################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-06 - 2025-04-06 Bro Wendall Martin Drink My Lord And I Will Give Your Camels To Drink Also - Wendall Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-06
Title:    2025-04-06 Bro Wendall Martin "Drink My Lord And I Will Give Your Camels To Drink Also"
Speaker:  Wendall Martin
Church:   New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 32m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tlBp6QKZ1i0
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Now you get on your [Music] soul. So get up and praise your Lord. So I praise you again and again. [Music] how and I know it's not much nothing else fit for a [Music] king except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. It's your breath in our lungs, so we pour out our praise. Pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you only. Great are you, Lord. Great are you, Lord. Sing that again. It's your breath. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. Pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you, [Music] holy. Great are you, Lord. I exalt thee. Can we do that this morning? Oh, I exalt thee. Oh, I exalt thee, oh Lord. [Music] Oh, I exalt thee. Thank you, Lord. I exalt thee. Oh, I exalt [Music] thee, oh Lord. [Music] Have you've come to exalt him this morning? Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Like to go to prayer if we may here this morning. Don't have any written request, but we do have one for brother Austin. Stout or he's not feeling well. I think it could be nerves. It could be the flu. I'm not sure. He's a week from his wedding. So, let's just remember brother Austin in our prayer here this morning. And I don't see grandpa or grandma here with us. Let's remember them. And they're in Ohio. Okay. Let's still remember them in our prayers. And anyone else that's not with us here tonight, I'm going to have this morning ask brother Nathaniel put them on the spot if you wouldn't mind coming and leading us in prayer. And if you have a need upon your heart, just make it known by the lifting of your hand. Let's bow our heads. Lord Jesus, thank you for allowing us to come out here tonight and just giving us another opportunity to praise your name. Jesus, I pray that you'd come tonight and just bless every need. Jesus, we know you're still the healer. We know you're still more than able to grant every need. Jesus, we pray that you just come in the service this morning. Jesus, just bless the minister as he preaches. Jesus, I pray that you just speech to each one of us. Jesus, I pray that you just be in the remainder of the service, being in everything that is said and done. We thank you for everything in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Do you love him here this morning? Amen. As we sing this, just step out in the aisles and greet one another. Oh, welcome, Holy Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence. Oh, fill us with your power. Yes, Lord. Live inside of [Music] me. Oh, well, we are in your presence. Thank you, Lord. Fill us with your power. Live inside of me. You're the living water and you're the living water. Everflowing fountain, comforter and counelor, take complete [Laughter] control. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence. Thank you, Lord. Fill us with your power. Word. Live inside of me. Welcome Holy Spirit. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. We are in presence. Yes, we are. Fill us with your [Music] power. Live inside of me. You're the living waters and you're the living [Music] water. Everflowing [Music] [Applause] fountain, comforter and counelor, take complete [Laughter] [Music] control. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. We are in your presence. Thank you, Lord. Yes. Oh, live inside of [Music] me. Oh, there's a river of life flowing out of me. It makes the lame to walk and the blind to see. It opens prison doors, sets the captives free. Oh, there's a river of life flowing now. Can we go up a key? Sing that again. There's a river of life flowing out of me. It makes the lame to walk and the blind to see. It opens prison doors, sets the captives free. Oh, there's a river of life flowing out of me. Spring up a well within my soul. Spring up a well and make me whole. Spring up a well and give to me that life. Sing it now as our ushers come binding. Oh, there's a river of life flowing out of me. It makes the lame to walk and the blind to see. It opens prison door, sets the captives free. Oh, there's a river of life flowing out of me. Lord Jesus, we just come into your presence once more, Lord. Lord, we just lift before you these tithes and offerings, Lord. We pray that you would just bless those that are able to give and those that aren't, Lord. And be used for your kingdom. Lord, we just commit the remainder of the service into your hands. And Lord Jesus Christ, you pray. Amen. He's God at the pull. He's God out the back door. He's God in the eightman corner. He's God all over the floor. I know God is God. And God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, he's God when the lightning flashes. He's God when the thunder rolls. He's God way up in heaven. He's God down in my soul. And I know God is God. Yes, he is. God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Oh, he's God if you love him. He's God if you don't. He's God when you serve him. He's God when you won't. I know God is God and God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. He's the God that healed the leopard. He's the God that raised the dead. You can stand up on his promises. He'll do just what he said. I know God is God and God don't. Sister Keys, do you have a song this morning? God is God and Jesus is his name. Oh, he's God in the Father. He's God in the Son. He's God in the Holy Spirit. And I know these three are one. I know God is God and God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, he's God of the first. He's God of the last. He's God of my future. He's still God of my past. I know God is God and God don't ever change. I know God is God. One more. And Jesus is his name. Well, he's gone. Can we try that again? I'm not sure which verse. Oh, come out of her, my people. The prophet has declared you must believe this message for Christ to meet you there. And I know God. Thank you, Lord. And God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. Yes, Lord. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. Yes, Lord. God bless you. You may be seated. [Music] [Music] [Music] The road before you vanished and gone. No way over. No way around it. and you're wondering how to go on your eyes. God has given you a promise. Just ask what you will believe and be still and watch him move. Faith can move that mountain in Jesus name. [Music] Speak his power again. into the sea. Faith can move your mountain if you only believe. You [Music] remember Jesus commanded have faith in God and he would give power to say to that [Music] mountain be thou removed. moved and it would be done. Therefore, whatsoever you desire, just ask him believing and it shall be yours. Faith can move that mountain if you ask in Jesus name. Speak the word belie. [Music] Faith can move your mountain if you only believe. [Music] Faith can move your mountain. If you ask in Jesus name, speak the word belie and watch that mountain be cast into to the sea. Faith can move your mountain if you only believe. Faith can move your mountain if you only believe. Amen. So glad we have that promise here this morning. Amen. God bless you. Now, if you could stand to your feet. Sister Amy, you think you and Mary can do that song that you were going to do with Adam right before he passed. I don't know if y'all ever sing that, but if y'all could look into that, can we do this? God's not dead. He's alive. And Gene, oh my God, he is alive. God's not dead. He is alive. God's not dead. He is alive. Oh, I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I have him in my heart. And he's all over me. Oh my God. He is alive. God's not dead. He is alive. Oh, God's not dead. He is alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I have him in my heart. And he's all over me. It's the Holy Ghost. Oh, it's that Holy Ghost and fire and it's keeping me alive. It is keeping me alive. Oh, keeping me alive. It's that Holy Ghost and fire. It's keeping me alive. My Jesus is keeping me alive. It's all over me. Oh, it is all over me. How many can say that this morning? It is keeping me alive. Oh, keeping me alive. It is all over me and it's keeping me alive. Oh my Jesus, my God's not dead. One more time. Oh my God's not dead. He is alive. God's not dead. He is alive. God's not dead. No, he's not. He is alive. Oh, I feel him in my hand. I feel him in my feet. I have him in my heart. And he's all over me. Is he in you this morning? Hallelujah. Is he in you this morning? Are you a witness that God's not dead, but he is alive? Hallelujah. How do we know? Because he's living in you. Amen. God bless you. Now, you may be seated. [Music] Bless your light on my darkness and restore my soul. I long for you. Make me whole. Come quench this thirsty. Lord, I am ready. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart. You are the only one who can fill me. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart. Come my life. I am ine. Let your love rain down on me. I need you more, Lord. I confess. More of you and nothing less. Come with this thirsty. Lord, I am ready. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart. You are the only one who can fill me. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart, Lord. Come fill my heart. Fill this void and empty. [Music] Shine your light on my darkness, Lord. Sisy and restore my soul. I long for you to make me whole. Lord, come quench this thirsty. Lord, I am ready. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart. You are the only one who can fill me. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart. Come fill my heart. Come quench this thirsty. Lord, I am ready. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart. You are the only one who can fill me. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart, Lord. Come fill my [Music] heart. Amen. Is that your prayer this morning? It's Lord, here I am. I'm thirsty. I'm hungry. I need you here this morning. I don't know. Maybe that's my cry. That's That song's been on my heart the last few days. Lord, I need a feeling of you here this morning. How about it? How can I see a show of hands and say, "Lord, I I need a feeling of you here this morning." Can we sing this as the man of God comes? Can we go to F and let's try this? I have what you need, but you keep on searching. [Music] I've done all the work, but you keep on working when you're riding on empty. Oh my. And you can find a remedy. Just come to the well. You can spend your whole life on Jesus, chasing what's missing, but that empty inside just ain't going to listen. When nothing can satisfy and the world leaves you high and dry, just come to the well. Oh my. And all who thirst will thirst no more. Yes. And all who search will find what their souls long for. The world may try, but it can never feel. Just leave it all behind and run to the well. So bring me your heart this morning. No matter how broken, come just as you are. When the last prayer is spoken, just rest in my arms a while. You'll feel the change, my child, when you've come to the well. Oh, now that you're full, I love this. With love beyond measure, your joy is going to flow like a stream in the desert. Oh, soon all the world will see. Oh my, that living water is found in me cuz you came to the well. All who thirst and all who thirst. Yes, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Will find what their souls long for. The world may try but it can never fail. Just leave it all behind. Sing that again now as the man of God comes and all. [Music] what their [Music] soul [Music] [Music] never. Praise the Lord. Aren't you glad that you can come to the well, the well of life here this morning? Amen. He's such a a great God and he's greatly to be praised among us here this morning. Good to be in the house of the Lord. Good to see Sister Debbie with us. Amen. And uh good to see that you're doing well and and uh Seattle's still still there. Amen. Well, it's good to good to have you here this morning. Just good to good to see everyone here in the house of the Lord and and u Amen. This will be our first service back since camp and so uh yeah we how many enjoyed the camp here this this week last week I trust everyone has got their uh got got their rest. Amen. after all the work. And uh but we're we're sure glad to see everyone. And uh is that Gideon back there? Amen. Good to see you, Gideon. Been missing you. And uh uh uh Patrick and Stacia and the baby. And just just so glad to have y'all here this morning. Amen. And so uh just just so wonderful. So, we're going to have a we'll have a little tonight. We're just going to designate it for a testimony service and those who would uh just like to testify of what God done for you at camp or or for anything in your life. And so, I think it'll be a wonderful time this evening. And um but why don't we just go to the word of the Lord here this morning. Let's let's look here at Genesis 24 and the 11th verse. and um enjoyed the specials this morning and um uh Sister Khalilas and and Sister Amy, Sister Mary's and Elelliana's and uh man, I love harmony and and the harmony in both of those songs were just wonderful. Praise the Lord. Well, I love the song, too, but I love the harmony. It just makes the makes the harmony uh makes the song Oh, just beautiful. Amen. Now, we're going, this is this is Eleazar. Um, we're going to break into the story here, but Abraham is sending uh his servant Eleazar to look for a bride for Isaac. And um and so um he is wondering how he is going to um how he's going to find the right girl. And so he is asking the Lord. I I I need your help for for me to find the right bride for for Isaac. And so we're going to start here at the 11th verse. And he made his camels to kneel down without the city by the well of water at the time of the evening, even the time that women go out to draw water. And he said, Lord, God of my master Abraham, I pray thee, send me good speed this day, and show kindness unto my master Abraham. Behold, I stand here by the well of water, and the daughters of the men of the city come out uh and draw water. Let it come to pass that the damsel to whom I shall say, Let down thy pitcher, I pray thee, that I may drink, and she shall say, drink, and I will give thy camels drink also. Let the same be she that shall that thou has appointed for thy servant Isaac. And thereby shall I know that thou hast showed kindness unto my master. And it came to pass before he had done speaking that behold Rebecca came out and she was born to Bethul the son of Milka the wife of Noah Abraham's brother with her picture upon her shoulder. And the dames was very fair to look upon, a virgin, neither had known uh any man known her. And she went down to the well and filled her pitcher, and came up. And the servant ran to meet her and said, "Let me, I pray thee, drink a little water of thy pitcher." And she said, "Drink, my lord." And she hasted and let down her pitcher upon her hand and gave him drink. And when she had done given him drink, she said, I will draw water for thy camels also, until they have done drinking. And she hasted and emptied her picture into the trough, and ran again unto the well to draw water, and drew for all his camels. And the man wondering at her, held his peace, to whether the Lord had made his journey prosperous or not. And it came to pass as the camels had done drinking that the man took a golden earring of half a shekele weight and two brass bracelets for her hands and 10 shekels weight of gold and said, "Whose daughter art thou? Tell me, I pray thee, is there room in thy father's house for us to lodge in?" Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Lord Jesus, we want to thank you for Lord the well of water that you have you have given us to drink from. And Father, we thank you for your many blessings, Lord, that there's Lord the the river of life that gives us everything that we have need of. And Lord, if there's anything that we want to do this this morning is to drink from your well. But Lord, we also want to give you a drink. And I pray Lord that your Holy Spirit would be with us here in the service. That you would be Lord real to our hearts and anoint us Lord for your glory. I pray, Father, that you will be with our uh our brother Austin, Lord, as he's not feeling well this morning. And Father, he's got a busy week and going to be getting married this week, Lord. And we're just asking that you would be with him today and strengthen him and heal him, Lord. Just ask Lord that you would just have your perfect will and your perfect way in this service in the name of the Lord Jesus. Can the church say amen? And amen. God bless you. You can be seated here this morning. I want to um uh minister this this morning a little bit on Amen. Uh the title I guess would be uh drink my lord and I will give thy co camels drink also. And u I know that's a that's a strange title um but I want to speak on receiving from the Lord and being putting ourselves in a position to receive from the Lord. And I I think it's it's important that we that we uh understand that when God comes in a in in a special way, when his presence is with us, Amen. there is there is an act of worship that we must uh respond with. Amen. And so as we go through the service this morning, we're going to be dealing with actions and reactions. We're going to be talking about how Amen. how the [Music] the angel of the Lord is there at the well. Eleazar is there at the well. Amen. But there there and but there is something that you are required to do to receive from the Lord. And so Amen. And and I believe that that requires a heart of reverence, a a sincere heart of worship. It requires a reverential attitude toward God. In other words, we have got to understand that God is much higher than any of us. And that if we want to receive something of the Lord, there is a an approach. There is a way that we must take in order to receive from the Lord. You don't just walk up to the Lord. Amen. And and just expect to receive. Okay, I'm here at the church. Amen. Um I'm doing what I supposed to do. But there is a preparation of your heart if you want to get the attention of the Lord. Amen. And and so this is this is so important because you are nothing. And I think that's the first thing we've got to we've got to understand. Humanity, Amen, is as the dust that that is that that is here on this podium here this morning. You are nothing but dust. you you have nothing you can offer God. There is nothing within your ability. Amen. I even if you were the the most righteous man around, you add nothing to God. You give you bring nothing to the table. Amen. And and and you've got to understand that you are nothing, but he is everything. And I need him more than he needs me. He was in existence millions and trillions of years before I ever came around. Can you say amen? But yet God in his goodness and in his fornowledge, he forsaw you and me and brought you and me into his covenant. Amen. So that we could work together. Now, we should never that doesn't mean that Amen. Uh uh that we'll ever get above God. We'll never get above God. Amen. We can only work with God. And the only way that we will ever Amen. be used of God or receive anything of the Lord is when our heart is right. Amen. With him and we understand and put him where he belongs and we stay where we belong. Well, how many believes that's all right? Amen. Now, Psalms 22 and3. Amen. It says, "Thou art holy." Amen. Thou art holy. Uh, oh, thou that inhabitest the praises of of Israel. So, so now we we want to understand that God is holy. Jesus Jesus when they said, "Teach us how to pray," Jesus said, "Amen. Pray after this manner. Our Father, which art in heaven, hallowed be thy name. Set apart is thy name. You are exalted. I am the one on my knees bowing and praying unto the God of all power. Amen. So, so hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done on earth as it already is in heaven. Amen. So God has already got a plan for your life. God's got a plan for my life. Amen. There is none of us that is exempt. Amen. God's got a plan. So when we pray, when we come before God, we are our our heart is you are the potter. I am I need you. You've already got a will. You've already got a plan. Now Lord, somehow I am praying that you'll help me to surrender my heart, my thought, my life, surrender my pride to you so that I can be a vessel for your will to be fulfilled in. You've already got a will for me. You've already got a desire for me. I know my name is already in your book. Now, Lord, I'm asking that you take this Amen. this this body and this brain of cream cheese and Amen. somehow or another get I'm needing you to influence my life so that I can do your will. God's got a plan for you. He's got a plan for every one of us. Amen. And so the the greatest thing, thou art my father. Amen. Our father which art in heaven, hallowed. Amen. Be thy name set apart holy. Amen. You are the one that I look to and I'm asking for your will to be done in my life. Now, now the next thing when he said, "Thou art holy and thou inhabitest the praises." I think when we come to the house of God or when we come to prayer, Amen. our our desire, our our heart should be that of worship. Amen. Worshiping the Lord. Amen. Praise thinking the Lord for what he's done for me. Lord, I should be dead, but here I am on my knees thanking you. Lord, I I should be in jail, but here I am. Amen. sitting in church again and you've been good to me. I I I should be a divorced man. Amen. Or woman, but yet you've been good to me. I I should be My children should be lost. Amen. But here they are in the church. Well, can you say amen? Hallelujah. I think we've got a lot to be thankful for because God has been good to you. Amen. You see now, you're never going to have that as long as you're looking at God as if he's your servant. Amen. As you're, you know, you're telling God, "Well, you've been bad. Well, you've not Well, you've not Hey, listen. Listen, Bozo, you are, you are the wretched. You are the one, Amen, that has defied the works of God. You are the one that's acted like an idiot. You are the one, Amen, that is a sinner that is bound for hell. God's the one who reached down in mercy and said, "I love you." God's the one that keeps reaching out and saying, "Amen. If you will surrender to me, I will give you my life." Well, praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. You say, "Well, I never say that to God." Your attitudes say it a lot. Our attitudes say, "Amen." Well, well, God. Well, and that's why we get our attitudes with God. But if you're going to receive anything from the Lord, now I want you to understand the attitude of Rebecca. Rebecca was, "Amen. I'm going to water. I'm going to give you water, my Lord. I'm going to give you I want to honor you. And I also want to honor the power that you're riding upon." Amen. Did you know that the camels represented power? The prophet of God said that. He said, "So what we've got to what Rebecca learned, she was going to give amen. The servant some water and she was also going to water the very thing that was going to take her to her husband." And I want to say when you come to the house of God, Amen. What are you doing when you're Amen. in the preacher? What are you doing? Amen. When you're saying, "Lord, let me have your word." You are giving water back to God. You're giving water. You're giving praise. You're saying, "Lord, I love you, Lord. Thank you." Amen. For for for giving the pastor a word for me this morning. Lord, I thank You're not sitting there as a knot on a log. And Amen. But no, you're you're in reication. You you are you are responding to his love to you and you say, "I want to give you water back. Hallelujah. Now, many have come and sit on a church pew and they sit there. Amen. The preacher preaches and they just have the they have a blank stare. They act like, "Wait, how do you think you're ever going to receive anything from the Lord? You've got to give him water. You've got to water the word when it comes." Hallelujah. Well, I just don't believe in lifting a man up. Hey, listen. You need to be lifting up the word. And when the pastor is preaching or any man behind the pullpit that is preaching, you should be behind that gift of God 100%. You ought to be giving worship unto the Lord. Amen. But not just giving the preacher an amen, but watering the camels. Now, the camels were the they're they're the burden bearers. They were the ones that were going to take this Rebecca to meet her Isaac. So the very camels, the very power that she watered was the very power. Oh, glory to God. The very power that you are watering. It's not man's imagination. It's not just some crazy feeling. It's not just, well, people are working up. No, we recognize the anointing is with the word and we are watering that anointing. I want something from the Lord. And I I can't get it with a blank stare. I can't get it with just Amen. not raising my hands. I can't get it when I'm not worshiping. I must water the word when it comes. Praise the Lord. Amen. You've got to water the word. Drink, my Lord, and I will also I will give your camels to drink also. Can you say amen? You see, it's when we have him lifted up and I I and we understand that we need his power and that we know we are so thankful that he has predestined us and that he has loved us with an eternal love. Amen. And before you know it, you have that deep sincerity like like the psalmist. Amen. As he longs to be in the house of the Lord there in Psalms 42 and one. As the heart panth after the waterbrooks, soul pneth my soul after thee, oh God, my soul thirsteth for God, for the living God. When shall I come that appear before my God? My tears have been my meat day and night, while they continually say unto me, "Where is thy God?" When I remember these things, I pour out my soul in me. For I had gone with a multitude when I went with him to the house of God, with the voice of joy and praise, with a multitude that kept the holy day. Now, now this is this is a man who has who is who has who has been away from Jerusalem and he and he and his desire oh how he loved coming to the house of God. How he loved having having worship. How he loved feeling the presence of God. and and he's saying, "I I I want to just go to the house of God again to come into his house and to hear his words of life and amen as the a as the deer is is is is craving and a and and and and longing after the water brook. My desire is is longing after God. I need God in my life. I need him like water. I can't I I can't survive without water. I I can't survive. And none of us can. We cannot You can survive with a lot of things without a lot of things, but you cannot survive without water. Amen. And And then Psalmist is saying, "When do I when can I come into your presence? When can I need this?" Just like the deer needs water. Yes, sir. So recognizing him, recognizing his power, and knowing how to water him. Can you say amen? Now Psalms 84:10, for a day in thy courts is better than a thousand. I'd rather be a doorkeeper in the house of my God than to dwell in the tents of the wicked. Now, what I'm trying to establish here is there is a desire especially when you come to church. Amen. Now, these scriptures that I'm reading to you, Amen. He is saying, I I I I'm looking forward to getting to church. I'm looking forward to going to the house of God with a joy, with a voice of joy and praise and to keep the holy days. And then this next one is a day in your courts is better than a thousand outside. Amen. One day in your courts is better than Amen. Three years uh outside your courts. I I need you. I I'm longing for you. You see, this is a man who has understood that God has what he needs. This is a man that understands that everything that he has done and all of his ways of getting himself together, Amen, just didn't cut it. He needed God more than he needed anything else. That creates passion. that creates desire. That is something that is deep inside that says I got to come into the presence of God and I can't come. You remember the queen when Queen Esther was coming to the coming to going before the king and she was a type of you and me. Now remember, Amen. and and and the Bible says she took off her her clothes and she put on her royal apparel in order to walk into the presence of the king. She couldn't come with just any kind of an attitude. And you can't come to church with just any kind of an attitude. You can't come to prayer with just any kind of an attitude. There must be royalty. There must be desire. There must be God. You are everything. I'm coming before you with worship. I'm coming before you with passion. I'm coming before you with Well, can you say amen? Amen. I love coming to the presence of God. Amen. And you know, there's one thing that I have found out when I come to the presence of God with a heart of thanksgiving and a heart of joy and a heart of the of of gratefulness to God that God always comes and meets my needs. Amen. The psalmist says there in Psalms 100 and and the and the first verse, make a joyful noise unto the Lord, all ye land. Serve the Lord with gladness. Come before his presence with singing. Know ye that the Lord he is God. It is he that has made us and not we ourselves. We are his people and the sheep of his pasture. Enter into his gates with thanksgiving and into his courts with praise. Be thankful. Somebody say be thankful unto him and bless his name. For the Lord is good. His mercy is everlasting. His truth endures to all generations. That causes a man to come in the presence of God with praise and worship and love and adoration because God has been good. But you'll never give him the praise or the worship, the gratitude. You'll never have a heart of thanksgiving as long as you're thinking that God's here and you're here and your demands aren't being met by God. God's got the demands. You carry them out. Everyone says God's got the demands. I am to carry them out. I am not the great one. I am not the one that has asked God into my world so that I can help him out. God's invited me into his world so that he can help me carry his will out. You want something from the Lord here this morning, then you've got to come with the right approach. You need s you need you need something that is beyond your ability here this morning, you've come to the right place because he is here. But there is many women that came to that well. Amen. There was many women that came to that well. I said there were many women who came to that well, but there was only one who had something in her to water the camels. Can you say amen? So our response to that minister, our response to the anointing is so important. You say, "I don't believe it that way." Well, amen. You will you will you you you're putting a block up. You're building a dam and there's no telling there. There is nothing that God can do for you until you come with the right approach. Well, praise the Lord. Now, clearing our hearts to come into his presence is so important. Hope this is okay here this morning. I'm sort of I I've just got a few quotes and and and scriptures here. And so, Amen. I'm just preaching I'm going to preach from my heart here this morning. I want. You see what what what I see a lots of times is is is is people will set like a like like a knot on the log in our church services and and and there and and and there is nothing that can ever move them. There is just nothing and and and and they're sour and and their lives are sour. There's nothing. And when they go to youth camp and they and they and they see the and and and and they they come there sour too. But with somebody else, amen, that there's 20 or 30 around them that is feeling, Amen. that that is worshiping, that is entering, God's presence comes down and and they're just they're just an old leech. Amen. They're they're just they're they're just an old sucker that that is just enjoying it because somebody else is. And they they they get to enjoy that for a moment and they come back with a hype. They come back, but you see they they but but you give them you give them another you give them a month and they're back down to sour pusses. They're they're all back down just Amen. They come there there's no there there there's there's nothing. Well, they might sing a few songs. They might do a few they might give a few this or that or they might but but you see Amen. But but the word means nothing to them. And the word is the very power that is going to rapture you. Not your emotions. It's the power or the revelation of the word. And when we understand that the word was given to us in this day, the open book was for us in this day to make a rapture. Then then then we want to watch our attitudes. We want to watch our discernment because we want to water the power that is going to take us back home. Hallelujah. Do you love him? Now, so am I. So, there's something you have to do in order to receive something back from the Lord. Brother Brandham says, "You have to do something to cause something to follow it." Jesus took a piece of bread and broke it and then multiplied from that piece of bread. He took water and poured it into the pitcher. Elijah took salt and put it into the cruise. Cut down a stick, throwed it on the water. It's something to symbolize. So when we want something from the Lord, there's something I must do first. Hallelujah. And it's not you doing it first. It's God already right there beside you. And he's wanting to know that you recognize where he's at. It wasn't that she had to do something first. She was simply an answer to what Abraham had already desired. The servant was standing there. The gifts were standing there. The the answer was already standing there. So it wasn't that she done something first. She had to come in line and her actions put her right in line and changed the history of her life. Oh, come on now. Amen. What? So you doing something first. I I I I and and and that's in the visible realm. That's in the physical realm. But I want to say he is already here. First thing has already been done. Now what is your action? He's already here. Where is he? Well, he's got a preacher up here preaching at you this morning. So your attitude toward that word will determine what you get. Can you say amen? You see, the attitude toward the word of the Lord, Amen, will determine. So you've got to do something first. Y'all remember when when brother Brandham w was out there and he and he and he told and he and he's this that we just read here is the unveiling of God in ' 64. And and when he says you have to pick something, do something in order to cause something to follow it, he was actually talking about, Amen. U he had already told the brothers out there out there in Arizona, he said, "In 24 hours, we're going to see the glory of the Lord." And he and he said he he picked up a rock and he threw it. Amen. And he says, "Now me doing something, me acting in faith," he said it caused the whirl as it's coming down, it caused the whirlwind to start. Amen. which was a which was a judgment sign. So he's talking about Amen. You've got to start something. You've got to throw it out there and then God takes what your faith is and brings it about in your life. Can you say amen? Amen. He says just clean out the channels where the f first rain can flow. The water is there. Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. That smitten rock was in the wilderness and it's still there tonight. Thank God. Jesus cleaned it out for them again at Calvary, but they come right back around and throw the logs back in again and blocked off. Amen. You You know what? What it does to throw a log in a channel? What? What does it? Well, then all kinds of dirt hits it against the log and and wash it up and the first thing you know, we got all the water backed up like the beavers do and make a dam. You You got nothing to go through it. That's right. We We got too many beaver preachers today trying to dam all the water up and say, "Well, this is ours. This is just here. Uh th this belongs to us." And what happens to it? It becomes stagnated. And that's what the matter with a lot of our organizations trying to back up the water for your organization only and it's got stagnant. You know, stagnated water gets these little wiggle tails in it. And that's what's the matter with the church. A little wiggle to little wiggle in here and wiggle out there and days of miracles has passed and no such thing as divine healing. Can't set still five minutes in a meeting. My goodness. Stagnated waters. Beaver Dam. Blow it out. He says, "There's a fountain filled with blood drawn from Emanuel's veins where sinners plunge beneath the flood, lose all their guilty stains. The prophet said, "Go down there and dig all them logs out." Can I hear an amen? He says, "Now we got the people. Just clean out the channels. The people's all right. Get the channels cleaned out so the Holy Spirit can come in. All your fanaticisms and isms and and everything else in the church, clean that out. Amen. The rocks already smitten. The waters are fresh and they're running, but our ecclesiastical systems have damned up the streams. He said, "Clean those things out. You won't have to anchor uh uh you won't have to have another rushing wind. You won't need wind or any rain, but yet there'll be water there. Oh, brother. Not a new system. Not a new system. What we need is to clean out the system we got. Get all the logs out of it, all the differences out of it, and all the fussing and stewing and everything and things like that away from them. The waters will go to flowing again. There will be love and joy. Joy like a river flowing all over everybody just in love with one another. Can you say amen? Now, so, so there were two choices that was going on at that well that day. She he was there, Eleazar was there to choose a bride. And Eleazar said, "Lord, the one that is sensitive, the one that you are drawing." See, it's not it's not the preacher making you a Christian. It's not anyone else making you a Christian. Hallelujah. It's the spirit drawing and it's not Eleazar's job to say, "Hey, you, you're the one." The spirit was to move upon Rebecca. And Rebecca, she's the one that's sitting in the pews. She's the one that's saying, "I feel something in my heart. Lord, let me surrender to you." You see, surrender is nothing more than just throwing out all of our pride and saying, "Lord, I want to do it your way." Did you know that that's the hardest thing for us to do is surrender? Especially us bullheaded men. Amen. But you women ain't too far behind us. Amen. And we don't like it. We don't like it because when we surrender, we ain't got control no more. We We're not in control of ourselves. We're not We want to control. Oh, we say, "Oh, Jesus, I give you my life, but I'm doing I'm going to handle this and I've got to do this." Maybe God don't want that handle. Maybe God wants you to just surrender you, big boy. You, Sally Sue. God wants you to surrender you to him. Oh, we want everyone else to surrender, but we don't want to surrender. Amen. I want Elelliana. I want her to get right with God. Lord, help her to surrender. I want my wife. Lord, no. It takes two Holy Ghost on her, but my attitudes, well, I'm fine. You're damning up the only source of victory for your life. You've got to surrender. Well, hallelujah. I said, "Hallelujah. You've got to surrender." Amen. You got to s You say, "But but but I'm just a little girl." You've got to surrender. I'm just a little boy. I You've got to surrender. Well, I I' I've been serving the Lord a long time. You must surrender everything you are to him now. Here she comes. She's sitting there. She comes. The spirit of the Lord is already dealing with her. Hallelujah. Did you know the prophet said, I I I just looked up Amen. Uh uh the other day, working on both ends. You know how many times the prophet says it over and over, God working on both ends. Working on both ends. Amen. It wasn't just it wasn't just the the the model servant Eleer. Amen. The the it wasn't just God's servant, but it was it was also God's Rebecca. God had already had Rebecca in his book, in his mind for Isaac before the world began. So God's not just sending you a message, but his Holy Spirit is working on your heart to surrender. Isn't it Isn't it wonderful? Isn't it easy to just let go and surrender when you know that God's behind the whole thing? When God's behind the whole thing, I don't have to figure the message out. I don't have to figure uh figure my life out. I don't have to figure out tomorrow. All I've got to do is surrender today. All I've got to do is give myself today. God will take care of my tomorrow as well. Praise the Lord. And you know what I've done when Amen. when I have surrendered Wendell Martin and I've laid myself on the line and I have I've humbled myself before God. You know what I have found out? His glory working through me. Amen. And my wife my my wife, she she she gets the blessings of it. Amen. God takes care of her. God takes care of this situation. God takes care of that situation. And it's all because I've allowed him. I am the Rebecca. I am the one that is watering his word. That's watering the power. That's watering the anointing. My job is to say, "My father who art in heaven, hallowed, sanctified, set apart is your name. I want your kingdom to come on earth and live in me. Can you say amen? Now, brother Brandham in the time of decision uh sermon he says people today is something like Elizer. Again, Elzar is not the only one that must conscientiously make the right choice for decision. There was many women in the city, young girls for him to choose from. He didn't take his own choice. He trusted God's choice. He took the one that had a supernatural sign and answered a prayer. I submitted to the Lord. And today, you want to find a place to put your money. Sometimes you you you want to find a place to put your membership uh someplace that you you want to go to church. And there are plenty of churches to go to. There's plenty of forms of religion to go to, but you've got to make a choice whether you're going to submit yourself to a spiritual church or a formal church. You've got to make your decision. You've got to take the way with the church that Jesus ordained on the day of Pentecost or you've got to take some of these man-made creeds that we worship today. You've got to make your choice. You might think it's a little despised, but it's reliable. If it isn't, if it wasn't, Christ wouldn't have ordained it. If it wasn't so, Paul wouldn't have received the Holy Ghost. All the apostles wouldn't have received the Holy Ghost because the God of salvation said, "Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature. These signs shall follow them that believe." And just as Eleazar watched the sign on the girl, you will have to watch the sign. As Eleazar had to watch it, now you must watch it. Can you say amen? He goes on says, "You've got to make up your mind. You've got to make a choice. This may be your last time to make a choice. Tomorrow may be too late. God might have chose you to eternal life. But if you don't make up your mind and accept it, somebody else will take your place. Maybe tomorrow will be that time. God may be wanting to empty this whole roll of wheelchairs here tonight. I know he does. I know he wants to heal every sick person. Tonight, you'll have to make your choice. You say, "Well, Brother Brandham, you're going to have a prayer line tomorrow night." Let that be for somebody else. You must make up your mind quickly. Don't wait for it another If God is here tonight, just surrender to him right now. Don't wait for the prayer line tomorrow. God's wanting to empty these rolling wheelchairs out right now. Let it happen now. Oh, can you say amen? See, see we but in our mind we've got ways of thinking. But if the spirit is moving, that's when the Holy Spirit Amen. Hallelujah. I remember Sister Kala some years back. She was having some female problems. Amen. And she had she had talked to my wife and about it and and it was and and she had she had been struggling for for some time. And I and I told her, I said, "The next time the spirit of the Lord moves, you you feel his presence." I said, "Just immediately respond to it." And she done that. The spirit of the Lord come the next time. The spirit of the Lord was just so and the spirit of the Lord moved upon her. And we prayed. We were in the old building. And did you know that the presence of God that day totally healed Sister Khalila just like that with all the doctor's visits and this and that and the other and all. But God came down right then. Why? Because she learned that I've got to water his camel when he is near. Did you know I I remember my my little uncle, little uncle, because he was a year younger than me. And uh he he just had a hard time. He was just awkward. He just he just had a hard time surrendering. And you know, he had he had gotten to the world and just really, you know, messed up. But he he wanted to do what is right. He loved the Lord. and he'd come back to church and you know the guy was just awkward. He just he was awkward around everybody. We'd try we'd sing and he you wouldn't even you wouldn't have even thought he was a Martin. He couldn't keep a beat. He he he couldn't sing. He he just the poor guy I just you know and he would just try there you know and and uh and so we talk you know I would talk to and Sean and I I would would would talk to him and and uh well one night he called and he says I I want to give my life to the Lord and I said well that's just wonderful. It's 2 o'clock in the morning and I thought he was drunk and uh I said well that's wonderful. I'll tell you what. call me back in the morning and then we'll we'll have another conversation. He goes, "Don't blow me off." He says, "I want to give my life to the Lord." And uh I said, "All right." So I on the phone I he was in Tulsa. I was here. It was long distance. So we prayed, gave his heart to the Lord. And he calls me back here in a few minutes. And he says, "I want to get baptized." And I said, "That's good. That's good. Tomorrow we he says,"Wendle, I want to get baptized tonight. I said, "Are you drinking, Nathan?" "No, I'm not drinking. I want to get right with God tonight." And I I said, "Well, man, it's it's 2:00 in the morning." And uh and I said, "I I'm not I I'm being very sincere. I will I will meet you in Tulsa. We we'll meet at Brother Buruses in Claremore. I'll baptize you tomorrow." He says, "All right. All right." So, we baptized him. baptized my my my dad's little brother. Amen. And uh night and uh he was he was 18 years old. Baptized him. Well, he he you know he he was one of those guys when we're all praying. He was just looking around at us all trying to figure out, you know, said Nathan, you gota got be respectful of your head and Okay. All right. So, you know, He was awkward. He was just awkward. And uh I said, "Now you need the Holy Ghost." And uh he said, "Well, what do I do?" So I I took him through Acts two and and and showed him what And he and he and he he say, "Okay, all right. All right." Then he'd say, "Well, I I need the Holy Ghost." I know, Nathan. I know. I know. You got to surrender. It's surrendering to the Lord. And it's okay. All right. All right. And then it it come back, you know, just 50 when I need the Holy Ghost. Yes. Yes. I said, "It'll come. It'll come. I don't know when. I don't know how I don't know how you and God's going to do this. You, but you're just going to have to just really talk to him, love him, tell him you need just I said, and it could come up here. He would come up, you know, he'd come up for prayer and I'd pray for him and and and he'd just be looking at me. I said, "You got to help me out. You got to help me out." And I and and uh uh well I was up there preaching one service and he was back on the third row over here about where where uh Sister Tabitha would be and I'm up there preaching and all of a sudden this dude jumps up both hands in the air and I got it. He scared me and the whole congregation. I mean, we I I about died. I got it. I said, "The Holy Ghost." Yes. Yes. I got it. Their tears. He said, "I I know. I know. Something just happened." And I said, "Nathan, God bless you. See, it's not in the It's not in a format. It's not in a format. Yes, it can happen here, but but but it's but it's desires. Going back to what I first said, you got to want this more than you want anything. Nathan was changed. Nathan was changed. He was still the fidgety guy. I and he he'd drive all the way from toss up here every service and uh he bought him a whole bunch he bought him a whole bunch of New Testaments. was little. I mean, his truck was packed and he was just constantly passing out these New Testament Bibles and he would pick up hitchhikers and he'd have them a captivated audience and he would he he' just preach to them about the Lord and how God can save them or how he was saved from drugs and alcohol and how God changed his life. He was changed. I remember the service, the last service that that he was here. He was he was 19 years old and we were in a tent meeting. Amen. And I and I I I talked to I I tried to talk. We had a late service and uh and so I I told him I said, "Man, I wish you would just wait." He goes, "Man, I got to work tomorrow." And he said, "I want to go on home." And and it was already after midnight. And and uh uh so he he's he's going back home. Of course, you know, back then there was no cell phones or anything like that. And on his way back home, um, we we got a phone call that and wanted, you know, Nathan had died and had a car wreck and and they were asking, uh, you know, he was way off, he was way off the beaten track and he had just he had picked up a hitchhiker and he was talking to the hitchhiker and took took the hitchhiker to where he needed to go. And then on his way home, he had had a car wreck. And I I I looked there at that that last service that that Nathan was there. He was still just as awkward as awkward could be, but he had such a love for the Lord. And his own expression for the Lord was just he just loved him so much. And he he would just the glory of the Lord was all over him. And I I I I looked there and I thought, see, God had something special for a boy that didn't quite fit in the mold. Well, that should that should make that should make all of us feel good. Sometimes you might think, well, I just don't fit in with the other young people or I don't fit in with this teenager or that you listen, all it takes is just surrendering ourselves to the Lord. And there were there were there were Bibles scattered all over the road, you know. It was a surrender. Are y'all understanding? So when the word was being preached, Nathan, though he didn't quite fit into to a church mold, if you want to put it that way, his desire was to be at that church every He was there. He was there every service. He was going, "Nathan, Nathan was forever more changed that that year. It it that year was in such an most incredible year as as I watched him." Amen. And loving God like he loved him and giving like he could God done something for that young man. A a and and and he had this relationship with God. I, you know, I just couldn't see myself with with with a hundred of those little New Testament Bibles, passing them out to everybody that I come in contact with. And and he was just as awkward when witnessing as he was with me. Amen. He'd come over there, you know, he'd just see it and he'd pull out a Bible. He'd just stand there and hand it to you and just just sort of awkward there, you know, have his hands in in jeans. That he goes, "I want you to read it. That is real." And I mean he was just I mean it was it was it was it it was it was coming out of him. Are you hearing me? See see but but but watering it watering the presence of God. Watering God. You're here and I recognize your presence and I must I must worship you and love you and give you my all while you're here with me. Then the presence of the Lord comes. Amen. When Elijah come to the Lord or the come up to the widow woman there in the days of of Ahab and and and there you know she started walking and and and and and giving uh uh you know when you know she she was she was making her last two cakes for her and her son and they would And and then when the when the prophet walked up to her and said, "Ma'am, could you give me a drink of water?" She didn't have much water, but there was something about the witness. Now listen, the scripture says that I God had already told Elijah when the waterbrook dried up, brook Cherith, he said, "Go to Zerapath, for I have commanded a woman to feed you there. So, he's walking up, but it takes it takes that widow woman to recognize the presence of God working on her end. She has to do something. She has to respond with the right response. So when the water when when he asked for the water, she turns around to tell him, "Well, I" But she says, "Well, but that's a kind man." Yeah, I'll get you a water. And then he says, "And while you're at it, make me a cake." She turned around and she says, "I There's something about this man. There's something in your heart that is that is drawn to this man. There's no other way to explain it, folks. There was no one there saying, "Hey, this is a good guy. He's a prophet." She had to rely on that supernatural something on the inside. Her response was going to make the difference. Her response, she says, "But I I don't All I've got is enough for one more meal for me and my boy and we're going to die. She looked at it. She said, "But I'm going to give it to you." It was the presence of the Lord upon her heart that was preparing her for victory. And because she responded in the right way, because she watered the anointing while it was there, because she watered the word of the Lord with her faith after she gives it, then the prophet says, "The cruise of oil and the barrel of mill will never run dry." Thus saith the Lord. Oh, this ain't the lottery. This is not the lottery. This is the genuine presence of God coming upon you. And you've got to respond. You've got to surrender. You've got to say, "But my son, but my but but my mama, but my" You've got to be willing to say, "I'm going to leave that all behind, but I'm going to follow you. What about my girlfriend? My boyfriend? Well, my what? Well, my friend. It doesn't matter what anybody else says. What about my job? What No, it doesn't matter. There's something that is that is yearning on the inside of me. There's that predestinated sea. There is the deep calling to the deep. There is that something taught of the father that I don't even understand. But I'm going to surrender myself to it. Hallelujah. Can you say amen? Now the prophet would say amen. When God, he says, what was it? God works on both ends of the line. God had shown Elijah a vision, go down to the city, for I have commanded, not the ravens this time, to feed you, but I've commanded a widow woman and took him to the poorest of the poorest. Took him to the most ridiculous of the ridiculouses to show his power through. Well, glory to God. Jerus had to make a decision. Jerus had to make a decision. He was a secret believer the whole time. But when but when the but he just never could show his colors because he loved what he was doing. He loved where he was at. Loved his position. But when things got so out of control for him. His daughter was lying there dying just any minute. And all the doctors had helped. And though he had a good position and though he he come to his he come to his wife and I I I I just broke in here. He says, "Oh, I can just see him. I could just only see him. I will express, oh, what what will I do? I I will lose my job. I will lose my congregation. What will I do? Well, maybe I I'd better not go." And walked in. Look at the little girl. She's almost gone. What happened? Right down in his heart, God began to work. Jarus, this is your time. You know, God gets Christ a a vision. God works on both ends in the line. He he begin to get in his heart. Oh, I believe I'll go see him. So, he calls Miss Jerus and says, "You know, honey, I I've been thinking of something." Oh, dear. Yes, dear. What is it? Well, of course, you know, I'm pastor here. Yes. Uh-huh. What What are we going to preach? You going to get to preach your funeral? Her funeral. Well, I'm not thinking about it. You know, honey, I you know, I sometimes ago, I I was on the other side of the lake and I seen this prophet of Galilee and I seen him do a miracle there one day that just startled me. And you know, I believe he could help my daughter, her child. Don't you believe so, honey? And she said, you know, I want to tell you, sweetheart, I believe the same thing. Well, honey, you you mean you've been believing all this time? Yes. So have I. Oh my. Peace is going to come to that home pretty soon when father and mother can get right with God. Something is going to happen. Why? He said, "Are you willing? If they excommunicate me, are you willing to stick by me, dear? I'll stick by you through thick and thin. That's my marriage vow. I'll stick by you. If you if you want to go get him, I'll be here on my knees praying till you get back." Let the congregation say anything they want to. We believe God. This was Jarus. It says, "I I I need him. And I'm willing to s I'm willing to let it all go. I don't care about my prestige. I don't care about my reputation. I don't care about nothing." Well, glory to God. Oh, glory to God. You know that feeling that I feel? I know he's here right now. You say, "How do you know it, brother Winhill?" Because it's that same something that has led me to him many, many, many times before. He's here. Your attitude will either take you to him or down the power through. I want to be willing. Praise the Lord. I preach preached the last Sunday you hear on love. If you could only know the depths of God's love. His love is here. His love is expended. His love is so great. Can I have a few more minutes? It was in the darkest hour for little Georgie Georgie Carter. Georgie Georgie Georgie Carter, man been praying. This this girl had been crippled for nine years. She was down to 30 something pounds. Couldn't get out of bed. Couldn't even Couldn't even spit in a in a cup. In order to get her on a bed pan, they had to this girl, she had heard, she had read a book that brother Brenam put out, Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, day and forever. And in that book, he had told the story of of the nail girl, the the the girl that that had been healed of tuberculosis and how God had healed her. And that that that said something. And now now her her parents were Church of Christ, I believe it was, and and they didn't believe in anything of this, but she would sit there and she would just cry. I wish I could get into the presence of that man and have that man to pray for me like he done that with that that girl, that male girl. And she be to cry and pray. You say, you you you say, "Well, I I I I brother Wendle, I know. I I pray and I pray and it just seem like God doesn't hear." He does hear. God sent us a prophet so that we could sort of see what God does on both sides of the line. What you don't see, God allowed the prophet to see it. And while he was out in prayer, no, he was asleep. And all of a sudden, he heard this crying, this bang. There was a lamb that was crying, "Milltown, Miltown." The lamb was lost, caught in a thicket. He woke up and he and he and and and there he was in the vision, go to Miltown. Well, he man, he got up. He didn't he never even heard of Miltown. He he he went and asked some brothers and they said, "Well, there's a Miltown and a certain place and they went over and it wasn't it wasn't Miltown. It was it was it was Middletown." And and and they said, "This ain't it." And so they and then he asked they said, "Oh, no. It's way back up. It's it's I think it is down in the southern part of the states and and there and and how how many wants me to just read it to you. He said she he says so so Mr. So Mr. Hall come to me and said he said brother Billy that that little girl lives uh uh no yeah okay so let me let let me set the story up a little bit more here. So so he went to Miltown and and and getting over there was supernatural. the Lord led him there and and he says he he got him a little box to set up outside the the local store there to preach and and uh you know and then he he thought well I got I got to find out how to how to get a crowd because he didn't have the girl's name. He didn't know what he was there for. He didn't know what it was about. All he saw was a lamb and it said Miltown. And so there uh uh he he ends up seeing a church and he starts a revival. The church been closed down. He started a revival the first night. Amen. Uh this this one brother that that he just mentioned, Mr. Hall gave his heart to the Lord and he become the pastor of that church for many many years. And so uh he's there and they're they're they're preaching and and uh man uh he he goes one you know many are getting saved and and or a few are getting saved and he goes out to baptize them. So after the baptism, he says, now he says, "Mr. Hall, come to me and say, "Brother Billy, there's a girl that lives over here named Georgie Carter. She's laid there nine years and eight months. I I want you to get uh" He said, "I want you to get your address and write her, each one of you personally, a letter. Let let her write to you." He said, "Now," he's laid there 9 years and 8 months. She's approximately weighs 35 pounds of human bones. And so she was about 5 foot tall. She was about 22 or 26 years old, something on that order. She had been laying there now for nine years and eight months caused by a foul thing that was done to her and and but she but said her her people belongs to this church down here and there's a certain church won't call the denomination. They they don't believe that Jesus heals and they don't even believe the spirit or nothing else. But they said to their members, "If any person goes to that idiotic Baptist preacher praying for sick, you'll get your members here, get your letter from the church when you when you come back." So her daddy was a deacon in the church and so he couldn't. He he couldn't. So he asked me, he said, "Brother Hall said, if I go over there and uh asked if I'd go over there and and I said, sure." Her mother and father said, "Well, to satisfy her, all right, but I won't even wouldn't even stay in the house where those hypocrites were, that hypocrite was." So, I went down there and I looked in the house and and and if you ever passing through there, look like a look at the bed. Her little bed there, little iron bed, the paint's all wore off. She she kept it. She keeps it there. uh uh where where ye the through the years of holding with her hands crying and and her little legs up here and were approximately about that big around her arms couldn't raise this sputum cup where she was coughing and she'd go brother Madam makes a noise to imitate the coughing sound and and they'd raise up the sputum cup and she'd go make a make a noise to imitate it and you you could have to get down real close to hear a little pink sucking uh uh lips way eyes way back. She couldn't raise her hands up no more. And I noticed my little book laying on the bed, Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, today, and forever. And I said, "Little sister," I said, "I wish I could help you in some way, but are you a Christian?" She said, "I am." Her mother wasn't there. And they couldn't even couldn't even have a bed pan under her. They had to use a draw sheet. She couldn't even raise her up. She was just laying there just bones. She hadn't seen the outdoors for years and years and so a nice family of people. Her mother young practically yet was just gay-headed, shaking with pausy from setting day and night with that child setting there until she until she died. And they gave her up years and years and she had TB to come into the fam female organs and it went all through her body and she just in horrible shape. I said, "I will pray for you." So I knelt down and prayed and she wanted to know if something why didn't something happen and she had read in the paper about the nail girl and had been crippled and the papers packed all over the country and well now look sister dear that was a vision. I I can only do that. I I can pray for you. But that was a vision. I I didn't even know the girl and and and the tears where where she got enough moisture to get tears. I don't know. But tears came running down her side of her face. And you know how those meats going over the face, the jaw sunk in, poor little fella. And I said, "I will continue to pray for you." And because I know your father and mother don't want me here. And she started crying and whispered. She said, "But I do." And and so brother Bradom goes on preaching the the the revival. And and uh after after the Sunday morning service, had a little bapt baptism. And he says, "So I went with brother George right to eat supper." And he said, "Now, now he kind of talks country." And he said, "Now, Brother Billy," he said, "when mammy rings the bell, you come on." I said, "All right." I got over in the woods and I started to kneel down and the green briars were was sticking me. You know, you know when a blessing is right ahead of you, how the devil tempts you. and he tried to I tried to kneel this way and the brier stuck me and I got up went over here and the sun was shining on me and I'd go different places and directly I just got so wore out I just fell down and started screaming out to the Lord with all of my voice and praying. I think sometime that's a good idea. Well, well, but I tried I tried and I couldn't get it. Well, God must not No, it wasn't God. That's just you. That's just the devil trying to keep you from surrendering. That's just the devil trying to keep you out of a blessing. That's just the devil trying to keep you out of victory in your life. You stay right with it and keep on. Don't let that devil win in your life. Amen. The devil knew that a miracle was fixing to happen and he was trying to keep brother Brandham. Amen. From that miracle. He says, "Now," he said, "So I I I just fell down and started screaming out to the Lord with all of my voice and praying." Well, seemed like in the distance I could hear the bell, but I was just, you know, I I was you ever carried away in prayer like that. I just didn't pay any attention to it. After a while, I kind of got to myself and it was getting dusky and the sun setting over the hill getting down into the valley where I was was was was on the side of the hill that way. And I was and I was under a dog bush, a dog wood bushes, some dogwood bushes. And I looked up and I thought a a strange feeling was there. And I looked up and the light that you see in the picture was shining down through that and the circle the light was circling in the top of the dog wood bush. And he said, "Go by the way of Carter's." That's the girl's name, Georgie. Carter. Well, I got up and started and then the hunt search and parties trying to find me. Down the hill I went running real fast, jumped right into the arms of Brother Wright. He said, "Ma'am, he's had them biscuits ready for two hours, Brother Billy." I said, "Brother George, something's going to happen. You know that light that appeared down there where I was baptizing?" He said, 'Yeah. I said it was over there in those woods and told me to go the way of Carter's. I believe the little girl is going to get well. So there there was some people there from Texas and they wanted to see it happen. So down we went and wow, you know, God works on both ends of the line. He says, "And that woman went in to pray. her her mother went in to pray and her little girl got to crying because she wanted she had wanted seen the baptismal service advertised in the paper or announced and she wanted to to go to it and of course she couldn't move. He couldn't move for nine years and eight months and she was laying there crying and oh it got her mother so bad and that now there's her mother's story. You ask and see her mother tell it the same way. She she went into the room and they lived in a lovely big home and her married daughter lived close to them and she knelt down and she said, "Dear heavenly father, we have served you and your church for years and there's my poor little dying daughter laying in there and that impostor William Brandom has come through here got the people all stirred up and that poor little thing laying in there. God reward that hypocrite of his iniquity. Hallelujah. Oh, but God was still going to hear a daughter's prayer. Come on now. Hallelujah. Amen. She said she that hypocrite of his iniquity just going on praying like that. She raised up and she seen a shadow on the wall and she thought it was her daughter coming. Now, here's her story. I can only quote her. She said it was a shadow of the Lord Jesus. She seen his beard. He said, "Why are you weeping? Who's that coming?" And she looked over and she seen me with this Bible over my heart coming in with two men following me. And she said, "Oh, how I I I've been asleep." And she had never seen a vision before. So she said, "I've been asleep." "Oh, something's wrong." She said, "What happened? I've lost my mind." And she went into the room and she said, "Georgie, I you know I" And then and then she appeared uh then she appeared a a door then she heard a door slam and here I was walking in me and two men just like that and she fainted. When I got to the door, I don't know what who opened the door, but I got in and it seemed like I I know this sounds a juvenile, but it seems like I was standing in the corner of the room like that and I was watching myself go over to that girl and there she was laying there, her little pale face, uh, pale looking face, and I said, "Sister Georgie Carter, Jesus Christ, who you love and has trusted, I has met me over yonder under a dogwood bush." Oh, I can still think of it. Something happens. I I I said he met me and he sent me that you might be healed. So, in the name of Jesus Christ, rise from up from that bed. Now, how's she going to do it? She hasn't moved for 9 years and 8 months. Her legs wasn't that much bigger than a broomstick. Here she How is she going to get the strength to raise the sputum box? How's how's she going to stand? She How? I don't know. But God who created the heaven and earth and this is his word and me his minister standing here. The girl sprang to the floor under the power of the Holy Ghost with her hands in the air. The two men was with me seen the skeleton standing there. Her legs were up up where her short gown uh was was on like that. Her little legs about that big around and her little arms like that and them up in the air. It scared them and they started screaming. Her mother raised up just getting out of her fainting spell and she fainted again. She she let out a great big scream. I turn around and her daughter come running over and people all over Miltown come running. Her father thought Georgie had died. He was crossing the bridge with a little bucket of milk in his hand and come in the barn across the way. He was also the superintendent of the big quarry there. He came up on up the road and thought his daughter had died and she was went out the yard and sat on the grass and blessed the grass and blessed the leaves on the tree. And when her father got there, the house was packed full of people. About 20 minutes later, she was sitting at the oldfashioned country organ playing Jesus keep me near the cross. There's the precious fountain free for all the healing stream that flows from Calvar's Mountain. She's been in the the pianist at the Miltown Baptist Church from that day. The night till this night now has never went to bed with anything less than to go to bed and go to sleep since Miss Georgie Carter, Miltown, Indiana. It was her darkest hour. Then Jesus come along. Oh, God have mercy. It's the darkest hour that this world's ever seen. Communism on every side. All kinds of isms everywhere. But thank God Jesus has come along with his Bible, with his truth, with his holy spirit. He's here tonight to do exceedingly abundantly above that we could think uh do or think. Amen. Can you say amen? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. There's got to be an action. Your action calls for a response. So don't come to church and sit here now. And and and now some of you young people like this, you know, I'm just telling you, you're you're you're just it's you're you you you you offend God. And you elders, too, if you're guilty, but you offend God by just coming to church and sitting there as if you're not giving him any praise. You're not you you you you can't tell me you don't do that to your that that you don't show that uh that kind of affection to your girlfriends or your boyfriends or your whatever it is. If you love somebody, you want to express it. When you come to church and you love the Lord, you ought to have your hands up in the air because he's a lot better than your boyfriend or girlfriend. He's a lot better than than than anything else. There should be a love. And I wish all of our young people were here today to hear me preach this because if you're going to be anything with God and you're going to receive anything from God, you don't want to see miracle God doing a miracle for me. You want to experience miracles in your own life. And if there's any adults here that needs God, well, you don't demand things from God, you you're humble. You humble yourself. You don't go around acting like you're the big cheese, like you know everything. You need God. Humble yourself. Learn to cry out to him. Quit trying to do everything on your own. When the word's coming forth, don't sit there and and just listen to the preacher. Pull from that gift. She watered the messenger and she watered the power that brought the messenger. Can you say amen? See, there there's something about that. Amen. That that brings it You say we we we we we pray as if we're having to beg God for something. You see, there's that that's not the case at all. What what about what about the woman? What about the black woman that they're in Chicago? And she had been been praying for her son, asked for the boy, and and she was she said she's like the shootite woman. couldn't have the no baby. And then she had the baby and her husband died. And now the boy got up to be 18, 19 years old and went out and messing around and and and and and you know living living a a riotist life and now he's got the veneer disease and and and and this big old boy is laying in the bed dying. Doctors have came over and said, "We've done everything we can do. He's he's going to die." Amen. And she's praying. She's just praying. She said, "Lord, I'm like your shoot my woman. Surely you got it lied just somewhere. I'd like the shadow of my woman. Surely you got Elijah and she fell asleep. While she was praying, while she she seen in this in this dream, she seen herself out there in her front yard and a man coming with a tan suit and with a with a certain hat on that he was going to pray for her son. Now, she had a choice. She had a choice. Either she's going to stay in bed and keep all of her molly grubbing and crying and praying or she's going to be sensitive. On the other end, Brother Brandham is has his letters. He wrote some letters and taken him to the post office and and and was going to go back to the hotel and and go get and and go uh his flight was going to leave in two hours. And as he's getting up to go to go take his letters, he he uh he said the spirit of the Lord says he just felt something strange. So he he pulled off to the side and the Lord told him just walk this way. He goes, "Oh, I can't do I." But he said, "I just knew the presence of the Lord enough that I just follow the leader leadership." So, he's walking on down and he kept on walking through Memphis, walking on walking, and the Lord just says, "Keep walking." Now, he's walking down to the old the poor side of town. And he's coming on. He's looking at his watch and he thought, "Oh my." He said, "I I've been walking now for over an hour. I I still got my briefcase at the motel room. I'm going to miss my flight. I keep walking. And he just kept on following the Lord. He goes down into pass some shannies and over there in the black town. And as he's coming down, he pass this woman and he tips his hat to her, says, "Good morning." Woman leading over the leaning over the fence says, "Hello, Parson. He stopped. He said, "You know, I'm a person." He said, "Me knows you was coming." He said, "Lord showed me a dream. Told me you was coming. I've been out here all night." He reached over there, felt her back. It was all wet with dew. Oh, God. Oh God, I wish every one of us could catch that kind of a revelation that the love of God passes all understanding and our reverence and our love and devotion to him. I didn't tell the first part of the story. Brother Brandham, they had they they actually put Brother Brandham in the Peabody Motel layover because they something had happened and they had to keep him there for the night. God grounded the plane and everything for it to be there. He looked at her and he said, "Well," she told him the story. He said, "Well, I don't know if you've heard of me. My name is William Brandom." Nope. Well, I pray for the sick and he's she wasn't weren't interested in anything about none of that. None of that. He said, "You just come in here and pray." They walked in the door to this little shy. No carpets on the floor, nothing. Just but but they're on the wall. Said, "God bless this home." He said, "I've been in king's h palaces. I've been with great men." But he I've never felt more at home than in that home with that black lady and her son that day. Felt the feet. They were cool and sticky. He was saying, "Oh, mama. Oh, mama. I'm lost. Mama, where are you? Mama, I'm lost. Mama, I'm lost. Mama, where are you? He said, "Oh, she's he's been saying this for for days now. He hasn't woke up. He just keeps hollering this. He's he's he's like he's out on a sea and he's he's he he's just calling for help." Brother Brandham knelt down and he said, "Mama, won't you pray? You pray first." He said, "She," when she began to pray, she said, "Oh, she knew how to pray. She had prayed before and glory of the Lord coming down. And he knelt down and he said, "Lord, I don't know what this is about. You've not given me a vision. You've not given me anything. All I know is my plane was grounded and you told me to walk this way. I just felt your spirit saying to come. I don't know. I have no vision to go with, but this woman's faith. I'm asking that you would honor it." He said, "Heal the boy, Lord." All of a sudden, it started, "Mama, it's getting light in here. It's getting light. Mama, mama, getting light, mama." Then he opened his eyes. Well, glory to God. Oh, glory to God. Amen. He he he's he's he said, "Let me get let me get down to the parties where he had went." He says, "I he said, I" He said, "Mommy, it's getting it's getting light in him." In in less than five minutes, the big boy was setting up on the side of the glor of the bed giving glory to God. I struck back quick to the plane, got me a cab. When I when I got there two hours and something late, they were just making the last call. Talk about sovereign grace. The faith of that ignorant colored woman grounded that plain and and held it there. My when I think of those things and the many things I've seen, I think how rich, how pure, how fathomless, the strong and strong the love of God is for a poor, insignificant, peasant, ignorant. Uh you you a colored woman. Her prayers grounded that plane and held it there and sent me down there to pray for that boy. A year later, I was making a a trip to Phoenix by train as as you go into Memphis. You go into the station like that and I stopped and sandwiches on the train was was too high for me about 3040 cents a piece and I can get a hamburger for 15. So I jumped off the train, started running up that way to get me a hamburger while the train was waiting. My little red cap ran out there and said, "Hello there, Parson Brandom." And I said, "How do you do?" And he said, "You don't know me." He said, "You, oh, don't you know me?" And I said, "I don't believe I do, son." He said, 'You remember the morning that you came to my house and I was dying? I said, 'You're not that boy. Yes, Parson Brandon, I was healed and I was a Christian now. Brother, the spirit of God leads if you're expecting him to do it. just as great tonight as he was then and will forever will be forever. He said, "Let us let us pray. I wish I could sing just now. Oh, I wouldn't I would love to sing, oh love of God, how rich and pure God's no respective person, how poor, how ignorant, that doesn't matter. It's if you're expecting him and God will lead you to him." Can you say, "Amen?" Amen. Oh, glory to God. I want to give him water and I want to water his power with us. Now, what are we watering? We're watering the word. That's what we're giving water to Christ. Amen. Now, we must not think of ourselves too highly. And I know I've kept you a long time this morning and and and the musicians can come. Lofty-minded people will sit in church and not receive anything of the Lord. And I want to tell you, poor people can be the worst. You get a guy that that's trying to trying to do something and he might not have two quarters to rub together and yet he'll he'll act like he's just some kind of a big just putting on the air just putting on the big the big air. Brother Brandon would talk about it. He he he would say he says those he says those little guys that don't have But they they got a suit and look good. He says he says they they they cause me more problems than than the other guys lots of times. He because they they think highly of themselves. He said whereas he's found he's found great men to be very humble. But what he was what he was dealing with, he says, "But when you come before God, you you've got to lose your persona. You gota because us us poor folks." Y'all like my new suit? As poor folks, we want to look good. Everyone knows we ain't got no money in the bank, but the persona and we'll do that when we come into church. We're just satisfied with fitting in with the crowd. It's not in fitting in with the crowd, it's fitting in with his spirit. No matter what is required, if I have to scream and beg, if I have to beat an altar till I'm I've got snot all over the altar, my hands are are bleeding from pounding and I whatever it takes, I I I want to surrender everything that I am, I must. It's either surrender or I die. I can't live without your presence. I need you. Did you know? And I I I think this is important this that I'm fixing to read to you because with brother Brandham bringing a prophet and being able to discern and see things and when he preached the message in 63, this is after the seals and he's and he's and he's preaching a message entitled How can I overcome? He says, "It's been said so much that God is such a good God until they try to make God just a big doty grandfather." But he is not. He is a father, a father of righteousness, a father of correction. Love is always corrective. Love corrects. No matter how bad it hurts, it still corrects. A real mother will correct her children. A real dad will correct. And if you just get soft and doy. I was crossing over an old crossing an old log the other day down a a wash, what is called a hollow. And I jumped up on this log and on the outside it looked good. Looked like a big old beach log. But when I jumped on it, a great big jump chunk of it fell off. It was real rotten and dirty. That's the way Christians are becoming. They've been dead in sin and trespass so long till they become dirty. They can hold no weight at all. They know, they don't know what the overcoming means. I begin to think of this text then overcome. Keep the life in you. When the life went out, that's what brought that log to that condition. It made it worse than it ever than ever when it laid in the branch where the water was. Then you take a Christian that's supposed to be a Christian and let the life of God go from him. The experience, the joy of serving Christ, living in a church where such is going on, he rottens twice as quick, right? Living right under it. So if I if we are trying to follow the message of the hour, at least this part of the message, we should live constantly in the life of Christ because if you don't, you lay around. You know these things you're supposed to do and you don't do it. The Bible says he that knoweth to do good and don't do it to him at sin. Then you become doy and rotten. You're separated from the life of God. So strive with all that is in you. Stay in the life of Christ that you would be fruit bearing. Can you say amen? living, being a part of a church where the presence of the Lord is and rotten because the hardness of heart is not allowing us to follow and water the word. Watering Water him in our praise. Water him in our prayer. Watering. You say, "Well, I thought it's got to be God. I thought we're predestinated." Yes. Yes. And you're to take that very seriously. Job 11 and 12 says, "For vain man would be wise, though man be born like a wild ass's coat, if thou prepare thine heart, and stretch out thine hands toward him." So a vain man a vain man will be wise, though he's as wild as a donkey. A vain man will be wise if you would prepare your heart. Stretch out your hands toward him. Amen. If iniquity be in thy hand, put it far from thee. Let not wickedness dwell in thy tabernacles. For then shalt thou lift up thy face without spot. Yay, thou shalt be steadfast and shall not fear. Isaiah 55 and6 says, "Seek the Lord while he may be found and call upon his name. If he's at the whale, don't let me entertain him." Can you say amen? You see, Jesus says, "The day that I'm revealed, you will know me. You will know me." And I want you to look at I've got I've got just a few scriptures I want to read real fast to you. And I want you to catch this. Catch, catch what? Catch what God's what's in God's mind. Look, look, look at where he's at. Look, look at him. Look, this is what he's pronouncing. He says, "The Lord shall send the rod." Psalms 11:0 and two, "The Lord shall send the rod of thy strength out of Zion. Rule thou in the midst of thine enemies." Now, the Lord is sending the rod of strength for us to rule. Thy people shall be willing in the day of thy power and the beauties of holiness from the womb of the morning thou hast the dw of thy youth. Philippians 2 and 12. Wherefore, my brethren, as ye have always obeyed, not as in my presence only, but now much more in my absence, work out your own salvation with fear and trembling. For it is God which workketh in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure. Now are you catching it? The day of my power my people will be willing. The day of my power there's there that there's going to be I I'm coming and I am giving that I am giving you whatever is required. I'm here. I'm here. But I want you to recognize it. Work out your own salvation. For it is God that wills and do and does. Isaiah 1:19. If you be willing and obedient, you shall eat the good of the land. But if you refuse and rebel, you shall be devoured with a sword. For the mouth of the Lord has spoken it. Psalms 278. When thou saidest, "Seek my face," my heart said unto thee, "Thy face, Lord, will I seek." Can you say, "Amen." You see that? And all of these scriptures that we have said, it's not that we're having to pray the power down. Tune my heart up. Can you say amen? Tune my heart. Tune me up. I came in once one service for my for my in-ear monitors and man they weren't working. So I ran I ran up to brother Nathaniel and and then they was they was working finally found out that I had hit I hit a button here on my on my side and I wasn't in the same channel. So, it was all just real static. And I'm thinking, "Oh no, man. My my monitors went dead. After I fixed my little device up, I could hear again." Praise the Lord. Well, wasn't this one of the strangest, weirdest messages you've ever heard? Amen. Bless the Lord. God works on both ends. God works on both ends. No, no, it's not God. God sent his messenger to us. The anointing is here. And I'm going to water. I'm going to water the word and that anointing. And that word and that anointing is the power that's going to take me into a rapture. I want to surrender. And I I I I if there's if there's someone here today that says, "Brother Windle, I've given my heart to the Lord, but I've not surrendered." It it's it's it's it's the it's It's that something on the inside that is screaming out that I need you so much. Reason the reason you've brought me here is because you love me. The reason I'm in this church service here this morning is because you love me. You must love me because you moved upon the preacher to preach this sermon for me to hear this morning. I want to take his yoke upon me. I want to learn of him. Amen. God bless you. Kobe, can we sing that that that old song? I surrender all. I surrender all. I [Music] surrender all. All to thee, my [Music] blessed Savior, I surrender. Is that your prayer here this morning? Oh, I surrender. Oh, I surrender, Lord. I surrender all to thee. Oh, I surrender. I surrender. Hallelujah. [Music] I take all of me. I don't want no crutches. I don't want a crutch. Well, I I'll serve you as long as I got this crutch. I I I'll serve you as long as I I'm burning my bridges. Take all of my crutches away. I want to follow you, Lord, from my heart. I need you. I want to love you because I really love you. Not because I want circumstances to go a certain way. I'm not going to say I'll serve you if you do this and you do that. No, I'm going to hell if Everything about me lost if I don't have [Music] you. I don't want to even sit in a pew and be a church member. That's not what you've called me to be. That's not the design that you have. I want to water. I want to water your word. I want to water your power. I love you, Lord. Wash me. Cleanse my heart. Give me that grace. Oh, supernatural God. Oh Jesus, we love you. Oh Jesus, we love you. We thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Take all of me. Take every bit of me, Lord. Take every bit of me. Take take my mind. Take my motives. Take my desires. Take my sins. Take my good intentions. Take them off from me, Lord. I love you, Lord Jesus. I love you, Lord Jesus. Oh God, we thank you, Father. Oh yes. Is there anyone else that needs to be kneeling in reverence before God today? Is there anyone else that needs to be saying, "Lord, I want to humble my heart toward you. I want you to know who I am. I want you to know that I love you. I want to surrender everything I am to you. I want your grace to be upon me. I need you more than I need breath. I need you more than I need anything. I need you, Lord. I need you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, we thank you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, your presence is wonderful, Lord. Hallowed be thy name. Exalted is thy name. [Music] Holy is your name. Undefiled is your name. Righteous my ever loving father, my savior. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Thank you Jesus. Now I [Music] surrender [Music] all to himless. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, rightous. [Music] We love you. Take this preacher Lord. Help me. I need Jesus. We need you in our thought process. We need you in our attitudes. We need you. Oh, thank you. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. [Music] You are my You are my You my I want to give you a dream. [Music] both. I'm going to give water to your spirit. You gave your life for me. Made everything. You are my [Music] will. You are my everything. You are my all. You are my everything, both great and small. You gave your life for me. Made everything [Music] new. You are my Yes. Yes. Yes. Will Oh, hallelujah. Some folks may ask me, some folks may say, "Who is this Jesus?" You you talk about every day. He's my savior. I can't love him enough. He set me free. I love him so much. while I tell you oh just what he means to me. Oh yes, you are [Music] mine. Oh, sing it from your hearts. I love you, Jesus. I love you, Jesus. I love you, Jesus. I worship you, Lord. I worship you, Lord, both great and small. You gave your life for me. Made everything [Music] new. You are my everything. Grace, grace. God's grace. Grace that still pardens and cleans within all grace. [Music] God's grace. Grace that is greater than all. Oh, let's sing it again now. [Music] Grace, I love you. I love you, Lord. God's grace, grace that still pardens and cleans [Music] within. [Music] Grace, grace, grace, grace. God's grace. Praise that is greater than all. Praise the Lord. Don't you just love me? I love you here this morning. Well, glory to God. Glory to God. Bless the Lord. What about that song? I keep falling in love with you. I keep falling in love with you over and over. Over and over again. I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. He gets sweeter and sweeter. Days go by. Oh, what a love between my Lord and I. Falling in love with you. God bless you. [Music] Oh, when I first fell in love with Jesus, I gave him all my heart. I found good. I did right at the start. When I look back over the mountains at the valleys where I've been. Oh, it makes me know I love you so much more. Oh, I love you. I keep falling in love over and over, over and over again. I keep falling in love over and over and over and over again. He gets sweeter and sweeter. The days go by. Oh, what a love between my Lord and I. I keep ping over and over and over again. Well, I keep God bless you. Over and over, over and over again. I keep fall over and over and over and over again. He gets sweeter and sweeter as the days go by. Oh, what a love between my Lord and I. Keep falling in love with over and over. Over and over again. I keep falling in love with you. Over and over. Over and over again, I keep falling in love with him. Over and over and over and over again, he gets sweeter and sweeter. The days go by. Oh, what a love to my Lord. And I keep falling in love over and over, over and over again. When I first fell in love with Jesus, I gave him all my heart. I thought I could not love you more than I did right at the start. But now I look back over the mountains and the valley is where I've been. It makes me know I love him so much more than I did. I keep falling in love with you over and over and over again. I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. He gets sweeter and sweeter as the days go by. Oh, what a love to see my Lord and I keep falling in love with him over and over, over and over again. Oh, I keep fall over and over and over again. I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. He gets sweeter and sweeter as the days go by. Oh, what a love my Lord and I keep falling in love with over and over. over and over
