################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-29 - 2025-06-29 Bro Jonathan Martin "This Is Our Victory, Even Our Faith" - Jonathan Martin - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-29
Title:   2025-06-29 Bro Jonathan Martin "This Is Our Victory, Even Our Faith"
Speaker: Jonathan Martin
Church:  New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b33t7TuZDP8
========================================

Hide me from the rain. My God is awome. He broke straight where I am forever. He will reign. My God is awome. He's awesome. He's awome. So awesome. My God is awesome. Savior of the whole world, the giver of salvation. It's by his stripes I'm here. My God is awome. I stand for his grace. It's why I'm living. I'll praise his holy name. My God is awome. Awesome. Lord, you're so awome. You're awesome. My God is awome. He can move the mountain. He keeps me through my valley. hides me from the rain. My God is awome. Heals me when I am broken. Give strength where I am weak forever. He will reign. My God is awome. He's awome. Lord, you're so awome. You're awesome. My God is awome. Savior of the whole world and giver of salvation. It's by his stripes I'm healed. My God is a grace. I'll praise his holy name. My God is awome. Awesome. Awome. My God is awome. He's awesome. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's awome. So awesome. He's my healer. My healer. My healer. My healer. is awome. You're awesome. You're my provider. Provider. Provider. Provider. You're awome. You're awesome. My God is awesome. He can move your mountain. you through the valley and hide from the rain. My God is awome. Heals me when I'm broken. Gives strength where I am weak forever. He will reign. My God is awome. He's awesome. He's awome. So awesome. My God is awome. Savior of the whole world. The giver of salvation. It's by his stripes I'm here. My God is awesome today. I am forgiving. His grace is why I'm living. I'll praise his holy name. My God is awome. He's awesome. He's awome. So awesome. He's great. He's great. He's great. He's great. He's awome. So awesome. My deliverer. Deliverer. Deliverer. Deliverer is awome. So awesome. My God is awesome. He's awesome. Awome. He's awesome. Our God is awome. Oh, he's awesome. Lord, you're so awome. You're awesome. Our God is awesome. [Music] He's got it true. [Music] Put that reassur in my soul. He's got it all in control. He's got it all in control. [Music] That reassuring way down in my soul. He's got it all in control. I place my life. I [Music] travel in his place, my life. [Music] My father knows what I need. My father knows what I need. [Music] No matter what I go through, he knows what's best for me. [Music] My father knows what I need. He's got it all in control. God's got it all in control. He put that reassur way down in my soul. [Music] He's got it all in control. Oh, I [Music] Lord I [Music] know it's in your I [Music] knows what I need. My father knows what I need. [Music] No matter what I go through, he knows what's best for me. [Music] My father knows what I need. [Music] My father knows what I need. [Music] My father knows what I need. So no matter what I go through, he knows what's best for me. [Music] My father knows what I need. [Music] He's been good through it all. He's always there for me. God's been good to me. I have known the father care for me. Oh, he's been good. He's been good through it all. He's always there for me. My God's been good to me [Music] through the storm, through the night. Oh, come one day, everything will be all right. I have known the father's care for me. Yes, he's been good to me. I have known the father care for me. Oh, he's been good. He's been so good. good through it all. He's always there for me. My God's been good to me. I have known the Father's care for me. He's been good. He's been good through it all. He's always there for me. God's been good to me all through the storms and through the night. Come what may. Everything will be all right. I've known the Father's care for me. God's been good to me. One more time. Well, I have known the Father's care for me. He's been good. He's been good through it all. He's always there for me. God's been good to me. Oh, God's been good to me. Can you testify of the goodness of God? I am a witness. Amen. Of his love and mercy and majesty and healing power. Amen. I can say God has been good to me. Amen. And if he did it one time, he'll do it again. Those requirements are met. Amen. The God that cannot change. Amen. Will meet that need every time. Amen. So, are you got confidence in that this morning? As we go to prayer, ask brother Harry to come and open up the service. Amen. Just good to see everybody. Amen. And I saw on the WhatsApp that brother Mike has uh taken sister Denise to the emergency room. Amen. This morning. So let's remember her. Sister Denise this morning. U some something some kind of blood issue or something. Uh what was it? Infection or whatever. So let's remember her and Amen. any others. Amen. that are sick and afflicted among us this morning. Amen. If you have an unspoken need, want you to lift your hands to God who who sees and if he's answered prayer for one a hand that's raised. Amen. He'll do it again. You believe that this morning? Let's go to prayer. Amen. Brother Harry, God bless you. Lord Jesus, we come into your presence, Lord. And Lord, we know that that all things come from you, Lord. You're the one who provides healing, Lord. You're the one who provides everything, Lord. There's we can't even take the time to list it all, Lord. But Lord, we lift before you these that have come before you with their with their needs, Lord. for for sister Denise, Lord, as she's being transferred to this other hospital because of this infection that the antibiotics just aren't don't seem to be doing anything with, Lord. Lord, we pray that you would just move on the scene right now, Lord. That you would touch her body, Lord. That you would, Lord, purge it of that infection, Lord. allow her, allow her just to be to regain her strength, Lord, to May she just increase her faith, Lord, that she could grab hold of her of her healing right now, Lord. Be with her and brother Mike in a special way today, Lord, as they're not here with us. May they just feel your presence throughout the day today, Lord, knowing that you're there with them, Lord. Lord, we lift before you the so many others in our church, Lord, that that need healing right now, Lord. We pray that you would be with Sister Angie, Lord, and and Sister Thelma and Brother Donald, Lord, and Lord, Brother Duran, Lord, and Lord, we pray that you would, Lord, you know the the needs for each one, Lord. We don't need to to list them all once more, but Lord, we pray that you would move on the scene for each one, Lord. That you would strengthen their bodies, Lord. Help them to recover from the procedures and the the the things that they're battling, Lord. May you just strengthen them and lift them back up, Lord. Lord, we come into your presence this morning, Lord, as needy people, Lord. There there are things that are they're whirling around our our minds, Lord. There their problems, their spirits trying to oppress their their situations, Lord. And Lord, we pray that you would just move on the scene. That you would take everything in this building under your control, Lord Jesus. That Lord, you would drive away the the spirits that would try to hold us back, Lord. That you would help us to to set aside the concerns and the cares of life, Lord. And Lord, may we enter into to worship you, Lord. May we enter into to praise you, Lord, because because you are the one who provides all things, Lord. You are the one who meets all of our needs, Lord. You are the one who is there for us in every situation, in every thing that we may face and we may deal with, Lord. Lord, help us to to enter into your worship, to praise you, Lord. And Lord, help us to to pull on the gift of your servant, Lord, as he would come forth to minister. May you just may you just feed us in a special way this morning, Lord. May you meet the needs of every heart here, Lord. That we would walk away knowing that though the devil may have tried to to prevent us from getting something from you, that you were still the on time God, Lord. That you were still the one who who met us, who who spoke to us, Lord, and that we've left after being in your presence, Lord. We just thank you for all that you do for us. And we just commit the remainder of the service into your hands. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Boy, as you turn around and shake a hand. Amen. Sing this chorus with me. This is the day. This is the day that the Lord has made. That the Lord has made. I will rejoice. We will rejoice and be glad in it. And be glad in it. This is the day that the Lord has made. We will rejoice and be glad in it. This is the day. This is the day that the Lord has made. This is the day. This is the day that the Lord has made. That the Lord has made. We will rejoice. We will rejoice and be glad in it and be glad in it. This is the day that the Lord has made. Come and rejoice and be glad in it. This is the day. This is the day that the Lord has made. Oh, this is the day. This is the day that the Lord has made that the Lord has made. Come and rejoice. Come and rejoice and be glad in it. And be glad in it. This is the day that the Lord has made. Come and rejoice and be glad in it. This is the day. This is the day that the Lord has made. [Music] I've got victory. You might have to help me over the enemy. And this world can't do me no harm. Well, I've got victory over the enmy [Music] and the world can't do me no harm. Well, I've got victory over the enemy. And this world can't do me no harm. I've got victory [Music] over the enemy and the world. We got another verse. do me no harm. Help me, brother Kobe. The enemy and looks waiting for me to fall. Gone through the valley of the shadow of death. And I don't fear no evil at all. got victory over the enemy [Music] and the world can't do me no harm. [Music] I've got victory over the enemy and the world. Oh, let's try that verse again. The enemy stands and looks, waiting for me to fall. But I've gone through the valley of the shadow of death. And I don't fear no evil at all. I've got victory [Music] over the enemy and the world can't do me no harm. I've got victory [Applause] over the enemy and this world can do me no harm. Can you praise him? Wow. Praise be to God who gives us the victory. And if that same spirit dwells in me, dwelt in him, it'll quicken this mortal body. Let's do that and see this morning. Amen. If that same spirit that raised Christ dwell in you or dwell in you, [Music] if that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you, you'll have victory this morning. Oh, it will quicken your mortal body. If that spirit dwells in you, it will quicken your mortal body. If that spirit dwells in you, if that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead, oh, it's overcoming power dwell in you. Oh, if that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you. Oh, dwell in you. Oh, it will quicken this mortal body. If that spirit dwells in you, well, it will quicken your mortal body. If that spirit, oh, sing that first verse again as they come for the offering. If that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you, oh, it's in the bride of Jesus Christ. Oh, if that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you, you can't help it, but praise him. Oh, it will quicken your mortal body. If that spirit dwells in you, it shall quicken your mortal body. If that spirit dwells in you. Amen. Let's just bow our heads. Ask brother Caleb to bless the offering. Just a regular offering. Lord Jesus, we love you, Father. We want to thank you for everything for us, Father. We ask you to be in the remainder of this song service. We ask you to be with the man of God as he brings the word. you to bless these tithes and offerings. Amen. [Music] I have found a friend in Jesus. He's everything to me. He's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul. The lily of the valley. In him alone I see. All I need to cleanse and make me whole. In sorrow he's my comfort. In trouble he's my stay. He tells me every care on him to roll. Hallelujah. He's the lily of the valley, the bright and morning star. He's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul. He all my griefs has taken and all my sorrows torn in temptation. He's my strong and mighty town. I have hope for him forsaken and all my idols to now he keeps me by his power. And though all the world forsake me and Satan tempts me so through Jesus I shall safely reach the goal. Hallelujah. He's the lily of the valley, the bright and morning star in tempest of 10,000. One more verse. He will never never leave me nor yet forsake me here while I live by faith to his blessed will. Oh, the fire about me. I've nothing now to fear. With his mana, he my hungry soul sit. And then sweeping up to glory to see his blessed face where rivers of delight shall ever roll. Hallelujah. He's the lily of the valley, the bright and morning star, the stuff 10,000 to my soul. Amen. Is he still the fairest of 10,000 to your soul? Amen. Well, he can be. Amen. You can be renewed this morning. Amen. in your mind and your spirit and your soul. Amen. I'm so thankful for that this morning. Amen. Blessing that your presence is heavenly. Amen. Who is like you, Lord, in all the earth? A matchous love and beauty, endless worth. Always the fairest of all. Nothing in this world can satisfy. I've tried a lot. But Jesus, you're the cup that won't run dry. Your presence is heaven. Oh, to me. [Music] Oh, your presence is heaven. Oh, he fillth all in all this morning. Oh, and treasure of my heart and of my soul. In my weakness, you are. Oh, I don't have the words, but I say redeemer of my past and present wrong. You're the holder of my future days to come. And your presence is heaven to me. Lo praise is it. Oh, give me a heavenly language, Lord, to praise you. Oh, and all my days on earth thy will await. Oh, lift up your head is the moment that I see you. Oh, let the redeemed say, "For nothing in this world can satisfy." Oh Jesus, you're the cup. Oh, lift up your heads, little bride. Your presence is heaven to me. [Music] Oh, your praise is heaven [Music] to me. [Music] Can you praise him this morning? Don't you feel his presence this morning? He'll go wherever he's invited. If he does isn't with you this morning, you have to give him an invitation. That's all I can say. Amen. And Jesus keeps all his appointments, Brother Wendell. Amen. He never disappoints. Amen. His presence has been heaven to me. How many can say that this morning? Amen. Well, it's so good to have in our presence. Amen. Some more of the Martins. Amen. I look around, I see Martins everywhere. [Applause] Amen. They even changed their name from Applegate to Martin. Brother Wendell. Amen. And Laura told uh told uh Adam before he was when he was a teenager that he needed to take one for the team and and and get change a Martin's name to Apple. Amen. It's so good to have brother Jonathan and sister Laura Martin from Limo, Ohio. She's my oldest daughter. If uh no one somebody doesn't know that. Amen. Right back here. Amen. Jonathan's my first in-law, first son-in-law. So, I was inexperienced as a father-in-law, but I learned a lot from Brother Jonathan, and it's so good to have him in the family. Amen. And be with us this morning. He's going to preach the gospel. Amen. How many appreciates, brother Jonathan, and his ministry. Amen. Got uh, of course, Zion's married now, but uh, got the oldest son, Nathaniel. Next in line is Wesley. Next in line is Benjamin. And last but not least is Andrew right back here. Give him a hand. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, amen. So, looking forward to what God has for us this morning. I'm hoping that she has a song this morning or she's got one. Okay. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, let's just continue to praise the Lord. Amen. I just got this song on my heart. Amazing love. Amen. Also, Amazing Love, how can it be that you, my king, would die for me. Amazing love. Now I I know it's true [Music] and it's my joy to honor you in all I do. I honor you. Oh Jesus, you. You are my king. Oh Jesus, you are my king. Oh Jesus, you are my king. Oh Jesus, you [Music] are my king. Oh amazing love. Now I know it's true. It's my joy to all. I'm so I glad I fell in love with my king. Amazing love. [Music] And it's my joy to honor you in all I do. I honor you. Oh Jesus, you are my king. Oh Jesus, you are my king. Oh Jesus, you are my king. Lord Jesus, you. He's the Lord of Lords and King of Kings. Oh, amazing love. I'm How can it be that you, my King, would die for me? Amazing love. I know it's true. And it's my joy to honor you. In all I do. I honor you. In all I do. In all I do. I honor you. Can you honor him with your praise this morning? You are our king. Amen. Lord over everything. Amen. He is the king of kings and the lord of lords. You may be seated this morning. I didn't get chance to ask brother Kobe, but I just felt love felt led to or I believe I'm led to ask him to sing uh Champion of Love this morning. Plus, he's got another song that he's been working on this morning. So, God bless you, brother Kobe. Bless the Lord. Ladies and gentlemen, may I have your attention? I'd like to introduce to you in this corner of the good and the right stand the champion rob his exceeds the heavens. His weight outweighs the world. His reach, well, it reaches everywhere. And his age is forever more. He is higher than the highest, greater than the great. No one can ever take his crown away. He's more mighty than the mightiest and he from above. [Music] He's the alltime undisputed undefeated champion of love. [Music] Oh, he left his hometown to enter in this arena to raise his head in victory for you and me. Oh, but the angry crowd they crucified the king that bore their crown. And I gladly watch my champion go down. Oh, but I will never count him out. For I'm a witness of the day he rose to proclaim that title champion of love. He is higher than the highest, greater than the great. No one can ever take his crown away. [Music] He's more mighty than the mightiest and he from above. He's the alltime undisputed undefeated champion of love. Can you help me sing it now? Oh, he is a higher than the highest, greater than the great. No one can ever take his crown away. He's more mighty than the mightiest and he from above. [Music] He's the alltime undisputed undefeated champion. You know, sing it again, brother Kobe. Oh, he is a highest. Amen. He's made you more than a You can believe it. Receive it. He's more mighty than the mightiest and he reigns from above. [Music] He's the alltime undisputed undefeated champion of love. Oh, give him a praise. I'm on the winning side. Amen. Amen. And the devil can't do anything about it, Sister Carol. Amen. We've been made more than conquerors through him who loved us, gave himself for us. Amen. He's the alltime undefeated, undisputed champion of love. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you, brother Kobe. That's just such an inspirational song and nobody better to sing it than you. Amen. So, God bless you. Amen. Let's as we sing turn the service to our pastor. Amen. Just another little song on my heart indeed. Amen. I call you holy. Amen. I call you holy. Your name is holy. You are so holy to me. I call you holy. Your name is holy. Holy. You are holy. You'll be. I call you faithful. Your name is faithful. You are so faithful to me. I call you faithful. Your name is faithful. Faithful. You are faithful. You'll be. I call you righteous. Your name is righteous. You are so righteous to me. I call you righteous. Your name is righteous. Righteous you are. Righteous you'll be. I call you awesome. Your name is awesome. You are so awesome to me. I call you awesome. Your name is awesome. Awesome you are. Oh, we got another verse. Well, I call you he. How many can say that? Name is healer. You are [Music] here. Oh, I come love. Your name is all [Music] that to me. [Music] Your name is all all that you are. All that you be. [Music] Well, hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm so glad for the Lord Jesus. Amen. Are you glad you're a Christian here this morning? Good to see everyone here in the house of the Lord. Amen. And um the Lord has been uh good to us this week. And and um uh today is actually uh brother Daniel. Where's brother? Oh, there's brother Daniel. Brother brother Daniel Cochran's birthday. So you're So you're 10 years old today. 10 years old. So we sure love brother Daniel and we wish him a very happy birthday today. God bless you buddy. And then also today is sister Khalila's birthday and we wish sister Khalila a very happy birthday and um we sure love our sister Kala and so thankful for the gift of God in her life. I just pray that that she is uh richly blessed today. Brother Kobe's birthday was yesterday. And uh how many loves brother Kobe? So we appreciate brother Kobe. Love him uh very much. And and what a tremendous blessing you are to all of us, brother Kobe. And we just say God richly bless you today. And uh just wish wish the we we just pray God's blessings on all three of you. Uh may the Lord just bless y'all greater than he's ever blessed you before. Praise the Lord. And uh you know uh we've got a lot to be thankful for, too. We um of course we see brother um um brother Donald he he's um uh came through his surgery and see this is uh going to be what two weeks or is it been is it two weeks three weeks two weeks Tuesday week and five days a week and five days and he was already uh he's already here is he doing okay yeah he had to get Okay. Okay. So, it's it's good to see what God has done for brother Donald. I mean, this has been amazing. We thank God for that and we want to continue praying for our our brother Donald and um Sister Thelma sitting back there. She had her gallbladder surgery and uh so we say God bless you, Sister Thelma. Good to see you here this morning. And um let's see, she you you had gallbladder surgery, I believe, on uh Tuesday. And um so we're just really thankful to to see um your progressing and your healing. And um we we sure love Sister Thelma. And then I I seen I thought I seen Sister Angie here. Oh, she's in the nursery. Okay. Um uh she had surgery uh this week and so we're glad to see her here and thankful for God's hand upon her and um so we have a lot to be thankful for here today. Amen. God's God's been good to us and um you know, we're just we're thankful that we that we have a a father who loves us and and knows us and and he's got us in in his mind. And I wonder if we could just sing that as we uh start preparing for brother Jonathan to come. Um and um we'll just sing that song, I have a father. and um but we're so blessed to have brother Jonathan and sister Laura and the youngans and uh and and so we're we're just blessed to to have them here uh this morning. And and I I told Brother Jonathan, sing all he wants, preach all he wants, testify. I told him he's boss. Amen. just just just as long as he's listening to the Lord, it'll it's just going to be wonderful this morning. And um uh so how how many's how many's wanting to hear some songs and and and preaching and testifying. Amen. And so uh we're just we're we're just looking forward to it. Brother Jonathan is very special to us. um just a wonderful man of God and um I am I'm just blessed to have him here this morning. And uh I'm I'm sort of glad mom and dad is not living in Arizona or we would never get to see my siblings. They'd be going that way instead of here. But since mom lives here, they come to Pawne. Amen. And uh and so uh we're we're we're so we're so thankful to uh to God's to God's grace. And I guess there's another pull here too, Sister Leah. I wouldn't think about that. Sister Leah. Amen. And u but uh so we sure we're we're just it's like a homecoming here this morning. And so let's just all uh let's just all enjoy ourselves in the presence of the Lord. And I know God's got got something special for everyone. Amen. I have a father. [Music] He knows his. [Music] He'll never leave me. No man. Oh yeah. He knows my name. Jesus. He knows my end. He sees each tear that falls and he hears me when Oh yeah, I have a Aren't you glad for that this morning? He formed my heart even before even time [Music] my life. Hallelujah. Oh [Music] he knows. Praise the Lord. God bless you. [Music] hears me when I call. Aren't you glad you can sing a song like that? He knows your name. Knows everything about us. He's very interested in his children. and he's a very loving father and very merciful high priest and it's just good to be uh with you this morning and God richly bless everyone and uh it really is a uh a homecoming. Uh we've just got uh family and friends that uh we love dearly and uh just always such a real joy to be able to come home and get to see everyone. And uh we've had just uh my we've we've been in the battle through the years and we've seen God do some great victories and uh a lot of times we we may have felt like uh like we were going to throw in the towel at times, but uh God's always come through. He's always given us the strength and he's always given us the victory and and uh given us his grace to get back up on our feet. uh you know uh you can't replace those things. Uh you you can't replace real uh friendship that's been forged in the fire. you know, uh that that you've been in the battle and you know that God, uh God is merciful and he's powerful and he's mighty and and uh you just uh you know, just can't wait until we just go beyond the curtain of time and we can set by the river of life and, you know, under the shade tree and and uh put our feet in that water and just sit back and relax and just talk about how we overcome and how good God is to us and how he's been faithful through it all. And uh so you can be seated. Uh we definitely deem it a real privilege and appreciate uh uh your pastor and brother Wendell and uh just uh the the confidence to have us this morning. And I'm going to ask my wife if she would come. Uh, I think it was requested for us to sing uh uh May I be renewed. Uh, I think G. You want me to sing with this this mic or you want me to get another one? This one works. [Music] Lord, sometimes it's hard to see and my vision grows blurry. The purpose for my life just fades from view. Oh Lord, help me to find a place I can go and steal away. Till the side I lost has been renewed to me. May I be renewed [Music] as an eagle to it you. May my eyes be fixed on heaven till this world just fades from view. Take me places I've never gone before that I fulfilled the purpose. [Music] I was sent to earth for oh I heard an eagle scream as she soared on the wind soaring higher and higher on outstretched wings. [Music] You know, it was then I realized that I belonged in those same heights. If I could only gain the string that I need. May I be renewed [Music] as an eagle to its you. Oh may my eyes be fixed on heaven till this world just fades from view. Lord, take me places [Music] I've never gone before [Music] that I fulfilled the purpose. [Music] I was sent to earth for. Oh, I heard an eagle string as she soared on the wind. Oh, she was soaring higher and higher on outstretched wings. Oh, you know it was there. I realized that I belong in those same heights. If I could only gain the strength that I need. May I be renewed [Music] as an eagle to it. Oh, may my eyes be fixed on heaven till this world just fades from you. Lord, take me places I've never gone before that I fulfilled the purpose. [Music] I was sent to work for all that I fulfilled the purpose [Music] I was sent to work for. Hallelujah. [Applause] Aren't you God? Aren't you glad that God has got a place of refreshing and a cave somewhere that we can get away with the Lord and and just get a renewing? And I believe that uh God's got a place for every Christian uh to renew themselves and the power of his might and and uh to get, you know, just to get fresh growth and fresh feathers and uh just uh to get get renewed in the Holy Spirit and soar back into the heavenlies and and uh there was a promise of that in this age. and he promised times and season of refreshing and and uh I'm so glad that we're living in that in that time. Amen. And uh maybe the boys will get a a song or something for this evening. Uh Nita they they uh I I think it was their sister that always kind of cracked a whip to get them to to sing. And uh so uh but but maybe they'll get something uh for this evening. And but uh if you have your Bibles uh 1 John the 5th chapter the 4th verse and we're just going to read one portion of scripture. We're so glad uh brother Donald that God seen you through that surgery and and uh we just a lot of lot of prayers going your direction. We sure we're sure love you. You know, I was thinking back uh I was telling my wife the other day, I I said, you know, Brother Donald, I before I even uh considered myself a preacher, just a kid. Uh but uh brother Donald was very kind and patient and uh I I remember just being maybe a 15year-old boy uh sitting down and and talking with brother Donald and we had talk about the things of the Lord and I would tell him all of my you know all of my revelations and how the Lord was uh dealing with me and he would sit there and so kind and patience and patient and as if it was just the greatest thing and and so uh brother Donald's always had a real special place in my heart and love him very much and and he and aunt Angie uh seen God do some great things and in their lives and and uh so just very very appreciative love them and uh so first John the 5th chapter the fourth verse for whatsoever is born of God overcometh the world. And this is the victory that overcomemeth the world, even our faith. And I would like to uh just take a text from this and make it personal that this is uh the victory. This is our victory that overcomemeth the world, even our faith. This is our victory. Even our faith. And let's just bow our hearts in a word of prayer. Maybe you'd like to be remembered this morning. And if you want to just lift your hand, you're welcome to. Heavenly Father, we we identify as your children. Lord, we've experienced your love and the visitation of your Holy Spirit upon our lives. What a work you have wrought in our lives, Lord. The change that has taken place. And Lord, the change in direction, the change in thought, the change in desire. Lord, we can't thank you enough. We can't worship you enough, Father. There's not enough songs that we could sing to express our appreciation how far you've brought us and where you're taking us. And Lord, just to be able to follow your leadership in this age and realizing that we're in the the greatest of ages, the greatest of ours. This is an exodus that you're leading us into all the promises of God and a real rapture and translation and waiting for the change of our bodies. I ask, Father, that you would minister to your children. That you would bless them. Father, you see their hearts. you see the needs under the hands and I pray God that you would strengthen them and and visit them this morning and just give them a real a fresh dose of that refreshment. We would ask Lord in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen and amen. God richly bless you. You can be seated uh just reading uh this portion of scripture out of 1 John the 5th chapter and the fourth verse and that this is the victory that overcometh the world even our faith and I've been uh listening to the sermon that brother Brandham preached along uh taking this uh text from this scripture that faith is our victory and uh brother Brandon would begin to show uh that there was different men throughout history uh such as uh Alexander the Great and uh Napoleon and when Hitler conquered uh France and and uh how that there was uh men in uh who who brought great victories and uh to to their nation and things and and yet we find that uh victory of that sort uh that type don't last. Uh and he says the reason for it is because it's not wrought right. Says you can never get good out of wrong. You've got to play the rule of the game fair. And and he would begin to talk about the Olympics or any other athletical exercises. says, "No matter if you arrive first in the race, but if you haven't played the game right, uh according to the rules, you're disqualified." He says, "You have to play the rule right." And then he would say, "That's the way it is with human life. You can't play the rules of the game of life wrong and expect to win. You've got to play it according to God's word and the purpose that you're that you were brought here for." He says there are so many people that doesn't seem to have any kind of a purpose in life and he would you know show that it seems like people uh their ambition is just uh it's a worldly ambition and it's just uh maybe to get a a better job to get a better car to get some more money in the bank and and uh the the ambition is to keep up with uh the world and to keep up with what's going on. What is the fashions? What what what uh what is uh something that uh is is uh present tense kind of I guess you would say uh what is fashionable, what the world likes and those things. He says but there's more to uh to ambition than that. uh the there's more uh our ambition should be more than just trying to uh fit in with the world or uh you know the fashions of the world. Uh he he would say that we've got to be more than just like a floater. He says it's like uh driftwood that is just going down uh you know the stream of life and and just floating just uh doesn't know where the stream is going to take you. Just floating and uh maybe go from this side of the bank to that side of the bank and nowhere no no no purpose no ambition just uh really doesn't know where you're going to end up in life. And and but brother Brandon begins to show that uh that if you give your life to Jesus Christ and who is the master uh craftsman, he he's the one that can take that same material uh that same log that's just floating down uh the stream of life. But someone with an intelligence can look and say, you know, I can make something out of that. and and then in the hands of that craftsman, he can begin to build a boat and put a motor on that boat and begin to give it direction and give it purpose and and and and show that there's an ambition about it. and he would, you know, he says you've you you've got to meet him as a masterpiece that he has worked on or a floating piece of driftwood to go into your final destination. So don't you use this life just to drift around and float around and get a better job and to dress better and and you know get a new television or a better car. Life means more than that. We find that we're just only passing through this life and and uh all of these other things that people can spend a a lifetime achieving great rewards and achieving great wealth and yet they're not going to take it with them. But the only thing that that really is going to satisfy the longing and desire of the human heart is Jesus Christ. So many are dissatisfied in life. So many are racing through life trying to get places and then they get there and then they're just as dissatisfied as they were when they were trying to get there. But they thought that getting maybe a certain job or getting a certain car would bring us satisfaction. And but we find that the the reason the world is so dissatisfied today is because they're failing to find that real satisfaction in Jesus Christ. And and so you know it seems even Christians are so dissatisfied with life and it's because disappointments come up and maybe their dreams uh become derailed and maybe home uh something comes along in their home life or maybe they be there's always looking out trying it's just that that real dream or that real something that they desire. is just always out of reach. But you see what God is wanting to satisfy the longing of our hearts is himself. Amen. He wants to be our portion. He wants to satisfy every every family. You know, there's there's rich people. There's poor people. And and there's rich people that are absolute god-fearing Christians. And then there's people that will never achieve that. But but that's not what we're looking at. What we're looking at is that Christ is the answer for every every home, every marriage, every boy, every girl. Christ is the one that can settle every heart. Don't be just a floater. Don't don't allow your faith just to float from one thing to another. and and then maybe you get disappointed and and and and then you think, well, does God love me? And and and does God really care for me? And and uh you know, and then we start looking at life as a failure. But but you see, our ambition has got to be more than that. Our ambition has got to be get a hold of Christ and never let him go. Hold on to the one who's called you and chosen you and called you out of the world. Called you out of just creeds and traditions and brought you to a real relationship with himself through the power of redemption. Because you see, that's the reason that God gave his life, shed his blood, is because he wants fellowship with us. Amen. And so God is God wants to make something of our life. And you know there the prophet of God would say there's not enough spirit touch in a in a meeting. He says you know we're we're getting people to church but we got to get them to Christ. There there's got to be more than just a good sermon. There's got to be more than just good song service. There's got to be more than just sitting on a message pew and saying God sent to a prophet and hearing even the great truths of the word. But we've got to have that real spirit touch of the move of the Holy Ghost in our lives to make the word effective in every heart to activate our faith. And our faith can take a hold of the promises of God and call those things that be not as though they are. and and and instead of just satisfied life, see the joy, the fruit of joy and the fruit of peace and the fruit of real longsuffering and patience and godliness and happiness and the Holy Ghost coming and blossoming in our life and we've got too many, you know, pro uh retractive meetings where we're just coming to church on a Sunday and we go out the door just like we came in. But we've got we we are in the greatest move and the greatest manifestation of the power of God the world has ever known. And we've got to treat this every day, every every second of our life that we are in an exodus. And God is leading us to the power of our the change of our bodies. Amen. And we've we've got to treat life more amen than just uh you know a happy happy golucky just just common just just you know just an ordinary thing. But let's just say what I believe that the prophet said it that we we are we are having we are we are a a natural being but we are we we are an eternal being in a physical time body but we are having a supernatural experience with almighty God. Amen. You see the prophet would say that's the purpose of the Holy Ghost. It's it's the father again. God the Father dwelling in you, working out his plans to finish his plan of redemption, working through you, making you a coworker with him, giving you a place, giving you a part for your fallen lost brother and sister, giving you his spirit and his love to go hunt the lost as he did in the Garden of Eden. Adam, Adam, where art thou? That's what the Holy Spirit does to a man or a woman. When it strikes into their heart and takes its abode, there's a thirst and a hungering for lost souls. That's what's the matter with the meetings today. There is not enough spirit touch in it to go for the souls of the lost and dying. Amen. You see, the prophet of God was saying in another way that there's got to be spirit worship. Amen. Not just a stagnated worship, but a real faith. Amen. A real living worship. Worship is more than just lifting your hands. And it's more than just singing songs. But worship is life. Amen. Worship is an everyday life that the Holy Ghost is is just manifesting, radiating light through our life. Written epistles manifesting the word for this age. Uh that he's not a dead God, but he's a living God. He's a God that can change lives. He's a God that can bring peace to the hurting heart. He's a God, amen, that can take the worst of the worst of the worst situations and transform that out of hopelessness and decay into something that has been transformed into the very likeness of God. That's who we are. That's the faith that is overcoming the world uh not just limping along through life. not just always sing of the blues. Uh, but this song of the blues should be done away with and we should replace it with the song of the redeemed that I once was lost but now I'm found. I was blind but now I see. I've got a testimony that I once was one way and now I'm another way. That is the real spirit worship. Spirit worship. a spirit touch of the Holy Ghost that can come from our life to another life and bring such a power that can change a lost soul. You see, it's got to be a genuine spirit worship with Christ among us, living his life the way that he wants to among us. You see the Bible says that we are more than conquerors through Christ Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. I think it was Ali and uh quite frankly I heard uh brother Michael speaking of him him and Sister Amy. He says that uh he's a conqueror but Sister Amy's more than a conqueror. I think he was saying, "Sister Amy, you get to spend his money." Something of that nature. But, you know, the story says I I believe it's Ali, you know, the the the greatest boxer that ever was, but he says, you know, but when he goes home with the paycheck and his wife, he's the one that has been in the ring and he's the one that's fought and he's the one that, you know, had to take the blows, but he went but but when he goes home with the paycheck, Amen. than his wife is more than a conqueror. Amen. I think that that's how we should view our life as as the queen of heaven. Amen. As joint hes with Christ Jesus. Amen. He he's he's the one that has already overcome the world. And because he is now living in your life and and and and it's a blank checkbook. Whatever you ask in my name, I will give it to you. Healing is not out of reach. Deliverance is not of out of reach. Refilling of the Holy Ghost is not out of reach because we are more than conquerors. He's already paid the price at Calvary. We are not beggars. We are not trying to just limp along through life and watching what is happening in Israel and Iran and Russia and Ukraine and the world falling apart all around us and we're just beggars and limping along. And where's our joy? Where's our peace? Where's our satisfaction and no motive and no purpose in life? But we are filled with the Holy Ghost. Uh we have been placed as adopted sons and daughters of God. Uh we have the title deed and the abstract to it. There's nothing against us. There's not one claim, not one lean against us. We are more than conquerors through Christ Jesus. Whatever we ask in his name, he promised to give it to us. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The prophet of God would say it like this. He says, "We've we've been we've been crafted by the masterpiece as the, you know, the master builder. We're a masterpiece. Just no longer just driftwood getting caught up in the, you know, getting getting caught up in the weeds by the water. But you see, if we ever get caught up in the weeds, but because we have been crafted and built and designed by God himself and he's put a motor, he's put the Holy Ghost behind us that anything we get into, we can get out of it. I tell you friends, a real Christian when he gets down on the mat, he doesn't stay down, he gets back up again. He's a man of vision. But he's a man of purpose. He's the believer that is conquering the world uh even by our faith uh that God has given us in this age. It's a revelation. It's the six sense. It's the Holy Ghost. It's what's moving and pushing us back into those deep waters. I just want to say, amen. If you feel like you're in some weeds or some thickets and you can't get out of it, I tell you, there's a power here this morning that can get you out of it. and get you back into the deep and put direction and put ambition in your life. Hallelujah. You see, we're more than conquerors. Amen. How did Jesus overcome the devil? By the word. You young people remember this. You've heard it probably a thousand, maybe more than that. But don't you ever let it become common. The way you defeat the devil is by the word. He can beat you up with your emotions. He can build you up. Beat you up by the way you feel. He can make you feel like a loser. He can make you feel like you're not worthy of heaven. He can make you feel like you're the worst of the worst sinners. Uh but I want you to know that the word says you are sons and daughters of God and he gave his life for you because God has an ambition for your future. And that is not, Amen. not to be an outcast, uh, not to be a loser, not to just be someone that doesn't have joy and doesn't have peace, uh, and is just barely getting by in life. Uh, but Jesus died for you. He shed his blood for you that you can see you have a purpose in this life to be an overcomer. To be a conqueror. Hallelujah. We got to learn how to conquer those emotions. Conquer those feelings. Conquer those mind battles. Conquer that confusion. Conquer those those things that is always trying to make to always lying on us. I tell you, your feelings is the worst liar that you've got. Anytime you say you confess that you're a son or a daughter of God, watch it. The devil will anoint your feelings and it'll lie to you. And you've got to take your God-given faith and cast that thing off of you. Cast that thing down and say, "I will not imagine. I will not reason with you, Satan. I know who I am. I've got a revelation of who I am. My satisfaction is in Jesus Christ. Yay, though he take me, I still will not I still will not deny him. Yay, though he slay me. Yay, though he take everything from me, I will not deny him. I see Christ. I see him lifted up through the vindicated message of the hour. I see that my conqueror is risen and I am risen with him. And I am more than a conqueror through Christ Jesus. Satan's army brings diseases. That's what Satan is. He's a destroyer. Satan's whole kingdom. This whole Eden that we're living in. Satan's own Eden is full of sickness, death, sorrow, frustrations, and worry. And it's all because of the power of Satan. But God's God's power is love, joy, peace, fulfillment, contentment in the Holy Ghost. I tell you, there's two powers. Now, I I know that this is very elementary to us, but let's just let's just deal with it now. There's two powers, and Satan's power is going to torment you. He torments you every day. He tries to talk you into suicide. He tries to talk you into confessing you're not a son of God. He tries to talk you into into into believing that you're no good and you're never going to make the rapture and you're never going to be good enough and you're always failing and you're always making mistakes and but you see that's Satan's power and that's a tormenting power that tor that spirit torments you and he'll torment you as long as you let him. The more you give into him, the more he torments. The more, Amen, you give away your joy. He takes more of it from you. He takes your peace. He takes your mind. He inflicts you with nervousness. He inflicts you with a disease of unbelief. But there's another power. It's the power of God. And he's got the Holy Ghost. And he's pouring in an exhaust, inexhaustible fountain of goodness, which is love. and peace and joy and contentment in the Holy Ghost. Uh there's a power that it's a warfare that is raging day and night. Satan is trying to take your peace and God is here to give you peace. Uh Satan is here to take your joy. But God is here to give you joy. Satan is here lying to you, saying you'll never go, you're never going to make the rapture. But the Holy Ghost is here saying, "I've already quickened you. I've already raptured you. I've already placed you in heavenly places in Christ Jesus, and there's no way you can miss it. The two great forces, the prophet of God says they're coming together right now. They're battling. They're battling right here in this church service right now, right in this building. They battled day by day with you, every force. Satan following you along. That great big kingly priestly Goliath trying to scare the liver out of you. My think of that every day that great kingly priestly Goliath and the bigger you make him, the more you allow him to get bigger, he's going to grow. The more you listen to him, the more you listen to his boast, the more you allow him to afflict your mind, afflict your heart. In the scripture, he's 9 foot and 9 foot 6 in, but he'll grow to be 30 feet, 40 feet, 100 feet. He'll grow to be Mount Everest. And it's a Mount Everest with a voice speaking back to you right in your mind, right in your spirit, tormenting you. But you see, Jesus said, "By faith, you can cast down mountains. By the faith of God, the same faith that created the universe. The same faith that put the worlds into into their orbits and the sun and the moon and the stars and placed them positionally. The Holy Ghost is here positionally placing the church in their orbit in heavenly places that they can take the faith of God and speak to that mountain. And I don't care if it's Mount Everest, it's demonic powers that is waring against your mind. Take the word of God and get some gumption about you and speak to that thing. Speak to that sickness. Speak to discouragement. Speak to fear. Speak to all of those things that is trying to rob you of your joy. [Music] You see, we're protected with the whole armor of God. breastplate of righteousness, shield of faith, the sword of the spirit, feed shot with the preparation of the gospel of peace. You say, "Well, what where where where do we get that whole armor?" It's the word of God. It's the word of God. That's our defense. Amen. When you're standing behind the word of God, that that's your shield of faith. That's your breastplate of righteousness. That is the thing that keeps the devil from tormenting you. It keeps the devil from your heart. It keeps the de devil out of your emotions because you judge that thing. Is that God or is that the devil? Because God doesn't come to bring condemnation. It's the devil that brings condemnation. God doesn't come to take away your joy. God comes to give you joy. And if he has to give you joy by bringing correction, he'll do it. But it's correction is never to destroy you. Correction is to get that tormenting spirit out of your life and free you from condemnation to bring you back to your joy, contentment. You see, Satan's army brings diseases. And God's army is commissioned to cast them out. Every time Satan throws something on you, God's army is to cast him out. In my name, you shall cast out devils. Those mind battles that are trying to tell you that you're not going to make it. It's a devil. I didn't say you're possessed with the devil. I'm saying it's the devil that's trying to anoint you and anoint your mind and anoint your spirit to reason against the word of God. Hallelujah. You see and now this is a little bit lengthy but I feel like reading it. You see the power that will raise us up is right in us now. Do you believe that? What what power is he talking about? It's the Holy Ghost. We are now in heavenly places. We are now in the power of the resurrection. If there wasn't a law to that, sons and daughters of God would create them a world out here and go live a private life on it. You have the power in you to do it. If you've got a shadow of the power of God in you, you got power to do it. God is omnipotent. You see what I mean? The power that's in you will make you could speak a world into existence and go live on it. Hallelujah. There you are. That's what power is in the church now. But it is controlled by a law and that law is not keeping a bunch of commandments. It's a law of faith. Jesus said all things are possible to them that believe. If you don't believe it, whatever God will lead your soul, and if you can believe it, whatever God will lead your soul to believe, that is yours. Amen. I want to read it again. Whatever God will lead your soul to believe, that is yours. Let let let me just put it in in my way of seeing it. Whatever you allow the Holy Ghost to lead you to believe that is yours because Jesus is here. The windows of heaven is open. The power of revelation has been released to the bride. But it's whatever you allow the Holy Ghost to lead you to believe that is your possession. You say, "Well, what do what do you mean by that?" Well, I'll tell you this. The Holy Ghost is our lead. He's our guide. It's the spirit of truth that is leading us into all truth. But the problem of it is is sometimes we've got doors in our heart that we won't open up so the Holy Ghost can come in and take control and and allow the and allow the word to have possession there. Got to open it up. We got to invite him in. Take over our pride. Take over the hurts. Take over our past. Take over devil spirits. Take over lust demons. Take over things that the devil is trying to root us into the world. And allow him to lead us to believe in total deliverance. Our redemptive rights being made manifest in our hearts. Every place the souls of your foot can set up set upon by faith, God gives it to you. It's yours. You possess it. If you can find the key to this law of faith that opens it to you, you see what I mean? That power is controlled by if you are a son of God, you're a daughter of God that never leaves you. It's with you all the time. What's with you all the time? The power that can create worlds. The power that can defeat the devil. The power that can bring joy into your life. peace in your life, real Holy Ghost revival in your life. It's with you all the time. I know this is very elementary to us, but it's what God gave me. It's with you all the time, but your faith gets away from it. But it's still there. When you are saved, God gives you faith to rise from the muck of the earth. Your faith overcomes the things of the world. What is your faith? Your faith in that act that God has did in you to make you a son of God. You quit your lying. You quit your stealing. You quit your drinking because your faith rises you up above it. If you don't do it, you don't have any faith. And by faith are you saved. And that through grace. as much as your faith will be released. That's how much power you can have because in you dwells the power to make heaven and earth. Well, how many will believe that? How many will stand upon that? Uh, amen. The revelation that God has released in this hour, amen, is to give you a conquering, overcoming faith. And faith is not a peacemaker. Faith uh is not just putting up with things. Uh faith is a conqueror. Faith is an overcomer. Faith stomps the devil. The thing that once held you, you stomp it under your feet. It's the conquering power of the Holy Ghost in your life. Hallelujah. It never leaves you. It's always there. But you've got to release your faith. You've got to let your faith be anointed. Let your faith be activated. Hallelujah. It's not God's will for us to be tormented. It's not God's will for us to live in fear. It's not God's will for us to have frustrations and nervousness and tension always holding us earthbound. We are conquerors. Hallelujah. Then what kind of people ought we to be having in having faith in this great redeeming Christ that lives in us? This smitten rock that never leaves the church. I am with you always even to the end of the world. The everpresence of the great gusher of salvation and power that poured forth from Calvary into the church. The everpresence of the living God. The great flowing smitten rock that goes with us in our journey. What are we to do? What what are we to do to that rock? Speak. Speak to that rock. He already died for us at Calvary, but now that gusher, the fountain of living water is just flowing, gushing from the word. And now we're walking. We're walking with him as Adam did before the fall. But now he's redeemed us. We've heard his voice. Adam, Adam, where art thou? And we've responded to the call. The opening of the word released our name. And we heard our name. And he said, "Come walk with me. Come. I've died for you. Now I claim you for redemption. I claim you for fellowship. I claim your hands. I claim your heart. I claim your mind. I claim everything about you. And now the book is in your hands. And it's in your mouth. And it's time that you claim your rights. Uh claim your joy. Claim your family. Claim your right. Claim your mind. Claim your heart. Claim what Jesus died for you at Calvary. You don't have to have a wounded spirit. You don't have to have a wounded heart. You don't have to have a jealous spirit. You can be free by the power of the Holy Ghost. We are born again. 1 Peter 1:23-2. being born again, not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible by the word of God, which liveth and abideth forever. For all flesh is as grass grass, that's what you're battling with daily. All flesh is as grass. That's that weary. That's the thing that tries to get into your spirit. That's that's that tormenting thing that that gets when you're all tired and weary and maybe fighting some nervousness from from having to work in the world or rub shoulders with the world and those spirits are trying to attach themselves to you. It's only because you're just grass that fadeth. You're you're this flesh. This flesh is not the real you. this flesh. You don't have your redeemed body yet, but there is a soul that was in the eternal thoughts of God that has been placed within this frail grass, this flesh that is withering daily. Daily, we're getting weaker daily. We struggle with this. But there is a word. We are born again not of corruption, but of the incorruptible word. seed and that is that which fights this. The soul that has been born again by the word is continually fighting this. Why do I fight weary? Why why do I fight the struggles? Why why do I fight what I fight? It's because your but just like grass that witherth. But God has placed a conqueror in you. This is what overcomes the world, even our faith. And our faith is the six sense. And the six sense is the Holy Ghost. And greater is he, the six sense that is in you, than he that's in this world. Greater is he that's in this flesh than the flesh itself. This flesh may die and go into the grave, but greater is the soul that's been redeemed, that's been quickened to life than the flesh that has taken its last breath and goes into the grave. The last breath in this body, you step into that theophony body with the next. All the glory of man is is as the flower of grass. The grass witherth, the flower thereof fallth away, but the word of the Lord endureth forever. And this is the word which by the gospel is preached unto you. I want you to catch that. Now I'm putting emphasis. The word of the Lord endureth forever. Our flesh is as grass. All the glory of man is as the flower of grass that that witherth and it fallth away. But the word of the Lord endureth forever. And that is the incorruptible seed that we are born by is the word that endureth forever. And this is the word which by the gospel is preached unto you. We are not preaching down to you according to your flesh. Down to you. Down to you. If you would stop this and stop that. If you'd be better if you do this and do that. No sir, we are not uh we are not looking at something that fadeth away that just witherth away. But we are looking at a divine promise. We are looking at a divine attribute. We are looking at an incorruptible word seed that you are born by. Hallelujah. The gospel that we preaching to you is not according to something that just fades away. It's a promise. We are preaching not to your flesh. We are preaching to your soul. It is the soul that is conquering the flesh and bringing it under subjection to the word that never will fail. Your health may fail. Your mind may fail. Your body may fail. But the word will never fail. Hallelujah. A person that the prophet of God says a person that has the Holy Ghost can actually go totally insane and do things that is not right. And it doesn't mean that they're not right or that they're lost. It doesn't mean that they're not lost. Oh, how the devil hates that. how the devil is continually trying to bring fear, trying to rule you with fear, trying to control you with fear, but I say down with fear and up with faith. We're not preaching a high breed gospel. We're not preaching a a gospel that is according to your works. We're preaching a restored gospel. We're resto we're we're preaching a gospel that's been restored back to the original seed. We are preaching a pure undefiled spoken word seed that is a perfect connection with your soul. Nothing else can fit in that soul but the word of God. It's the word coming to the word. Hallelujah. We're not preaching something that has no power, but we're preaching a creative word that cannot return void. It cannot return void. Just as just as there's snow on the mountains and then the summer comes and begins to melt the snow and then and then the water begins to fold down and and begins to water the crops and water the grass. And so it is the word. will not return void. For all things work according work together for good to them who love God. You may come against some mountains. You may come against some struggles. You may go against some great strains in life. But God has got some water out of the trial. He's got some water that comes and flows upon your soul and begins to bring forth exactly what he promised. I hope I'm not all over the place this morning. Out of the very thing the devil is saying it's going to defeat you is the very thing that God's going to bring a refreshment out of that smitten rock that's going to manifest the promises of God in your life. The very thing that Satan is trying to bring defeat, God brings forth life. We're not preaching a dead gospel. We're not preaching a gospel of a dead religion that has no spirit touch to it. But we believe that the mechanics and the dynamics have come together. And we have been waiting for seven church ages. There's been churches, churches, and brides and brides and churches and brides. But the prophet of God says there's coming one. And I believe that the prophet of God identify that the bride that has been created by this message is that one. We are not born by flesh and blood. We are born by the creative word of life. Hallelujah. This is a powerful gospel. This is a conquering overcoming gospel. This is a gospel that has healing and delivering and it sets the captives free gospel. This is not a gospel that is psychology that tries to teach you how to cope with life. This is a this is a cycle breaking gospel. This is a This is a gospel that breaks the curses off of lives. It breaks the curses off of families. It It breaks the strongholds of the devil where it passes down from generation to generation. But there's one that stands up and says, "For me in my house, the cycle is broke." As for me in my house, I'm looking at the blood that is flowing from Calvar's flow. And I'm saying the blood of Calvary breaks the curse. [Music] I'm not looking to flesh and blood any longer. I'm looking at the faith that's been born into my soul and I break in the kind the curse. I'm going to say it like brother Wayne. You know, I was actually looking it up and you know, you're you're you're born in a certain month and you're born under a certain consolation. What am I July? Cancer. Yeah. You know, I looked it up and July is cancer and it has different things, you know, and you look it up and you're thinking, "Wow." But I like what I just heard, Brother Wayne. He says, "I'm he says he looked at that cloud and he says, I'm I'm I'm glad that the prophet of God called that a consolation." He says, "Because I've been born not of a natural consolation, but I've been born again of another consolation." That's my daddy. I've been born under the message. I don't have to look at my natural physical identity and say, "Well, well, I've got to have this and I'm going to be this and I'm going to and I can tell you and just put up with things." I say, "We're a cycle breaking people. We're a bloodbot, holy ghostfilled cycle breaking church of the living God that does that when the devil torn me and say you're going to have a temper just like your daddy had a temper. You stand up and say I've been born of another consolation. I born of another daddy and I rebuke that spirit. I stand upon the head of that giant and I say Satan, you don't have enough. I got to put up with this and I got to put up with this and well it's his passion run to my family. No, it doesn't have to control you. Cover yourself with a bleach of the Holy Ghost and have courage to speak the word over your life. Break that thing. It's a positive gospel, not a negative gospel. positive gospel. We're not a negative people singing the blues all the time. Woe is me. Where's my joy? Where's my happiness? Where's my family? Where's this? Where's that? I wish people love me. Bury the thing and be resurrected in Christ. Cast down emotions. Cast down reasoning. But Paul said, "I've died daily. That thing's going to try to come back and you're going to have to keep him dead." Paul said, "I'm not ashamed of the gospel, for it is the power of God unto salvation to everyone that believes." He didn't exclude anyone. It's to the Greeks. It's to the Jews. It's to this group. It's to that group. It's to this ethical. It's to It's to whatever nation. It's to the believer. And Paul said, "I've seen it done. I'm not ashamed of the gospel. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. And the prophet of God. Amen. Jewel. I believe I believe it's Joel. The second chapter, he's of the time of restitution of all things. And he says, Amen. When the Holy Ghost is being poured out, the refreshing from heaven is poured out. There will be a people that's not ashamed, not ashamed to be identified as a Holy Ghost tongue talking born again holy roller and not of the world. Just a holy roller, just a brand of mine. I'm not ashamed. It's broke the cycles. It's broke the chains off of my life. And if it can do it for me, it'll do it for you. Hallelujah. You see, do I have a little bit more time? Says one, Psalms 110 and three says, "Thy people, let's just thy people shall be willing." Say, "Willing." Thy people, whose people? God's people, the bride of Christ shall be willing. That word willing means spontaneous. Oh, I love it. So, thy people shall be spontaneous in the day of thy power. In the beauties of holiness, from the womb of the morning, thou hast the due of thy youth. So when the power of God is being revealed in the last days, there will be a people under expectation that is willing to act upon that power. You're not getting it. You see, when the fullness of the Godhead is revealed from heaven on earth and the God that is omnipotent, the God that's living in you, the God that has shown and proved and vindicated that he's the God that raises the dead, he's the God that changes situations, he's the God that restores. He's the God that heals cancer. He's the God that delivers the dope addict. He's the God that delivers the alcoholic, the drug addict. He's the God that is the same yesterday, today, and forever. He's Elohim, all powerful, selfsufficient. He doesn't need your help. Doesn't need your ability. Doesn't need your strength. He is all powerful within himself. When that power is revealed, there will be a bride that is spontaneous on the earth that will say, "Yes, Lord. I believe it, Lord." And they act upon the power that's been released to them in the last days. Now, works is faith expressed. One of the last sermons that Brother Brandham preached, he says, "I want to tell you something now. work on that pulsation, that spur of a moment like Joshua did, like Mary Magdalene and all those just that moment when something is revealed to you, grab it, hold to it, that spur of a moment. In other words, it's like this. When the prophet of God in the prayer line would begin to discern someone and tell them their condition and then then say, "They're going to miss it. they're going to miss it. And then say, "Act upon it. Respond to it. Don't let it pass you by. I'm talking to you." And then says, "They missed it. The light went over here. Now, brother so and so. You can have it." And begins to say your condition. And they act upon it. And says, "Now, that was for that person, but they wouldn't act upon it, so this person got it. You see thy people when the word of his power is being preached and the promises of rapture, the promises of grace and the promises of restoration, the promises of joy and happiness and contentment and life in the Holy Ghost is being preached to a people who's not looking at the fading body of their of humanity and the fraess of their own human mind, but they're holding to that promise. When the word is being preached in the power and demonstration of the Holy Ghost, my people will be spontaneous and they will say, "Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. That's my joy. That's my healing. That's my revival. That's my rapture. That's my family. That's my mind." Not arguing, not debating, not wondering, "Can it be?" But say yes Lord. See the prophet of God would say the problem of it is he says instead of the straight word of God instead of the spiritfilled men in the church who were led by spirit given revelation there are now creeds and bylaws and educated guesses of educated men. Learning has taken the place of revelation. Reason has replaced faith. Program has replaced spontaneous praise in the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. I would rather have spontaneous praise in the Holy Ghost from someone who is an outand-out repbate from someone. This whole community knows that they're nothing. They were but just a drug addict. But someone who responds to the word and they say, "That's me. That's my name. I'm healed. I'm delivered. I believe it's for me. I believe the rapture is for me. I don't believe that I have to stay the same." I would rather see that person stand up and shout the praises and the glory of God and even dance all over this building than someone sitting there listening to the promises of God and will not move and will not budge and will not release their faith. It's faith that overcomes the world. It's faith that overcomes mind battles. It's faith that overcomes fear. It's faith that overcomes the failure of the past. It is spontaneous Holy Ghost praise. Someone that'll take God at his word and quit looking at the years of failure and respond to the Holy Ghost when he's calling to you and say, "Yes, Lord." There's a deep calling to the deep. Yes, Lord. That's what I want to be. I want to be an overcomer. I want your joy. I want your peace. It's not by might. It's not by power. But it's by my spirit, saith the Lord. I'd rather see someone who's been in the message for 40 years, but the power of the Holy Ghost gets so a hold of their life that they begin to roll and swallow in the floor snotting. Amen. And getting their victory, the victory that the devil has been stealing from them for years and years. I'd rather real Holy Ghost spontaneous worship to have a real spirit touch light our fire. I tell you, there's five wise, there's five foolish. The problem with those five foolish is they didn't get a refilling of the Holy Ghost. They had oil, they had a light at one time, but they let it go out. But there was five wise. They got a refilling of the Holy Ghost. And I tell you, they were going through the same trials. They were going through the same darkness. They were going through the same tormenting spirits. But they had a refilling of the Holy Ghost to keep them going. And we need the dynamics which will be a refilling of the Holy Ghost. Pour it out. Oh God. bring us back to real spiritfilled Holy Ghost church services where people I don't care how long they've been sitting on a pew can leave this place changed speaking what the Lord laid on my heart I'm sorry it's too gone I'm too drunk it's time that we recognize the grace that God has given us in this age it's time we realize that we are under the unmmerited favor of omnipotence. The power of God, the power of God is favoring us. The power of God to change situations. The power of God to heal us. The power of God that can take to snatch you out of hell. The power of God that can give you young people a real genuine experience with God that you know that God lives and that he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And he can answer your prayer. Len, there's a favor upon your life. There's a favor. There's a favor that God has placed upon this church, Pony. It's an unmmerited favor. Not because you deserve it. Not because you're good enough. Not because you know the message. It's because God's power has come to you. Because he knows you by name. But you got to let it work. You got to release your faith. It's the faith that overcomes the world. It's a gospel that's given by inspiration of the Holy Ghost. This gospel didn't come by intellects. This gospel didn't come by educated men. This gospel come by inspiration. It become by it come by inspiration of the Holy Ghost. And this gospel cannot be given to you by intellects. You can't learn yourself into deliverance. You can't learn your way into the rapture. It's got to be a message that is preached with a spirit touch by a people that is releasing faith in that promised word that is saying, "Yes, Lord. I believe it, Lord. Fill me again. Move in my home. Bless my pastor. Bless the musicians. Bless my children. Oh, get a hold of God. Get a hold of the horns of the altar and pray through. Pray through until you break the sound barrier. Break through until you break through your weariness. Break through your mind battles. Break through the things that's trying to keep you shackled. Break through those things that's telling you it's not for you. Break through and touch heaven. Let it stabilize you. Malachi 4 came to restore the faith. And upon this faith, I'll build my church. And it's a bedrock, solid, unmovable, unchanging revelation of Jesus Christ. That what he was yesterday in your life, he's the same today. When you broke through the sound barrier years ago and you knew that you were in the presence of God and you were just so lost and drunk in the Holy Ghost, he's the same God today. He didn't change. We changed. We leave him. We leave him at the bedside where he's there saying, "Pray, break through. I meet you. I'll help you. I'll revive you. I'll be your guide." But instead, we just go to bed. We wake up in the morning and we get lost in our chores, lost in our work, and we won't break through again. I tell you friends, it's time to come back to a real spirit touch where we know that he's the same yesterday, today, and forever in our lives. And he's still God. He still answers prayer. He still changes situations. But it takes a people called by my name to get a hold of the horns of the altar and pray through. Satan's doing everything in his power to destabilize. I don't know you. You may not ask me back, but but I'm telling you right now, I'm preaching in the name of the Lord. Satan is doing everything in his power to destabilize, destabilize homes, destabilize marriages. I'm not talking about Pawne. I'm talking about the world around destabilize churches, destabilize ministries, destabilize congregations because Satan recognizes that his time is short. But he also recognizes it's his time to wreck lives. You say, "How where do you get that?" Well, recognizing your day in his message. The devil has recognized is the time that he can wreck women, wreck the church, wreck the people. He's recognized it. He has recognized that this is the age that it'll be so close it would deceive the very elected if it were possible. But it's not possible. But Satan knows his time. He knows his age. He knows he's he's living in his own Eden. You see, that's why the the scripture says in 1 Thessalonians 5:21-22, "Prove all things, hold fast that which is good. Abstain from all appearance of evil." The prophet of God would quote that scripture and say, "Don't go on the devil's ground. You don't belong on the devil's ground." The prophet of God would say, "I I see that he seen three monkeys." One time, I believe it was in Florida, you know, the the little figurines. And he says it was on some maybe someone's desk. And he says it was three monkeys. One had his eye, you know, hands over his eyes. The other one had his fingers in his ears. The other one had his hands over his mouth. And he would say, you know, I wish I had that for my own desk because he was saying, "See no evil, hear no evil, speak no evil." He says that's a good thing for every single one of us to catch. Don't go on the devil's ground. Abstain from the very appearance of evil. You see, Hebrews 4:12 says that the word of God is quick and powerful and sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing even to the dividing of sunder of soul and spirit and of the joints of marorrow, and as a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. You see, that was that scripture that was made manifest as the Messiah sign of this last day to show us we have Holy Ghost discernment. The Messiah is the anointed word which is still discerning the thoughts and intents of the heart. You see, the prophet of God would say, "Real overcoming is recognizing the devil in all of his tricks." And then recognize that greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. You see, the prophet of God would say in the, and I'm closing now, but just let me have your undivided attention, and we're bringing it to a real or trying to bring it to a climax here. In the room yesterday where some young Christians was, I said, if you were standing out here on the road and a car was coming down the road at 90 miles an hour out of control, you would get off that highway as quick as you could. You would jump, slide, do anything, get out of the way of that car. And that's the way that sin should be to a Christian because sin is associated with death. And as soon as you see sin in any form, jump from it. Get away from it. I don't care what you have to do. Get away from the very appearance of evil. Because remember to associate with sin is death. Just the same as standing there and let that car strike you. Don't just wait and see what it'll do. Get out of the way of it. the very appearance of evil. Shun it quickly. When you see a temptation coming up and sin, you know if it's something wrong, that death is lurking after you. Then get away from it just as quick as you would get away from an automobile approaching at 90 miles an hour. You'd want to get away from it right quick. Out of the way, jump, slide, run anyway. Just get away from it. And how that we know that we have life, oh, praise the Lord, is because that we hate sin. And we hate sin so bad that we know that death's associated there and we shun the very appearance of it. And any way we can get away from it, we jump, run, anything that we can do to keep away from sin because sin has death in it. And we sure don't want to associate anything in death. we want to keep away from. Brother Brandham would say again, says, "Oh, the stories of these 31 years around the world and around and around hearing the confessions and things, it raised the hair on your head to think of the things, hear them confess of what they've started, how innocent they was, and how beautiful sin looks and how attract attractive it looks to be. It's a way of death. Don't go in it. Whatever you do, shun the very appearance of evil." The Bible says as a dog goes to its vomit and a s to the wallow and the dog ought to know if the vomit made him sick enough to get out the first time, it'll do the same thing the second time. And if sin of the world will make a man realize that he's wrong once to make him repent, it'll do the second time. It'll do it the second time. So why not keep away from the thing anyhow? If it made you sick and you got rid of it, stay away from it. Keep out of the very appearance of evil. Again, God calls us to a so total separation from sin. Come out from among it. Be not partakers of it. Shun it the very appearance of evil. Separation completely annihilated from it. Stay your distance away from it. Don't tread upon its grounds. No matter how nice it looks, you people, you might think, "Here now, here it is. Brother Brandham, I sometimes I'm tempted to steal or sometimes I'm tempted to smoke." Or sometimes the women think I'm tempted to dress like the people of the world, you know, the the immoral clothes and things. I'm tempted the young ladies. Now, you think that's tempting? What about over here where you've got every little move to watch? See, in a ministry, what a greater thing it is. o over here and what they'd have to answer more for because you have to answer for your own you have to answer for your own souls but we have to answer for everybody we speak to sometimes we get things the devil puts in our spirits we know what I'm you know what I'm talking about imagination memory conscience reason affection hurts things get into our spirits and if it's not dealt with, it begins to fester. Things will become a festering sore. Now, you can you can agree with me. Even you boys can agree with me on this. You get you you can be out there maybe in a flower garden or something. You get just a little bitty little bitty thorn in your in in your palm or your finger or something and man that thing hurts. But you know what's funny is as small as that thing is, if you don't deal with it, that thing gets to festering. And that thing will hurt you and hurt. It's it's almost worse than just getting stabbed or or getting cut or something. You know what a bruised cell will lead to? It'll lead to cancer because it's something that's backslid. something that something that causes pain and and then a life gets in it and then it becomes a multiplication of cells upon cells until what was very small that if it would have been dealt with it just begins to consume your life. I'm still this is our victory even our faith. You see the prophet of God would say he would come to a does God care but then he would ask but do we care? He would say you know I went to a meeting and I found out that God was moving and and God they would come into the line and they would be healed and within another couple of days they would be back in the line with the same conditions again. He says, "I wonder what was causing it." He said, "The angel of the Lord told me they've got to unconfess sin." He says, "You make them confess those things." You know how the devil tries to blow things up in our lives and make us embarrassed and ashamed. And yet here we are, every one of us needing the grace of God in our lives. And he'll make us so, it'll make us so much that we can't actually repent to our wife. Or then a spirit of pride begins to get in there and a wife can't repent to a husband or a husband can't repent to and then children then and you watch nervousness begins to consume that home. strains begin to get into a marriage. All of the sudden, the world begins to creep in. All of the sudden, appetites that have been dead begins to be reignited. All because of maybe something so small as just a little thorn that just got in just below the skin, but it's not dealt with. But you see, this is what overcomes the world. We've got an ambition. We're not just trying to make it to the next day. We're not trying to bring satisfaction with another job or a big job or this or that or or have no because a soul that has been predestinated will never be satisfied outside of true fellowship with Christ. I think I've got this microphone wet. That's what that's that is. You see, we have come to a change of order. Now, under the lit levitical priesthood, how how many understands what I'm talking about? A change of order. There was a change of order when Jesus came. It was a change of dispensation. And Paul says, "Now we have moved from the Levitical priesthood, which was under law, and we move to grace, which is the order of Melzdc, which is the power of an endless life. It's the word made flesh. Under the old water, old order, you had to deal with life. What you were was what you were. You you you could you looked in the mirror and thanks, buddy. You looked you looked in the mirror and you and you looked at yourself and said, "Man, I hate that guy." You could comb your hair. You could brush your teeth. He could put on a smile, but it but way down in your spirit, you're fighting with things and you're looking and say, "Man, I I hate life. I hate dealing with myself." You're trying to put on the greatest thing and the greatest, you know, ambitions and this and that, but then you find in your spirit that you're just floating, just trying to get by, just trying. And the devil's thereounding you andounding you. But you see, when Paul said, "We've changed the order, the power of omnipotence has come down from heaven, and we're not on the outside looking in and saying, I wish I could. I want to but the faith was introduced to the church that under this order you can come into the holiest of holies and you can lay down your life and and lay down the the things that is consuming you and lay it down and under this order of Melzdc there's a power to change habits change desires heal spirits mental broken marriages to bring such a transforming power. All because we are willing to recognize that we are under another order. Now the prophet of God says you know when John he wrote here he didn't have my troubles this is what overcomes the world everyone that is born of God overcomes the world this is what overcomes the world even our faith says John he wrote that he didn't have my troubles you know I I've actually heard that no no one understands me no no no one knows what I'm going through every everyone's got different obstacles than I've got and no one can identify with me. Do do you realize that as the devil that's trying to put a selfish spirit upon you? I'm not saying just you. I'm saying the world. The devil trying to isolate you, trying to look at yourself and well, my problem is just a special problem. But the pro but here the prophet is saying, you know, he John didn't have my troubles. He he didn't have to deal with the folk that I deal with. He did not have to go through the things that I do. He may not had to deal with the same folk. He may not had to overcome the same thing. But he never excluded them. For he said this, the faith that the faith is the victory that overcomes the world, the whole thing. How is it? Get faith in it right above it. That's when the prophet of God says faith is a conqueror. Faith is an overcomer. It's not a peacemaker. Let the musicians come. You see, the prophet would say it like this. If I can just have your undivided attention again. It seems like the Christian life if the fellow is not absolutely centered on Christ. The Christian life seems like holds so many disappointments. But those disappointments here you are now are God's divine will happening for us now. It don't seem like it would be that but it's God's way of doing things. He lets us hit the river to see what we'll do. Now ponder that for a moment because so many times we feel like we're just going through disappointments. Life is just a disappointment. And here the prophet of God is bringing our vision into focus and he's actually saying no it's it's actually not that way at all. But if you've got a Christ centered life if you've got a Christ centered life then those disappointments are actually God's divine will happening in your life. He let you hit the river to see what you'll do about it. To see what we'll do. Moses led the children of Israel right in the path of duty and Pharaoh's army behind him. And the dust boiling from a half a million men in arms. And here was two million helpless Jews with nothing standing there, men, women, children, and so forth. And the Red Sea had them cut off. The Dead Sea had them cut off. There's no place to go. But Moses had a V-Day when he prayed through. The prophet of God begins to tell us about a a sister that precious sister. He says, you know, she would come to the altar and says, "I prayed for her. I prayed for her many times and she she would come to the altar and she'd cry and oh, she would get emotional. The tears would flow and she would just scream and holler and cry, but she'd get up and she'd still smoke. She'd come to Brother Brandham and say, "Brother Bradom, I I just don't know what to do. I I just can't get over it. I I can't get beyond it." Brother Bradam says, you know, he says, "You just got to says, you got to just get down to business with God. The anointing, the prophet of God said would say the anointing is not an emotion. The anointing is knowing how and when. It's knowing what to do to lay hold of the promises of God and say, "God, you promised." And stay right there and say, "God, you promised it. It's my promise." Brother Random says that he come to her and says now sister says you've got something like you've you've got some trouble waters ahead of you. She came down with cancer. Doctor gave her up said there's no nothing we can do about it. Brother Brandham says then she really got down to business with God. said, "Then she began to cry out to God and and God came down and delivered her from cancer and delivered her from smoking those cigarettes and the desire." See, the prophet of God says, "It's faith that overcomes." Why did it overcome? When I was praying for her here, she was just fluttering around. But when the doctor says you got cancer and going to die, she got to business. That's the way it has to get when you get to business. Why wait that long? Why not get down to business now? Put your faith in God. What if a woman had her faith in me? It have failed because I'm a man. But when she changed her faith, not in the Brandham Tabernacle or William Brandom or anyone else, but placed her faith in Jesus Christ, then she got faith. She raised up above all the fears and doubts and God healed her. She overcame. Faith is the victory that overcomes. Abraham says, "I've wondered what does Christians want to flusterate themselves with them things anyhow?" And he would go on down and say, "Why? Why does people just want to drift around? Why? When, and I'm just going to say it like this, when God has sent us a vindicated word and has led us to believe for all things, you know what the prophet of God would say? It says, "Get some ambition about you. Set your goal in Christ and quit tingling with the world." I don't know why the Lord led me this direction. a very simple message when there's great things that we could preach and great revelations and we're very well-versed in the message. But maybe God is speaking to just a heart that's saying, "Why flusterate yourself with the things of the world? Why why frustrate yourself with things that is taking your joy? Find yourself without any peace, finding yourself without any purpose to live and just trying to just trying to get through life. When God has called us to be overcomers, we are conquerors. But I believe that I'm speaking to a people who is the fulfillment of scripture that my people shall be willing in the day of my power. Why just float around? Floating around wondering, does God care? Does he love me? Is he even real? just always wishing, hoping, so discontented with life. Young person, why be discontented with life when the pis when the when the when the heavens are open, the skies are full of the Pentecostal blessings? Why tried to find pleasures in the garlics and leaks of the world? young girls trying to find their happiness in a in a man that's got a flare of the world on them. Why go after that when God's got a real Holy Ghost character that can protect you, lead you, take you into the paths of righteousness? Boys trying to look at half-dressed women saying, "That's beauty. That's nothing but the stench of hell. And if you follow that, it'll take you it'll take your soul to hell. Have a greater ambition about you. I think I I think that it it may even actually go for us elders. I I I think that we've been teaching it to the young people. I know it's been taught. I've heard it. Avoid the very appearance of evil. I know that there's even been business deals that have been cancelled and different things because of that scripture. But I think that we should take it to heart. We should come back to a real basics elementary faith to avoid the very appearance of evil. Why don't why don't we set back and look and see where our decisions are taking us? Is the Holy Ghost pleased with certain decisions and directions? And are are we living above reproach? What about these young people? Are we living above reproach? You see, we've got a greater ambition than this. It's a greater ambition than just going to Sonic to get a cherry limeade. I love coming to Pawne so I can get a limeade. My wife got me one this morning. Do do you realize how many people are fighting nervousness because there's things that are weighed down in their spirits and they won't deal with it. Oh, if I lived in the prophet, if I could just end the words here. But the problem of it is there's not a spontaneous reaction. when we know that there may be areas that we need to deal with that we need to take our wife aside and say, "Honey, I'm sorry." We need to actually go to another brother or another sister. We need to come to a real Holy Ghost spirit, a spirit sense, a spirit touch. Maybe we can just lay everything aside, not patch things up, but allow the surgeon's knife to really get down into our hearts. Mom and Daddy, do you realize your children are watching you? I I I'm I'm telling you right now, I don't have a vendetta, but something in my heart spoke to me. couldn't hardly sleep last night. Said, "Preach this. I'm one of you. I grew up here. Cut my teeth preaching to you. I love you with all my heart." But I say, "Men, let's be Holy Ghost men. Let's be what God called us to be. Women, sisters, let's be Holy Ghost sisters, Holy Ghost moms, Holy Ghost, children. You can't go to heaven just because mom and daddy's got the Holy Ghost. You've got to have the Holy Ghost. It's more there's more ambition than just coming and sitting on this. Even though you look beautiful, wonderful, handsome, but there's got to be a real something that come that when you come to the church, say, "God, I want to meet you." When you go into your bedroom, I remember just being a 12year-old kid going to my mama say, "Mama, I want what you've got. And mama prayed with me and I gave my heart to the Lord. God changed my life. Have I had struggles? A lot of a lot of things I've had to overcome. Have I been down for the count? A lot of times there's been a lot of times I thought I'd never get back up, but I'm here by the grace of God. But that's the thing. Look around you. You've got elders here that has been down for the count many a times, but they're here by the grace of God. It's not by their own powers. It's not by their own mind, but it's by the spirit of the living God. I wonder if we could just There's a song, Sister Mary. The Lord is my shepherd. The Lord is my shepher. I think it's The Lord is my shepher. He goes before me. defender behind me. [Music] I won't fear. I'm filled with anointing. [Music] My cups overflowing. No weapon can harm me. I won't fear. [Music] Oh hallelu I am not alone. Oh, he's my comfort. All holds me close. Oh, hallelujah. [Music] I am not Lord. [Music] Oh, he's my comfort. I believe that the Holy Spirit wants to let you know this morning that you're not alone, that he cares for you, that he's your protector, that he's the answer. He's the answer for the situation that you're in. Maybe the struggles of life. You're not forsaken. You're not forgotten. I believe if you come and mean business with God, I go I I just believe I've seen it too many times. God will mean business with you. I believe in the power of the gospel, [Music] the creative power to change lives and change hearts and make a new creation. I believe that if we could just lay down our our hearts, every single one of us, and say, "Lord, just meet me. Just meet me this morning. I want to overcome. This is our victory. This is my victory. I know it, Lord. It's my faith. You can't work faith, friends. You can't work it up. Faith is not an emotion. Faith is not something that you can manufacture. [Music] Faith is the gift of God in your life. I believe that if you just begin to surrender and say, "Lord, help me." Maybe you feel like you're perishing, maybe you feel like you're sinking, maybe you've got your eyes out of focus, got your eyes off of Jesus Christ. Why don't you get back into focus? Get your eyes back upon him and say, "Lord, help me." Let the surgeon's knife just begin to cuddle cut some things out maybe to say, "Lord, here I am. Why don't you break through? You can you can do it right where you're sitting. You can come up. It doesn't matter. The altar's open. You can join those that are here or right where you're at. But the important thing is is that you believe. Say, "Lord, I'm being spontaneous. Lord, I receive it. I accept it. I believe it's for me. I I believe that this is a cycle breaking gospel. I believe that the Holy Ghost is for me. I I believe that a fresh visitation of your presence is for me. Forgive me, Lord. Forgive me, Father, for getting on the devil's ground. Forgive me for getting over not avoiding the very appearance of evil. Oh, forgive me, Lord. Why don't you come and just take those habits and take those those things that maybe it seems like you can't get over. Why don't you bring it to this altar and just lay it there and say, "Lord, I give it up. I'm tired of trying. I'm I'm tired of being dissatisfied. I'm tired of being disgruntled. Lord, be my satisfying portion. Lord, I'm I'm coming to be identified with you. Oh God, fill me. Oh God, break the complexes off of my life. Break the fears off of my life. Take me out of the confusion. Just begin to confess and say, "Lord, I believe it's for me. I believe that you died for me. I believe that I'm your child. I'm your son. I'm your daughter. Why? Young people, I believe that God can fill you with the Holy Ghost right now. I believe God can refill you. I believe that the healer is here. I I believe that marriages can be You don't need a counselor. What you need is just humility. You need the real Holy Ghost to just move in the situation and real humility to embrace one another and say, "Forgive me. I'm sorry." Let God change the situation. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He He's just waiting to see what you're going to do about it. wounded in spirit, [Music] why don't you let it go? Why don't you just give it up? Why don't you get tired of being tired? [Music] Oh. Oh, God. Thank you for reviving. Thank you for feeling. Thank you for refreshing. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] I am not alone. Oh, he my comfort always holds me close. Lord is my shepher. [Music] He goes before me, defender behind me. I won't fear. [Music] I'm filled with anointing. My cup's overflowing. [Music] No weapon can harm me. I won't fear. [Music] Oh hallelu. I am not alone. [Music] Oh, he's my comfort. Oh hold me close. [Music] He always guides me. [Music] Mountains and valleyies [Music] always his joy is refreshing [Music] restores my soul. Oh, mercy and goodness, [Music] give me assurance that I'll see his glory [Music] face to face. [Music] Oh hallelujah. I am not alone. Yes, he's my comfort. always holds me close. Oh hallelu, I am not alone. [Music] Please. [Music] Oh, hold me close. [Music] not alone. [Music] We love him here today. Hallelujah. He's so wonderful. Bless the Lord. Thank you, Lord. He's so He's so good to his people. Im [Music] Lord be glorified. Won't you be Oh, in my life. Lord be glorified [Music] today [Music] in my life. Lord be Jesus be. Go away [Music] in my life. Lord be glorified today. I've made a new dedication [Music] to my Lord. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. I've made a new [Music] dedication to my Lord. [Music] This whole world [Music] of sin and heat, it has lost its hold on me. I've made a new dedication to my Lord. Made a dedication to his word. I've made a new dedication to God's word. Oh, I want to line everything up with you, Lord. I've made a new dedication to God's word. Oh, this soul's world of sin and evil. It has lost its hold on me. I've made a new dedication to God's word. Hallelujah. Making that dedication to the Lord. As brother Jonathan was saying, allowing sin or allowing iniquities is or is or things that we that we know that we shouldn't do should do and we don't do or we know that we shouldn't do and we do do. And those little things like that can can can leave little marks on your spirit where it doesn't let you go freely. And it and it keeps you it keeps you locked in to where you can't go any further with God. And Satan knows that. They're like leans upon your spirit. It's it's when you go to pray or you go to dedicate, you go to pray for somebody else and then then Satan brings these little things up to you and then you you're thinking, well, and that's the reason why we have to deal with those things with we if we've got the blood of Jesus, we know the blood is there. We know the word is powerful. But in the day of God's power, we've got to be willing. And brother Jonathan, I appreciate him dealing with that because we've got to be willing in the day of his power to say, "All right, I I'm I'm going to cut this thing out of my life. I'm going to ask God for his grace. I need grace to cut this out of my life because the word is here and the blood is real. because we are a people of of divine faith. The divine promises are ours. So today, anything, any vibration in your soul, anything that that that would when you go to pray or you go now, Satan's going to do things and and and as the Apostle Peter says, blessed are you when men shall revive revile you for good's sake. So So Satan's going to be there to accuse you. If it's under the blood and you've got it taken care of and you've you've you you've cut that sin out in your life, that's well, you just go on and say, "Satan, you don't have a hold." But if Satan knows he has a hold on us, there's where he will he will he'll just keep poking and poking and poking. But I'm saying we leave here this morning and don't give him no room to poke. Oh, he can. He But when it's dealt with, it's under the blood. It's taken care of. We can walk outside these doors and say, "Satan, you don't have a you don't have a a right. I I I don't you don't have a hold on me. You have no authority over me." And then your faith is just as unlimited as God is. Then all things are possible with God and all things are possible with him that believes. Isn't that incredible? I'm thankful for that kind of faith. I'm thankful for that we can push the reset button. I'm thankful that the blood of Jesus is right there as as our brother Jonathan was saying, Satan is there to do the condemning and to bring misery and but God's there to bring redemption, bring victory, love, joy, peace, and righteousness in the Holy Ghost. I'm thankful for that. Amen. Going to leave them there. [Music] Going to leave them there. Going to take my burdens to the Lord and leave them there. That's what we're doing. If I trust and never God will surely bring me out. Take my burdens to the Lord. Leave them there. Oh, let's sing it one more time. I'm going to leave them there. I'm going to leave them there. Going to take my burdens to my Lord. Leave them there. Oh, if I trust Oh, God will surely [Music] take my burdens to the Lord and leave them there. [Music] Can I hear a great big amen? Satan has no authority over me because the blood, once the blood has been applied to a heart that has come with the willing heart to leave it all behind, there is nothing Satan can do to hinder that man from his God. That's right. That's right. Hallelujah. I'm saying you can be guilty right now and repent with a humble heart before God. Two minutes later, the authority and the power of God is with you. We're not Catholics. You don't earn anything. You get rid of sin and the blood is the only way to do it. We get rid of sin and we walk with God. Amen. And aren't you glad for a great God who loves us? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. I thoroughly enjoyed the message this morning. Needed that message this morning. And um and I I'm I'm want to apply that to my life. And we've got we've got service tonight uh this evening and so we'd encourage you to come back and and um brother Jonathan preached hard this morning but we're going to even if it's just a 20 minute sermon we're going to push him again tonight. Amen. Amen. I tell you what he he was saying he was drunk. I I said just keep on preaching. We're we're feeding on it. Amen. It was good this morning. Very good. And so, um, so we're looking forward to the word of the Lord again tonight. And we are looking forward to hearing from these young men tonight. And, uh, Amen. [Applause] We love these young men. Amen. They've labored, uh, for the Lord and and, uh, they're good examples. And we just we love these two young men over there on the front row. We'll love all these young men on the front row, but we're bragging on these two over here. And uh so we we love brother Jonathan's children. And u and this one right here, too. Amen. Praise the Lord. So uh sometimes they act like their mom, but most of the time they're okay boys. Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. Well, we love Sister Laura. Amen. Just love love the all of Jonathan's family. What are we going to sing as we dismiss Sister Maria? Amen. Hallelujah. You know, let's just I know it's a it's a it's a slow song, but I just want to please the Lord. We'll just dismiss on that. I just want to please the Lord. [Music] Be in his will in every way. To be lost in his presence, found in his likeness. To hear him say, "Well done." God bless you. Let you dismiss yourselves this morning. We love you. We've got fellowship over at the at the fellowship hall. And uh so we encourage everyone to come and eat and and enjoy one another's company in his will in every way to be lost in his presence. Found in his likeness to hear him say well done someday. Oh, I just want to please the Lord. Be in his will in every way. To be lost in his presence, found in his likeness. to hear him say, "Well done."
