################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-16 - 2025-04-16 Bro Wendall Martin Transitions - Wendall Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-16
Title:   2025-04-16 Bro Wendall Martin "Transitions"
Speaker: Wendall Martin
Church:  New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kn4i-3eM8vI
========================================

I want to hear when the wise man spoke says your circumstance is as hopeless as can be. That's when God wants to hear you. See, he loves to hear your praise. He loves to hear your praise. On those cheerful days when the pleasant times they by far but when suffering comes alone and we still sing the song that is when we bless the father's heart. God wants to hear you sing. When the waves are crash round, when the fiery darts around and despair is all you see, God wants to hear your voice. When the wise man is full says your circumstance as can be that's when God wants to hear you [Music] see. Oh through it all. Through it [Music] all, I've learned to trust in [Music] Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it [Music] all. Through it [Music] all. I learn to depend upon his word. Lord, I thank him for the valleys and I thank him for the mountains and I thank him for the storms he's brought through. Or if I've never had a problem, I would know that God could solve them. I would know what faith in his word will do. Help me sing it now through it all. Oh, now through it all. Thank you, Lord. Oh, through it [Music] all, I've learned to trust in [Music] Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Oh, now through it all. Oh, through it all. All I've learned to depend upon his word. Can we sing another verse as we stand now? I've had many tears. I've had many tears and sorrows. [Music] tomorrow. There's been times I didn't know right from I love this. But in every situation, But in every situation, God gave me blessed consolation that my trials come to make me strong. Sing it now through it all. Oh, now through it all. Thank you, Lord. Oh, through it all. I've learned to trust in [Music] Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Oh, now through it all. Oh my. Oh, through it all. [Music] I've learned to depend upon his word. Hallelujah. Can you say that with confidence here tonight that through all the trials and the struggles we've ever been [Music] through? That he's never failed us through it all, we've learned to put our trust in him. Amen. Like to go to prayer here tonight if I may and ask brother Caleb Martin if he'd mind coming and leading us in prayer. Like to remember the Torrance family here tonight. They're all down with sickness. Uh how many how many's fighting allergies and stuff tonight? Yeah. So let's just remember all the hands that were raised, the ones fighting sickness and allergies. And also sister Angie Bendabout is battling sickness as well. So let's remember her. Uh brother Donald's recovering from a heart episode, scheduled to see a heart doctor here soon. So let's remember both Uncle Donald and Aunt Angie here tonight. and also brother David Gapman praying for a good report from the doctor tomorrow night. I'm so glad that we got a God that's touched by that feeling of our infirmities here tonight and he sees the needs and if you have a need upon your heart just make it known by the lifting of your hand. Let's also remember brother Mitch. I know he's he's still gone for another month or so is so let's let's remember brother Mitch as well and also Sister Tabitha. I I know I couldn't stay for my wife that long. So, let's just pray the Lord gives them both strengths tonight. Amen. God bless you. Let's bow our heads. Lord Jesus, we just love you, Father. And we want to say thank you for for everything you do for us in our lives. Father, we want to say thank you for blessing us all with Safe Child and Mercies. Father, we ask you to continue to be with Austin and it's just a rose. They're on their honeymoon. Father, you see all the sickness that's going around, Father, with the torances and these allergies, Father, and you see Brother Donald and Sister Angie, Father, homesick. We ask you to be with them. We ask you to be with Brother Mitch as he's out of town. Father, we ask you just to be with us throughout the remainder of this service. Father, in Jesus name. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. I'm dependent. I'm dependent on you, oh [Music] Jesus. I'm dependent on you, oh Jesus. I'm dependent on you. Depending on you. Verse one. now. Well, when they came to the water, they didn't know what to do. There was no one to help. They couldn't see their way through. The Lord moved the waters. They walked right on through. Oh, Jesus, we're dependent on you. Oh now Jesus, Lord, we are depending. Yes, we are. Jesus, I'm depending on you. Oh Jesus, your bride is depending on you. Depending on you to see me through when your face try. We know this. We still know that it's true. You know the devil's a liar. There's not much he can do. Though he tries hard to stop us, we know you'll see us through. Oh my Jesus. How many can say that tonight? Thank you, Lord. Oh, now my Jesus, I'm depending on you, oh Jesus. We are dependent on you. Oh Jesus, I'm dependent on you. Depending on you once again now. Oh now Jesus. Oh, we are dependent on you. Oh Jesus, your bride is depending on you. Depending on you to see me through. Can we go to Bflat? Can we do our God is tremendous. Amen. Do you believe that here this evening? Amen. When I'm in need, I call on the Lord. Oh, and he hears me. Yes, he helps me. He is faithful and true. Won't forget his own. I love that. Oh, he's my companion, my best friend, the only true God. There's no one greater, wonderful savior. Jesus, the lion of [Music] Judah. Oh, our God is tremendous. His strength never faileth. He goes through the fire just the same. Little faster. Oh, he is mighty. sends his angels to guide me. There's no storm too powerful or God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory. Gave us the victory. The greatest love story. I love this. Oh, when you're in trouble, Jehovah Nissi, the great enforcer, God Almighty, will fight your battle. Oh [Music] yes. Think it should our great Jehovah just love the paradox. Stay in your position and watch the miraculous come into act. If you believe he's tremendous, tell someone about it tonight. God is tremendous. His strength never faileth. Goes through the fire just to save a sinner. He is almighty. Sends his angels to guide me. Thank you, Lord. There's no storm too powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God in some blessed revealed and you and me came down from his glory. Gave us the victory. The greatest love story. Can we do verse two again? Oh, when I'm in trouble, he's Jehovah, the great enforcer. God Almighty will fight your battles. Oh yes, he'll stand for you. Oh, your victory will come, but not the way you think it [Music] should. Just love's a paradox. Stay in your position and watch the miraculous come into action. Our God is tremendous. The strength never faileth. goes through the fire just to save a sinner. He almighty sends his angels to guide me. There's no storm too powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed and you and me came down from his glory. Gave us the victory. the greatest love story. He never promised that the cross would not get heavy and the hill would not be hard to [Music] climb. He never offered victories without fighting. He said, "Help put over. Come in time." Oh, just remember where you're standing in the valley of decision. And the adversary says, "Give in. Just hold on. Our Lord will show up." Yes, he will. and he will take you through the fire again. So many times the question certain circumstances and things I could not understand. How many's ever been there? I know I have. And many times in trials, my weakness blurs my vision and my frustration gets so out of hand. Oh my, it's then, but it's then I am reminded. I've never been forsaken. I've never had to stand one test alone. Thank you, Lord. That's when I look at all the victories. The spirit rises up in me and through the fire my weakness is made strong. He never promised. He never promised that the cross would not get heavy and the hill would not be hard to climb. [Music] He never offered a victory without fighting. But he said, "Help would always come in time." Just remember where you're standing in the valley of decision and the adversary. Sister Tracy, do you have a song tonight? Just hold on. Our Lord will show up and he will take you through the fire again. Let's go to heaven. He promised to hold my hand. He promised he would help me stand when the valleys too low and the rivers too wide. He promised he would lead me to the other side. His promises light my way. Never let my feet to stray. Living on his word, I will overcome. Standing on his promises. One by one more time. He promised to hold my hand. He promised he would help me stand when the valley's too low and the rivers too wide. He promised he would lead me to the other side. He promised to light my way. Never let my feet to stray. Living on his word, I will overcome. Standing on his promises. One more time now. Oh, he promised to hold my hand. He promised he would help when the valleys too low and the rivers too wide. He promised he would lead me to the other side. He promised to light my way. Never let my feet to a stray. Living on his word, I will overcome. Standing on his promises one by one. Hallelujah. God bless you. God bless you, Sister Tracy. Amen. Brother Josh, you guys have a soul for tonight. All right. He came to earth a promise to fulfill. [Music] A rugged cross he bore up Calary's hill. and for my sins. He cried, "Father, forive, born to die, that I might live." He was accused of [Music] sin yet silent he [Music] remained. No one came forth to witness for his name. between two thieves. He bowed his head and cried. Finish now. I came to die. Born to die, a cruel cross to [Music] bear. Born to die, that I his love may share. Born to die. His precious life to give. Born to die that I might live. Born to die, a cruel cross to bear. Born to die, that I his love may [Music] share. He was born to die. His precious life to give. Born to die that I might live. Amen. Amen. Did you enjoy that? So glad he came down to die so I can live. Amen. As brother Josh gets ready, can we go to F? Just love this. Oh, how I love Jesus. [Music] Oh, how I love Jesus. Oh, how I love [Music] Jesus because he first. Can we go up a key of me? Sing it once again now. Oh, and oh, how I love Jesus. Oh, how I love Jesus. [Music] So how I love is because he first loved me. God bless you now. Amen. You love the Lord this evening. tomorrow. I just live from day to day. I don't from it. For the skies may turn to gray. I don't worry or the future for I know what Jesus said. And today I walk beside him for he knows what is ahead. Yes. Many things about [Music] tomorrow I don't seem to understand. But I know who holds tomorrow. And I know who holds my hand. Every step is getting brighter as the golden stairs are climb. Every birden getting lighter. Every [Music] cloud is silver light there. The sun is always shining there. No tear will dim the eye at the ending of the rainbow. Where the [Music] mountains touch the sky. Many [Music] things about tomorrow I don't seem to understand. But I know who holds tomorrow. And I know who holds my hand. I don't know about [Music] tomorrow. It may bring me poverty. But the one who feeds the sparrow is the one who stands by me. And the path that be my portion may be [Music] through the flame or flood but his presence goes before me and I'm covered with his blood. Many [Music] things about tomorrow I don't seem to understand. But I know who holds tomorrow. And I know who holds my hand many things about tomorrow. I don't seem to understand, but I know who holds tomorrow. And I know who holds my hand. Amen. What an assurance. Amen. So glad he knows my tomorrow. He holds my hand. And that's why we can sing that song as we sang earlier through it all. Learn to trust him because he's always been faithful and true. Amen. As we stand to our feet now, get ready for the man of God. Was thinking of this song today. Um can we do that? Stand still and let God move. Stand still. I'm not sure the key. Probably F or G, I would imagine. Stand still and let God move. Standing [Music] still. It's hard to [Music] do. When you feel you have reached the end, he'll make a way for you. Stand still. Can we go up a key? God move. Stand [Music] still and let God move. Standing still is hard to do. When it feels you have reached the end, he'll make a way for you. Stand still and let God move once again now. Oh, stand still. Yes, Lord. And let God move. Standing still. It's hard to do. When it feels you have reached the end, you'll make a way for you. Stand [Music] still and let God move. Do you think we can do those verses? Oh, the Father has a plan. Though it's hard to see it now and you feel you're walking all alone, but he is there no doubt. When the storm around you rages and you're tossed to and fro, when you're faced with life's decision, not sure which way to go, stand still. That's my prayer tonight. Lord, help me to stand still. Oh, standing still is hard to do when it feels and let God. Oh, let's sing it again. [Music] and let still it's hard to do when you feel you have reached the end. Oh yeah. Stand still and let God [Music] move. Stand still. And let God move. Amen. Amen. Amen. So glad that God will move. He's got his timing. He's got his He's got a great plan for every one of us. Amen. And I'm glad to be a part of that plan here tonight. Amen. And uh we sure enjoyed the specials this evening. Uh both those specials were just wonderful. And um Amen. So so thankful for all the talent that God's got here in in uh in his in in his church. And uh so it's good to see everyone here this evening. Amen. and and so brother brother Austin and and sister Rose are officially married and and um uh they're having a a good honeymoon and so uh we'll be headed this way uh towards Oklahoma here here in the next couple days and so uh we're sure proud for them and they had a very beautiful wedding and thought everything went went really well and and so we're we're sure thankful uh for uh brother Austin and Sister Rose. Amen. Let's let's look here in the book of Romans the 8th chapter. And uh we're we're um uh man I think see brother Michael is still driving. Uh they he had he had texted earlier and said it's uh they still had another couple two and a half hours or so. And so that'll put them in uh well, they should be here within the next hour or in Oklahoma within the next hour. But um uh so we're uh wanting to continue to pray for them. Good to see brother Josh with us this evening. He's he's uh he and sister uh got got in and then he's he's heading back to uh be a counselor over there in in uh in Louisiana. And um so they had asked if if there was anybody uh they were looking for counselors and but most of us were all gone. We were we were there in Ohio and so brother Josh he says I'll come. Amen. God bless you for that. And even asked for us to come but uh uh we just just couldn't couldn't quite do that. We're we're still doing some work on Austin's house and and um so but we want to we want to be praying for brother and uh for the for the camp there, the Louisiana camp. We sure appreciate the brother brother Tim Puit and and his love for the young people that he has had for uh that you know been going for many many years and and and a lot of our our young families u the individuals uh were uh many were baptized with the Holy Ghost there in in that camp. And so, um, the Louisiana camp has a has a great just a real soft spot in our hearts. Let's let's look here. I did I tell you guys, um, did I tell y'all Romans or did I even give y'all a scripture yet? Uh, let's let's look here in Isaiah 54. Isaiah 54. And um, we are uh, we'll just start here at the first verse. Amen. Isaiah 54:1. Sing, O baron, thou that d not bear. Break forth into singing and cry aloud. Thou that did not prevail with child, travail with child. For more are the children of the desolate than the children of the married, the wives, sayaith the Lord. Enlarge the place of thy tent, and let them stretch forth the curtains of thine inhabitations. Um, spare not, lengthen thy cords, and strengthen thy stakes. For thou shalt break forth on the right hand, and on the left, and thy seed shall inherit the Gentiles, and make the desolate cities to be inhabited. Fear not, for thou shalt not be ashamed, neither be thou confounded, for thou shalt not be put to shame. For thou shalt forget the shame of thy youth, and shalt not remember the reproach of thy widowhood anymore. For thy maker is thine husband, the Lord of hosts is his name. Thy redeemer, the holy one of Israel, the God of the whole earth shall be called. For the Lord hath called thee as a woman forsaken and grieved in spirit, and a wife of youth, when thou was refused, saith thy God. For a small moment have I forsaken thee, but with great mercies will I gather thee. In a little wrath I hid my face from thee, for a moment, but with everlasting kindness will I have mercy on thee, saith the Lord thy redeemer. For this is as the waters of Noah unto me. For as I have sworn that the waters of Noah should no more go over the earth, so have I sworn that I would not be wroth with thee, nor rebuke thee. For the mountains shall depart, and the hills be removed, but my kindness shall not depart from thee. Neither shall the covenant of my peace be removed, saith the Lord, that hath mercy on thee. Oh thou afflicted, tossed in tempest and not comforted. Behold, I will lay thy stones with fair colors, and lay thy foundations with sapphires. I will make thy windows of a gates, and thy gates of car uh carbon barnles, carbunles, and all thy borders of pleasant stones, and all thy children shall be taught of the Lord, and great shall be the peace of thy children. In righteousness shalt thou be established, and thou shalt be far from oppression. For thou shalt not fear, and from terror, for it shall not come near thee. Behold, they shall surely gather together, but not by me. Whosoever shall gather together against thee shall fall by for thy sake. Behold, I have created the smith that bloweth the coals in the fire, that bringeth forth an instrument for his work, and I have created the waster to destroy. For no weapon shall form that is formed against thee shall prosper, and every tongue that shall rise against thee in judgment shalt thou condemn. This is the heritage of the servants of the Lord, and their righteousness is of me, saith the Lord. And can the church say amen? Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Father, we thank you for your grace and your mercies upon our life. Lord, we thank you for the spirit of the Lord that is upon every one of us. And Lord, that you have called us with an eternal call. And I pray Lord that you would be with us tonight. You know every need that is present. You know Lord who is needing what. your Holy Spirit. Lord, I know that if I yield myself to you, Lord, that you can minister to every heart for you know the needs. Father, we love you and we thank you for all that you are. Help us tonight, Father. In Jesus name we pray. Can the church say amen? And amen. God bless you. You can be seated here this evening. Amen. There is a scripture there in Romans 8 and31. Say then to these things. If God be before us, who can be against us? Why don't you help me repeat that scripture? What shall we say then to these things? If God be for us, who can be against us? Amen. No weapon formed against you shall prosper. Well, that should make you want to shout here tonight. Amen. It's not that God doesn't correct us, children. It's not that God doesn't Amen. allow trouble to come our way. But the fact is the truth is no weapon that is formed against you shall prosper. Amen. Now, there's a lot of weapons in the world. There's a Amen. nuclear weapons. And Amen. you you get them in the wrong hands then amen you put them in the hands of the unstable governments and and and and it can amenize the world. We we see that with Iran and and how the world is is trying to come up with some kind of a nuclear uh uh uh uh uh you know agreement, a peace agreement and Amen. and how that the terrorists they the the terrorists breed fear because you never know what they're going to do and and you have the axis of evil like Iran that is Amen that is funding these type of deals and so amen they they they they don't have a gun they'll use an airplane if they don't have an airplane they'll they they'll use a knife they'll they'll make homemade bombs and if they can't do any of that they'll just ram their cars into a crowd and and kill as many people as possible possible. You see these these are weapons. They turn Amen. these things evilhearted men bring uh uh uh use use the the the things anything that can bring terror and strap themselves with suicide bombs and Amen. They will they'll do anything they can do to kill, to steal, and to destroy. Can you say amen? Amen. But God is saying it doesn't matter the weapons that are coming against you. It doesn't matter the terrorists. It doesn't matter, Amen. the axis of of evil that comes out of hell. Amen. There is no weapon that is formed against the bride of Jesus Christ that will ever prevail. Well, that should make you want to shout. Hallelujah. Amen. That's why we are we are in Christ Jesus. We are. Amen. When you receive, when you're filled with the Holy Ghost, Amen. The scripture says that you are sealed until the day of your redemption. Amen. You're sealed. Satan is sealed out. God is sealed in. And God's work will be accomplished in your life. Amen. Oh my. I I I say, Amen. God, I I want to trust in you here today. Amen. I don't know how the peace Amen. the that the nuclear uh peace talks are going to go with Iran. Amen. I know I know uh the US is flexing his muscles over there and we've got we've got some bombers over there ready to try to uh twist their arm and make sure that that they know that we we we can do we can do business if they don't want to agree. And I I I don't know much about the Amen. how the you know the gun control in in our land. You know, there's so much uh debate about the gun control and Amen. and and and and they how they want to take the guns away from the people. But but you know, evil is going to be here. Evil is is always going to persist. As long as there is a devil, there's always going to be evil. As long as these things are here, so we cannot find a refuge here that is on this earth. you you cannot find anything here that that that is that is, you know, uh uh going to be safe. There's not a there's not a bomb shelter. There's not a there there there's not a a a program. There's there is nothing that will that will bring safety to God's people. Amen. There there's only one that has promised that he would be with us and that he would never leave us nor forsake us. There will be no peace on this earth. Amen. As long as there is evil on the earth. Can you say amen? Hallelujah. But I just want to say we have been given a promise of a new heaven and a new earth. And there's going to come a time, amen, where uh uh uh this old earth is going to burn and and all of the demons and all of the spirits of hell are going to be annihilated. And I just want to say glory be to the lamb of God. Amen. That's right. So I I I just I just want to say tonight, Amen. It doesn't there's nothing that the devil can do. Even if he did kill you, Amen. If a if a guy were to were were to come up and Amen. and and and and put a gun to your head and shoot you. Amen. You see, you're still safe because your soul has been in the secured by Jesus Christ. Amen. If if if cancer should take your your body, Amen. There is still nothing that that cancer can do to your soul because you are a you're a son of God and you've been redeemed back. Well, praise the Lord. It doesn't matter whether you lose your job. It doesn't matter whether amen you lose a spouse or amen those things bother us and those things hurt us. But you see what God has done for us through Jesus Christ. He has given us a security and there is nothing that the enemy can do against you. Matter of fact, a Christian doesn't look at things the way they used to. Amen. The the scripture says that Amen. we'd be of all men most miserable if we had hope only in this life. But we don't have hope only in this life. It doesn't matter how evil the world is. It doesn't matter what Iran does or amen what what what the well you know Taliban or any of these other guys do. What matters is we have a safety in Christ Jesus. Oh, aren't you glad that you're secure? Amen. I'm going to tell you, you could live in a bubble. You could have armed soldiers that were guarding you all the time. You could you could have all the wealth and the riches of this land. Amen. But if your soul does not have peace, if your soul has not found its rest, if your soul is not saved, Amen. then then you are then then Satan has got you. Even though you've you're surrounded by guards and even though you've got the best and even though you're living in mansions, Amen. There is no way for you to be safe outside of the Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. And I want to tell you, there is an onslaught, amen, of the enemy against your soul. Amen. He's against your soul. Every one of you, the enemy is against your soul. And there's where there's there's where the world is falling apart. Is because they're they're they're looking at the economy. They're looking at amen at these things to try to to make you and your life uh h better. But you see, no one wants to spend time with that soul. Amen. And it seems like the soul is is sort of just forgot about. Amen. No one spends time at at trying to Amen. realize what's causing my mind to play with me. What's causing my Amen these things to hurt? What what makes my heart struggle? Amen. It's not Amen. the lack of money or the lack of prestige or or the lack of this or that. There is an enemy that is against your soul. There is an enemy that wants to keep you under its control. Well, can you say amen? But Jesus says, "I've come to give you life and I've come to give it to you more abundantly." Hallelujah. Well, glory be to God. Amen. The enemy is there and I want to tell you, they're after your children. They're after your husband. They're after your wife. They're after your heritage. They're after your soul. Can you say amen? But when I hear those words, Amen. No weapon formed against you shall prosper. It makes my heart rejoice. How well can you say? Amen. When the mind battles are there and when the enemy Amen is is trying to convince me otherwise. Amen. God's given me his promise. I'll never leave you. Amen. And I'll be there with you. I've given you my word and I will be faithful. Can you say amen? Amen. No weapon formed. The scripture says, "This is the heritage of the Lord." Amen. And their righteousness is of me. Hallelujah. Won't you just turn to your neighbor right now and just tell them, "No weapon formed. No weapon formed." Hallelujah. Amen. I don't care if the economy takes. I don't care if my girlfriend gives up on me. I don't care if my family disowns me. I don't care if my health fails me. No weapon formed against me shall prosper. Can you say amen? Now, as we read in the first of this 54th chapter, Jerusalem is as a mother, amen, that is weeping for her children. It is symbolic of God putting away Israel. And Israel had been carried away into Babylon. Amen. For 70 years. And she had lost her sons and her daughters. And Amen. And she had become like a barren woman without a husband. And and the reason for this is Israel had provoked God. Amen. Through her sin and Amen. and provoked God's anchor. And and according to Ezra 2 and 64, she was reduced down to 42,000 people, which is quite a contrast of the 2.5 million uh people that she was that that came out of Egypt. But now she is reduced down to just amen thousand people. And she truly was a woman that that felt forsaken. And and and I just want to say she was still God's woman. She was still God's people. Even though she was in sin, even though her sins brought her down and amen, and caused her, Amen. to go into captivity. Yet she was still God's predestinated people. And I and I want to say today, hey, amen, that there is no weapon. There's no sin in your life. That doesn't mean that God's not going to deal with you. That doesn't mean that God's not going to whoop you. That doesn't mean that God, Amen, is not going to allow things to, Amen, to come your way. But the thing is, God will always deal with you as a son. He will always deal with you as a daughter. And I just want to say for you young men and young women. Amen. You will pay for your sins. Amen. Mama might not know about it. Daddy might not know about it. The preacher might not know about it. Amen. But I I want to tell you, God will not allow his sons and daughters. He will not allow his bride to continue on in sin. We talk about the faithfulness of God. And God's a good God. And we hear the world talking about, amen, he's good and oh my, he won't. He He was He's not the author of bad. And and he's not the author, amen, of of of evil. And he's not. God is not. But I want to tell you, he can sure turn you loose to the devil, amen, and allow the devil, Amen, to to torment you. And Amen. And and and you go into captivity in your mind. You go into captivity because of your sin. When you play around, you're going to reap what you sow. Can I hear an amen? Amen. You put a You put an apple seed in the ground and you're going to reap an apple tree. You put wheat in the ground, you're going to reap wheat. Amen. You put a you you put broccoli in the ground and you're going to reap broccoli. If you sow evil, you're going to reap evil. Hallelujah. But if you sow good, then you're going to reap good. And Israel had sown evil, and now they're in sin. And and now they're in captivity. The Bible says they are slaves for 70 years. This is the people of God. These people, Amen, were the God were the ones that God chose that God said, "Amen, I've called you with an everlasting call and I love you with an everlasting love." These people are now in sin. Hallelujah. And they're and they're and they're they're they're they're under the captivity. Amen. Of the Babylonians. Amen. And you you read it. Amen. But what did God say? Amen. I know you feel like you're forsaken. And I know you feel like you're a you're a woman without an husband and you're a widow. It feels like your children have all gone. And Amen. Everything is away. But my love for you is still the same. My love for you, well, glory be to God. I want to tell you, you may be in a in in a in a in a in a in a matter of your own making right now because of your rebellious heart, your evil heart. Amen. You walked away from God, and you're reaping it all. It ain't your brother's fault. It ain't your sister's fault. It's your fault. Y'all were the dummy. You were the one that walked against the command of God. But you know what? God is still there saying, "I love you with an everlasting love. I love you with an everlasting love. And my love will never depart from you." Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. That's a faithful God. That's a That's a faithful God. Amen. I I I You see, I'm glad for the faithfulness of God. I'm glad God doesn't just allow me to go on and and let me be defeated. But when God says, "I've called you and you're my chosen people and you start acting contrary, amen, to what God has called," it is the grace of God. It's the mercies of God, amen, to bring you back in line with his word. God is faithful to you. Can you say amen? Now, amen. He looked at him. God's affectionately calling to Israel. I love that 54th verse or chapter because it's God telling a people, amen, that has been they they have been all but destroyed. The these people have suffered greatly. But the affection of God, he's calling out and says before the Chaldesian invasion and Amen. consequent captivity before your stubbornness and that separated you from me. You were my bride. This is God looking to his bride Jehovah and saying you were my people. You were my bride and I I I loved you. Can you say amen? Amen. And he says you've come back broken and you've come back bruised. You've suffered embarrassment and amen. You have borne the reproach of your failings, but I've come to redeem you back to myself. Hallelujah. I love you with an everlasting love. Well, praise the Lord. I want you to enlarge the your tents and and I want you to make your In other words, I want you to make your home bigger and I want to make you you to make your heart bigger. I know your children that but I'm going to bring your children back to you and I'm going to show you my love and I'm going to I I'm I'm going to make you amen nation again and restoration is coming. And he's he's not just telling them amen that I'm going to I'm going to redeem you but he says I want you to make a bigger house. I want you to make bigger rooms. I want you to start preparing because my desire, my predestinated plan, I'm going to keep. It don't look like it's possible with you right now, but I promise you, I've got a a a a wonderful end for you in my mind. Amen. Well, that might not mean much for for for for a lot of you that's never fallen, but it means a whole lot for somebody. Amen. Who's just looking for a way to come back? Looking for a way to be restored. Looking for a way when it's hard. Listen, it's hard to be restored. It's hard to come back. It's hard. You've got every demon in hell telling you, amen, that you belong in captivity, that you don't belong in freedom, and that that land does not belong to you. But when God comes back and tells you, "Amen, I've allowed the child in. I've allowed your captivity. I've brought it on to you. But I'm telling you, I'm bringing you back because I've got an everlasting call for you." Hallelujah. Can you say amen? That fourth verse, fear not. For thou shalt not be ashamed, neither be thou confounded, for thou shalt not be put to shame. For thou shalt forget the shame of thy youth, and thou shalt not remember the reproach of thy widowhood anymore. For thy maker is thine husband, and the Lord of hosts is his name. And thy redeemer, the Holy One of Israel, the God of the whole earth, shall he be called. For the Lord, hath called thee as a woman, forsaken, and grieved in spirit, a wife of youth. When thou was refused, saith thy God, for a small moment have I forsaken thee, but with great mercy, someone shout hallelujah, will I gather thee. In a little wrath I hid my face from thee for a moment, but with everlasting kindness. That's your time to shout. Amen. With everlasting kindness will I have mercy on thee, saith the Lord, thy redeemer. Oh, glory to God. You know, Amen. I I know this is just a Wednesday night, but you can still feel good on a Wednesday night. Amen. God loves to renew. God loves to restore. God loves Amen. to bring you back. God loves to reinvigorate. God loves to take you when you're weary and you're tired. And God loves to bring his promise back to you. Can you say amen for you kids here? You know, I we we preach of the mercies of God and the mercies of God are incredible. And you also hear us preaching, amen, of you know Sometimes some messages are hell, fire, and brimstone. And and you wonder, well, which which one do we believe? Well, you're going to live both. Here on this earth, you're going to live both because when you walk away from God, you're going to reap what you sow. Amen. You're going to receive. The Bible says that God Amen. He chastises. He spanks and corrects every one of his sons. And he says, "And if you are not with correction and you refuse to be corrected by God," Amen. The Bible just calls you a bastard. True. Amen. So, you're going that that shows you that you're going to have some mistakes in your life. And you're going to be whooped for it. And the best thing that you could ever do is say, "Lord, Amen. I'm sorry." And admit when you're wrong. Amen. And ask God to help you to make a right. But don't you ever forget who you are. Even when you're in the woodshed. Hallelujah. Don't you ever forget who you are. Amen. when you're sitting there in in in in the mess of your own making. You made the mess. It ain't nobody's fault but yours. You're the one that rebelled against God. And now you're suffering the consequences of that rebellion. And it is God that wasn't going to allow you to succeed in your rebellion. Well, praise the Lord. The serpent's children, they just do it and they don't care. And it they get blessed by it, but God's not going to let you get blessed by it because you're his son. You're his daughter. You're his bride. Well, can you say amen? But you see the mercies of God. Even in the trial, my trial, my my spanking, if if you will, sometimes I'm in a spanking. Amen. Even when God Amen. His wrath I he hallelujah his patience wears out just like your mas and daddies sometimes where Amen he'll give you the warning once or twice and and then all of a sudden he's going to get his he's not one of those daddies like we are today. Amen. Don't believe in spanking their children. Amen. Matter of fact, he says he says spank them. They'll surely not die. Hallelujah. That's the way that's the way God says it. And if and if he's telling parents to do that, well, he's the parent of all parents. He says, if you give respect unto your your earthly father, how much more should you have respect for your heavenly father, honor him and respect him and live? Can you say amen? Amen. But the thing that he's looking for is he knows who you are. He knows that you you come from him. He knows that you are his and that he is your father. And you know what he's going to do? I promise you, he's never going to give up on his sons and his daughters. He's going to keep on correcting them. And I and I and I just want to give you a little bit of Amen. A side note here. the quicker that you can understand, amen, that you're an idiot and that God knows what he is trying to do in your life and you admit that you're the idiot and you admit that you are wrong and that you need God, amen, the quicker you're going to come forth in life, especially in the presence of God. Well, can you say amen? You see, the Bible says there in Isaiah, Amen 40, he talks about the renewing. Amen. You see, God allows you to fall flat on your face so that you can see yourself that you're a failure to begin with. He He allows you to fall on your face. Amen. That you so that you can find that you can't that you you can come to your senses. And I love it there in Isaiah 40 and 29. He says, "I'll give power unto the faint." Amen. And to them that has no might, he'll increase their strength. Amen. Amen. The next verse, even the youth shall faint and be weary, and the young men shall utterly fall, but they that wait upon the glory, shall renew. You know what God's saying? I'm a God of restoration. But you're going to have to do it God's way now. You got to do it God's way. Humble yourself and God will lift you up. Well, that should make you want to shout. Amen. Hallelujah. God will forgive their sins, heal their land, renew their strength, so that they shall mount up as eagles. Amen. They shall run and not be weary, and they shall walk and not faint. Hallelujah. I I think of Joel 2. Amen. as he talks about backsliding Israel and being symbolic to the church and how it was symbolic a man of the seven church ages how they wandered from Christ and the word and become quite independent and self-sufficient and and has suffered widowhood and and he talks about how that the caterpillar and the palmer and and the locust and amen these things were were eaten away at the tree. And God pronounces judgment upon him and he says, "I have sent my great army." God calls it his great army. I sent my army to eat up your tree. That's right. But when there was the repentant heart, then God says, "But I will restore all the years that the palmer worm, cankerworm, caterpillar, the locust has has eaten. I will restore that tree, saith the Lord." I don't want you living under the condemnation. I want you to accept. Amen. I want you to catch where you've been, what you've gone through, and that I've got a plan for your life that is greater than anything that you think you've got to offer. Well, praise the Lord. Can you say amen? Hallelujah. And when God looks to them, now now he's just talking about it and and and if you were to go on down, Amen. When you go on down to Joel uh 2 and 18, now he he's he's they they this is this this is just another time where Israel as Yes, they've been doofuses. But God has finally got Listen, when God pulls his spirit from you, that that's not the time to go to pretending. That's the time to start begging for mercy. When when that's when that presence isn't there like you know it should be. God's lifted his spirit for some reason. And we've got to go and start asking God, where am I at? What have I done? What what Lord I and start examining our heart and taking the blood of Jesus Christ and start doing a little bit of washing. Well, can you say amen? Amen. But watch watch God's attitude. there in Joel 2 and 18. Yay, the Lord will answer and say unto his people, behold, I will send you corn and wine and oil, and you shall be satisfied therewith, and I will no more make you a reproach among the heathen. But I will remove far off from you the north army and will drive him into a land barren and desolate with his face toward the east sea and his hinder part toward the utmost sea. And his stink shall come up and his ill savor shall come up because he hath done great things. Fear not, oh land, be glad and rejoice, for the Lord will do great things. Be not afraid, ye beast of the field, for the pastures of the wilderness do spring, for the tree beareth her fruit. I'm talking about restoration. The fig tree and the vine do yield their strength. Be glad then, ye children of Zion, and rejoice in the Lord your God, for he hath given you the former rain moderately, and he will cause to come down upon you for you the rain, the former rain, and the latter rain. The floor shall be full of wheat, and the vats overflow with wine and oil. And I will restore to you the years that the locust have eaten, the cankerworm and the caterpillar and the palmer worm, my great army that I sent among you. And you shall eat in plenty and be satisfied. Well, that's your time to start shouting hallelujah. And praise the name of the Lord your God that hath dealt wondrously with you. And my people shall not or shall never be shamed. and you will know that I'm in the midst of Israel, that I am the Lord your God, and none else, and my people shall never be ashamed. Can you say amen? So, so what what are these scriptures, these two scriptures that I've shown you? Israel is a type of the bride that doesn't always hit it right. We don't always hit the mark. And God brings us to those situations in our lives, amen, where we can't go over around or behind or anything else. So that God, because he's wanting a certain thing out of every one of us, he's wanting his glory to be revealed in us. And God loves to reinvigorate. God loves to renew. God loves to restore. And I just want to tell you there wasn't nothing that the palm worm that the caterpillar that the locust that none of those could do to destroy God's people. They were simply put there. He says I have created the waster to destroy. I have created the smith. Amen. To to to to heat up the fire so that he could bring an instrument of his choosing. Hallelujah. Oh, that makes me want to shout. God brings the fire. God brings the waster. God, Amen, takes those things. Amen. Because the things that can be destroyed in our lives, God wants them destroyed. Amen. God wants pride destroyed. God wants, Amen. all of these other self-dependence and all of those things destroyed in our lives. He wants us to look to him. He is making something beautiful. He is Oh, glory to God. You say, "Oh, but I'm in shambles right now." Oh, those aren't shambles. Those things that are burning around you. Amen. They're not eternal. It's your soul that is eternal. And God is bringing you and he's making you and he's creating a masterpiece out of you. God allows those things because he's got a certain product in mind. My pastor when I was growing up, I I remember one thing that he had said. Hallelujah. He says, "Sometimes you try to we try to hide it when we when we're getting whooping from the Lord or we're going through a trial and we try to act like there's nothing wrong." He says, you know, he says, ' And that's the greatest sign that you're a son of God. That's the greatest. He says, ' Maybe the church needs to see that you're a son of God, that you're a daughter. Well, praise the Lord. Oh, but I've just blown it, Brother Wendell. I just I just Oh my, how am I ever going to What? What if What if God? That's Listen, that's the greatest sign. Well, can you say amen? Amen. I I I've been I've been I've been spanked a lot of times from the Lord. Hallelujah. And and when I when you're getting spanked from the Lord, Amen. You don't want to lift up your head and you don't want to lift up your hands and you don't want to Well, praise the Lord. Amen. Matters of fact, you're it's easy to get into that woe is me and everything else. But God says, "No, I've given you my word and I expect." Can you say amen? Amen. But I've got to say that the situations of my life, hey, this is a Wednesday night. Praise the Lord. the situations of my life that I have gone through where I have I I where God has given me such um incredible spankings. Hallelujah. Amen. I've got to say I don't ever want to go back through it again, but I will tell you that God has brought me out on the other side with more character. He's brought me out on the other side with a greater love for him, a greater respect for him. Can you say amen? God loves to restore, to renew, to reinvigorate. Well, glory be to God. Amen. Can you say amen? Hallelujah. Brother Brandham would say now brothers or you say he was he was in the prayer and he said he says you say brother Brandham I'm sick and tired of these little old things and I got petty petty things that's hung on me so long. I'm always talking out of turn. I'm doing things I shouldn't do. I know it's not becoming to a Christian. I don't want to do that. God knows I don't. I don't want to listen to that old spirit anymore. It's the thing that's kept me down all my life from having real love and real freedom in Christ. I want you to pray for me, brother Brandham, that'll leave me this day. He says, "Will you raise your hands, every head bowed, God bless you, oh my dozens of hands, little old petty things, little old things that make you talk or start some kind of a little of fussing in the church, make you take sides of something on this side or another like that." And that, oh, that's ungodly. That's discord among brethren. Don't do that. You don't want to do that. You don't want to do that. and the little old things, your little tempers and everything else to keep you down. Say, "God, I don't want that thing no more. I'm sick and tired of it. I'm ready today to discard it. I'm coming now, Lord. I want to get away from all my selfishness. If my brother doesn't treat me right, I'll pray for him anyhow. If my daddy doesn't treat me right, I'll love him anyhow. If my wife doesn't treat me right, or my husband, I'll go about humble before God." Lord, I look only to your kingdom. I want my mind straight. I want my heart full of joy. I want to go about when trouble is really buzzing around me. I still want to stand with my hands up, my heart pure before you, Lord, knowing this that someday I'll meet you and I want that kind of experience. Lord, make me that from this day. I wonder if there's anybody that could say amen to that. Let me be that kind. Help me, Lord. Fill in the blanks. But brother Brandham, hey man, it's in this or that. Those things that we have allowed. Pride is what does those things and pride is what won't is is the thing that won't allow Leo to see it or repent. But yet the elect of the Leoysian age, the zeal of the age is repentance. And the power of the age is restoration. The zeal of the age is God, I'm wrong. The power of the age is going back to Adam and Eve. The authority, come on, church. The zeal of the age, the requirement of this age is I'm wrong. And the anointing of the age is that rapture anointing to take us back. Not just back, Amen. to when we were first Christians. Not just back to where uh the first church, but all the way back in the to the mind of God. what he saw of you in the beginning, reigning on this earth over every devil, every power, living in a perfect body, living with freedom from mind battles, living freedom from every kind of the devil. God's allow. Can you say amen? Everyone say it with me. No weapon formed no weapon formed against me against me shall prosper God is using the de devil can do whatever he wants to do but all he's doing is drawing you closer well praise the Lord [Music] Amen. If God be for us, who can be against us? Can you say amen? Now, as I bring this to a close, it is God who says to the elect now, and we could go on I could go through Samson. I we could go through we we could go through many of these of these of these deals, but we're not but you catch my drift. But it is God. It it is it it is God the Apostle Paul talking about God's mind and and and and and the Apostle Paul when we look there amen there in Romans 8:31 it says what shall we say then to these things if God be for us who can be against us 33rd verse Who shall lay anything to the charge of God's elect? It is Christ. It is God that justifies. Who is he that condemns us people? Us us guys who have who blow it over and over and over. But yet when God is looking at you and God's talking about everyone else, he's saying, "Who is he that's condemning you? I'm the one that's justified." Did you know the greatest thing that ever that we that for for every one of us to overcome? It's not me overcoming you or overcoming your your your your failure to me. I I you know, I'm I'm one of those guys that I know I'm going to fall and I know you're going to fall and so I'm just I want to be quick to forgive because I want you to forgive me, too. That's just the way it is. And I want to work very hard to not to to to to not hurt anybody, right? That's the way we all want to. and and for and and and and if and if I've got this attitude toward you and I'm I'm I'm carrying a grudge against you and a grudge against you and a grudge, it just shows how narrow-minded I am because for me to be holding faults against you guys. I must think that I'm pretty high. I know that I have came out of the same lump that you guys have come out of. Right. Praise the Lord. But you know what's the hardest thing for for a Christian? It's not it's not forgiving you. It's me forgiving me. It's you forgiving you. I I I have I have more nightmares about me hurting or me failing than I've ever had about you hurting me. Now, you hurt Well, I'm not saying you've hurt me. I mean, you we all hurt one another and it hurts. But there is nothing like laying in a bed tossing and turning all night because of your failures. Am I right? Am I the only one that fights my that I I that it's the inward thing here? And the apostle Paul is telling us, who is it that is condemning you? It is Christ who died. It is Christ who has justified you. It is Christ who has put you in his book. It is Christ. How can how can daddy love me and still spank me? It's because of his love that he does spank you. It's because of mama's love that she does spank him. But what's the purpose behind it? Well, praise the Lord. I never spank my boys just to get pleasure. I spank my boys because they they need some growing up. They they I I I want I I I want them to become good men. Well, praise the Lord. Amen. So, as I as I as we wind it down here tonight, Lord, when I look in the mirror and I see, it's easy for me to say, "Lord, renew my brother. Renew my sister. Lord, be good to him." But it's time for us to go to the Lord in prayer and ask the Lord, "Give me grace. to forgive myself. Give me grace because ultimately the Lord is the one who is up is who has who has seen your uprisings and your downsittings. And I just want to let you know the psalmist the psalmist who who was one of the greatest men. I love I love David. I love David because I can see myself in David so many times. Hey, I love Peter because I can see Wendle Martin and Peter so many times. I you know, right? But I loved it when David was saying, "If I should rise in the early of the mornings, or if I should rise on the wings of the mornings, go into the heavens, thou art there. And when I make my bed in hell, thou art there. There is no place I can go away from your presence. Lord, let us let us look at ourselves in the image that God is wanting us to be. And ultimately ultimately can I just read read one scriptures the musicians come in they're in Ephesians 8 or or Romans Romans 8 and uh all of the same scripture I've read the same chapter I've been reading from on some of these others but Romans 8 what's what's what's the thing that God's doing? What is God doing? Romans 8:28. We know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose. For whom he did forno them he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son. If God has predestinated every one of his children, put that back up there, Sister Keys. If God has predestinated every one of his children, and that's what he's saying, for whom he did forno, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son. then it's God's responsibility to make sure you get there. Aren't you glad you have a God like that? Aren't you glad then I and I don't care. I've been I've been a preacher. I've been pastoring for 36 years. So that's not even the time I've been a Christian. But God's still treating me like a son and God's still working on me. And you know why is because he has predestinated me to that word image. And let me just prophesy to you. I shall arrive. Why don't you prophesy to yourself? I shall arrive. If God has spoke it, it must come to pass. And there is no weapon that is formed against. Oh, Satan loves it when God gives permission. Amen. For him to do something. But I just want to tell you, Satan, you cannot destroy me. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater that is in me, he that is. Let's try a verse. Oh, Satan's like roaring [Music] lion. Oh, seeking whom he may devour or tells the so. Oh, many souls have been his prey to fall in some weak hour. Oh, but God has promised us today his overcomeing power. Yes, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Hear me devil that is in me than he that is in the world. Yes. On the day of Pentecost, a rushing mighty wind. Yeah. It blew into the upper room and baptized all of them. Oh, with the power greater than any earthly foe. I'm so glad. I'm so glad. I've got to let the Well, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in. That's why you need the Holy Ghost. It changes your desires. It changes your heart. You now have his desires. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. [Music] Hallelujah. Do you love him? Psalms 89 and 20 says, "I have found David my servant. With my holy oil have I anointed him, with whom my hand shall be established, and mine arm also shall strengthen him. The enemy shall not exact upon him, nor the son of wickedness afflict him. I will beat down his foes before his face, plague them that hate him. But my faithfulness and my mercy shall be with him, and in my name shall my horn or my strength be exalted. I will set his hand also in the sea, and his right hand in the rivers. He shall cry unto me, "Thou art my father, my God, the rock of my salvation. And I will make him my firstborn, higher than the kings of the earth. And I will keep him, keep for him forever. My mercy will I keep for him forever, and my covenant shall stand with him, and his seed also will I make to endure forever, and his throne as the days of heaven." Now, he's talking about me and you there. If his children forsake my law and walk not in my judgments, if they break my statutes and keep not my commandments, then will I visit their transgressions with the rod and their iniquity with stripes. But I want everyone to read with me here. Nevertheless, my loving kindness will I not utterly take from him, nor suffer my faithfulness to fail. My covenant will I not break, nor alter the thing that has gone out of my lips. Once have I sworn by my holiness that I will not lie unto David. I'm glad to have Amen. my father David. We know who the real David was. That's Jesus Christ. That's the real David. And I will not allow his children. Oh yeah. I'm going to give him a whipon plenty of times, but my mercy. Don't you just love him? Aren't you glad that God's not living in our society, but God says, "Listen, in this big time society or this society that knows nothing about correction and will not come under correction, they just they're just just Bible says they're just rebellious." Brother Brandham says it's just lawlessness. There's a bride He has his bride that sang, "Thy will is my desire." Do you love him? I love him tonight. Well, hopefully hopefully my thoughts here this evening were a blessing to you. If God be for me, ain't no devil, ain't no spanking, ain't nothing that's going to destroy me. Can you say amen? Glory be to God. Well, what are we going to sing, Brother Kobe? As we dismiss in the [Music] like a picture that [Music] you love. [Music] story. I could have had a really different story, but you came down from heaven to restore me. Forever changed my life. [Music] Nobody loves me like you love me. [Music] I stand in awe of your amaze. I'll worship you as long as I am. Oh yeah. God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me like you. Oh mountain even when it feels like I'm [Music] surrounded. You never leave my side. [Music] Nobody of your amazing way. I worship you. I worship you as long as I am. You faithful and true. Nobody loves me like [Music] you. Nobody loves me like you love. Thank you. Thank you. [Music] I worship you as long as I am. [Music] Now tonight, if there's repenting that needs to be done, and I know some of you are just coming back to the Lord, and I and I want you all to know you that are coming back. We're not Catholics around. We simply yield ourselves to the Lord. But it's got to be a real we we we can't we can't bargain with God. We can't say, "I'll do this if you do that." That it just ain't going to work. We got to do it God's way and God's way alone. But if we do it God's way, I just want you to know that you have you have every right to the throne room that I have to the throne room. You you have every right you have every right to come and talk to papa just like I have. There is no difference. I I always use Stephanie as my example. You know, Stephanie was just a ranked sinner and then and and and just a couple months after she gives her heart to the Lord, God gives her a brand new lip. And if you guys heard her testimony or read her testimony, you would know that this girl was no saint. She did some pretty rough stuff. I've been a Christian since a little boy, trying to keep the commandments of God and the laws of God and trying to be a good Christian. She went her way defying the laws of God and and and and the reason that she's had a bad liver is because she abused her body. And yet when God gave her a brand new liver, [Applause] so there's nothing to earn. There's everything to learn, but nothing to earn. You don't You don't earn anything. But God does what it takes. Now, just because God gave her a brand new liver doesn't mean that she's somebody special and that God's not going to spank her occasionally. You get she also gets the same spankings I get, right? Because we're sons, we're daughters. when we see this in our when we see these kinds of things in God's word and that's exactly the way the prophet brought that word to us. This message is not a message of condemnation. This message is a message of holiness and purity. And when you're wrong, God's expecting you to repent. But on the other on the flip side of the coin, Satan can do anything he want. He can try and try and try and try and try and try and try to convince you of anything else. And I just say tonight, fooy with you, devil, your days of me listening to you is just it's just so stupid. I'm not listening to you. I boy, I'm using a lot of words that you boys and girls are not supposed to be using. Amen. But I'm just saying, you know, I am I I am fed up with the devil and I'm going to believe what God's word says about me. Amen. Amen. So, so where wherever we are, wherever we stand, whether wherever you are in your walk with God, God requires young, old, one-year-old Christian, 50-year-old Christian, he require it's the same zeal, repentance, saying, "Lord, I want your word. I want eyes for my eyes. I want clothed be clothed with your righteousness. I want your grace to be upon me. I want your favor. I want to be conform to that image. Can I hear a great big amen? God bless you. Love every one of you. Amen. Let the Holy Spirit come. Let's just let's just sing. Holy Spirit [Music] rain down. Come up on my seat. Rain. Oh yeah, my [Music] comfort. Oh, I need your touch again. Holy Spirit, rain my Lord, rain down. Rain down. Let your fire fall. Let your voice. Help me Lord. Change my heart as God bless you. Now let you dismiss yourselves this evening. We love you. Rain down. Looking forward to a wonderful Easter service. Rain down. Won't you rain down? You're my comfort, oh Jesus. How I need your touch. Holy Spirit, rain, fall on me. Fall on me, Lord. Rain down. Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on the word down. [Music] Eyes have seen and our ears have heard. Yes, we know what God has in store. of heaven and open it wide over your church and [Music] over [Music] rain Yeah.
