################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-11 - 2025-06-11 Bro Wendall Martin Water Of Separation - Wendall Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-11
Title:    2025-06-11 Bro Wendall Martin "Water Of Separation"
Speaker:  Wendall Martin
Church:   New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 8m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qRIK2yjXr74
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
broken into remade exactly like you. Lord, may I be willing to die as I daily take up my cross with a crucified heart. [Music] Oh Lord, give me a crucified heart broken into remade exactly like you. Lord, may I be willing to die and daily take up my cross for the crucified [Music] with the Fire of your spirit. Consume me Lord and make me more like you. Break me Lord and bless the broken pieces of my life so I can be used, Lord. by you. Consume me Lord with the fire of your spirit. Consume me Lord and make me more like you. Oh, break me Lord and bless those broken pieces of my life. Let me be used Lord by you. Consume me Lord with the fire of your spirit. Consume me and make me more like you. Break me, Lord, and bless the broken pieces of my life. Let me be [Music] by you. I just wanna be by you [Music] [Music] with you. Show me your way. I put my hope in you. The cry of my heart is to love you more. To live with the touch of your hand. Stronger each day. Lord, show me your way. Show me your way. [Music] I want to walk with you. Show me your way. I put my hope in you. The cry of my heart is to love you more. To live with the touch of your hand. Stronger each day. [Music] Lord, show me your way. Show me a way [Music] that I may walk with you. Show me your way. [Music] I put my hope in you. Cry of my heart is to love you more. To live with the touch of your hand. Stronger each day. [Music] Lord, show me your way. [Music] We bow our hearts. We bend our knees. [Music] Oh spirit, come make us humble. [Music] We turn our eyes from evil things. Oh Lord, we cast down our idols. Give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. Give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. We bow our hearts. We bow our hearts. Yes, we do, Lord. Oh spirit, come make us humble. We turn our eyes. teacher our rights from evil things. Oh Lord, we cast down our idols. Give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Yes, Lord. Let us not lift our souls to another. Give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to one. God. Let us be and go. Let us be the generation that seeks seeks your face. Oh God of Jacob, go let us be the generation that seeks. Seek your face, oh God Jacob. And what can wash away my sin? Nothing but the blood of Jesus and what can make me whole again. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. And oh precious years that flow that makes me like as no other found. I know nothing but the blood of Jesus. And for my part in this I see nothing but the blood of Jesus. And for my cleansing this my plea and nothing but the blood of Jesus and oh precious gives that flow that makes me white as snow found I know Nothing but the blood of Jesus and nothing can for sin atone. Nothing but the blood of Jesus and not of good that I have done. Oh nothing but the blood of J. Oh, precious. Oh, precious is that flow that makes me white as snow. You're found I know. And nothing but the blood of Jesus. I heard it all old story. How my savior came from glory. How he gave us like the same speed on Calvary to save a wretch like me. Oh, I heard about his groaning. how his precious blood aton [Music] I repented of my sin and won the victory. Oh victory. Oh victory in Jesus. Oh my savior forever. He sought me. Yes he did. And he bought me with his redeeing blood. Oh, he loved the air. I knew him and all my love is to him. He clung me to victory beneath the fle. Can we do one more now? And I heard about his healing of his precious power revealing how he made the lame to walk again. And he caused the blind to see. Yes, he did. And then I cried, "Dear Jesus, come and heal my broken spirit." And somehow Jesus came and brought to me. If you have the victory, tell someone about it tonight. Oh, victory in Jesus. Oh my savior. [Music] Oh, he loved me. I knew him in all my love. Yes, to him. He bunched me to victory beneath the cleansing blood. And I heard about a mansion he has built for me. Yeah, Lord. And I heard about the streets of gold beyond the crystal sea. about the age. You're singing in the old redemption story. And some sweet day I'll sing up there the song of victory. Oh, victory in Jesus my savior forever. He sought me and he bought me with his redeeming blood. He loved me and I knew him and all my love is through him. He launched me to victory beneath the cleansing flood. What a mighty God we serve. Yeah. What a mighty God we serve. Oh angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. Yeah. Jesus is the God we serve. Oh Jesus is the God we serve. earth. All angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. Jesus is the God we serve. Do you love him tonight? Amen. Is he a mighty God? Hallelujah. What a mighty God we serve tonight. Amen. like to go to prayer if I may and ask brother Michael if you would mind coming. It is good to see him and sister Amy and their children back with us tonight. Sure missed them while they were gone. It's also good to see the Torren kiddos back with us tonight and children, young people. Amen. Good to see them as well. It's good to see brother Josh, his family back with us. Amen. always miss him while they're gone. And we got one more. It's good to see Brother Luke. Amen. Have him back with us. He did get married yet, so that's good. Amen. But it is good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. I don't have any written requests, but let's remember all the needs in our church. Uh, Brother John, Brother Torrance, Grandpa, all the ones that are sick among us that the Lord would come down and heal them. Amen. How many has a need upon your heart? Just make it known by the lifting of your hand now. God bless you. Amen. You love him here this this evening. Let's just go to the Lord in prayer. Heavenly Father, we just thank you, Lord, for the ability to be able to come to your house, Lord. Lord, you've kept us from sickness. Lord, you've healed our bodies. Lord, you've watched out over us on the roads. And Lord, you've just been there every step of the way. And I would just like to thank you, Lord, for all that you do. Even the things that we don't see, Lord, that I know that this time is dedicated for prayer, but and the things, Lord, that we're asking for. But we just want to thank you. And Lord, you see the hands that are lifted in this building, Father, and the needs that are represented with these hands. And Lord, you see the people, you see their hearts, you see their desires, Lord. Father, I would just pray that during the sermon today that you would just bless them, Lord, through the preaching of your word and Lord, it may just stabilize faith in our hearts. We would pray that you would be with brother John Torrance. Lord, I would ask God that you would just be with our brother Gadman, Lord, him and his wife, Father, how they've just been struggling in health. But Lord, we know brother Gadman, he's just a strong man of faith and his wife. Lord, I would just pray that you would just be with him. Lord, we know that you're going to help them and any of the other needs that have been represented here. We see our sister Angie's in the back, Lord. And I would just pray that you continue to be with her, Lord. Strengthen her and her body, Lord. And the other needs that are here that we just haven't been said. I would just pray that you'd be with them. We thank you, Lord. Ask you these things in Jesus name. Amen. Thank you. Sister Amy, do you have a song tonight? Amen. Can we do that Jesus? That deep Jesus blinded all my darkness. Spark my heart within. His grace and mercy lit a passion. Consume my sin. Now like a city on a hilltop, I'll shine through the night. I am a lamb made for his glory. I will not hide. Sing it now. I've been touched. Oh, I've been touched by your fire. Let the world come and watch me burn. Shout it from the rooftop. shouted to everyone has heard. This love will never be extinguished. Thank you, Lord, for that. It's alive, wild, and free. I'm overtaken by his power. [Music] His spirit in me. His spirit in me. His spirit in me. Wo, I've been How many can say that tonight? Come and watch me burn. Thank you, Lord. I will shout it. Shout it till Sing it one more time now. Oh, I be Oh, let the world [Music] shout it from the rooftops. Shout it till everybody do that last part now. Oh, Jesus has changed my life. His name be lifted high. His holy fire is burning inside of me. Jesus changed. Can you say that tonight? Has he changed your life? This holy fire is burning inside of me. Oh, I cannot hold inside. I cannot keep it quiet. This holy fire is burning. I cannot I cannot hold inside. I cannot keep it quiet. This holy fires burn inside of me. Oh, and I've been touched by a fire. Let the world [Music] shout it now. Oh, shout it. Shout it until everyone has heard. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. God bless you. Now, you may be seated. As I passed by, Sister Carol, she requested this song. I was cleaning a house um just like fighting on every front and um and I just thought, Lord, I don't even know how to fight. I don't even know what to do. And and then I just this song just came to me and I just started singing it. Sang the whole chorus through and I just thought the Lord gave it to me. So many questions, so many defeats, so many trials have got the best of me, so many dark nights. I cried out in agony, just beating at the air, living far below my means. Lord, teach my hands to war and teach my eyes to see [Music] your purpose and your battle plan. Lord, reveal your will to me and teach my heart to trust in this weapon you gave me. Cuz I grow weary, Lord, from fighting in my own ability. [Music] Teach these hands to war. [Music] So many triumphs, so many victories, so many battles. I've won down on my knees, so many mountains, were cast into the sea. when I've learned to just stay still and let your Holy Ghost teach me. Teach my hands to war and teach these eyes to see your purpose and your battle plan. Lord, reveal your will to me and teach my heart to trust in this weapon you gave me as I grow weary, Lord, from fighting in my own abil. Teach my hands to war, cuz I can't do this on my own. I know I'm called to win this fight. So teach me how to use your word. Holy Spirit, be my guide. Teach my hands to war and teach these eyes to see your purpose and your battle plan. Lord, reveal your will to me and teach my heart to trust in this weapon you gave me. Cuz I grow weary, Lord, from fighting in my own ability. [Music] Teach my hands to war. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] Amen. What a song. Amen. It should be all of our prayers tonight as teach our hands to war. Amen. Can we stand to our feet as we invite the man of God? Was thinking of the song today. I will praise him. I will praise him for his blood has washed away my guilty state. Oh, I [Music] will praise him. Oh, I will praise him. Sing it as the man of God comes. Praise the lamb for sin sl [Music] for is Sister Leah. Do you know those verses? Does anyone know the verses of this song? Oh, I will praise him. Oh, I will praise him. Praise The sus. Glory [Music] for await sin. Let's sing it again. Oh, I will praise him. I will praise him. Praise the Lamb for sinners sake. Oh, give him glory. [Music] For his blood has washed away sin. I'm so thankful for the blood of Jesus washing away of our of our sins, those iniquities that we had. There was there was no way no way possible for us to ever come into the into the presence of God. that no no way we could ever come into our position. But Christ made a way. He made a way. And I'm so thankful for the blood of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. So thankful. Good to be back in the house of the Lord. It's good to see all of those who have been missing and brother Michael and his family. [Applause] Amen. They were gone for a long time. Amen. Like mother, like daughter. Amen. And then brother, good to see brother Josh. Sister Loretta make it home. Sister Torren's family make it home. And let's see who's who. Yeah, brother Luke. Amen. Good to see he's made it home. I heard Kobe say he came back without a wife. So, I guess that's a good thing. Amen. But we It's good to see everyone. Good to see you, Sister Bella. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. God is so good to us. Let's look here in the in the book of Isaiah, the 59th chapter. We uh we've got two incredible um needs that we want to always keep before the Lord. And uh uh one of them is Brother Donald uh fixing to have open heart surgery this next Tuesday. and um um you know he's got he's got um they you know said that he's got heart disease and um which it's it's the walls of the heart from what I'm understanding the walls of the arteries that um get are hardened and infected and so it they they don't they don't work like they're supposed to which then it allows stuff to get stuck in there because it's It's not it's not the squeezing and the pumping and whatever it's supposed to be doing. And and um and so u part of that part of the reason for the surgery is coming right out of the heart is is is right there where that where that starts. And so they're you know it's it's going to be tedious them going in and replacing uh veins and things. And so, uh, he went in for his pre- opt today. And, um, uh, I haven't heard back how how he how he's doing, but I I want us just every day to be praying for Brother Donald when when you've when you've got such a long, uh, when you've got a week and a half or so that you're waiting, there just just so much emotions can go in your mind. And so, let let's let's be praying for him. And then, brother uh, Brother Gadman. Uh but brother Gadman's in is he's he's he's in serious he's in serious shape, man. Um um they're wanting to cut out I mean it's it's just going to happen. They're going to cut out at least 10 inches of his intestines and and u but when they went back in there today all of his intestines is is is uh messed up. And so um so let's let's be praying for brother Gadman, you know, um it just this this this last year has been a year of sorrow for them. And um um brother Joseph and then we've we've got brother, you know, sister had a little cancer taken off and then um you know, brother Gadman has just not been feeling well at all. And so I I want us to really let's enter in to the to the suffering of u of of of these of these brothers and sister. I I I tell you um and both of them, brother Donald, uh brother Gadman and Sister Gadman, the three of them are just some of the best people around. And so uh brother brother Gadman doesn't have his family uh nearby. You know, of course, Sister Stephanie's here and and that's rough on her and and um so, you know, um I just when when we go to the Lord in prayer, I I want us to take these needs before the Lord. And we're going to go to the Lord in prayer before we uh even uh read the scripture here tonight. So, let's pray. Father, I've just brought these two needs, Lord, that have been on my heart, Father, as as Lord, these these are uh great men, Father, Brother brother Donald, and and Brother Gadman, and their love for you is impeccable. Their desire to help your people is is seen by all. And Father, they're in their time of need. And I pray God that you would help them. Lord, I pray, Holy Spirit, that your anointing would would be right there with Brother Donald. Lord, you can even heal that heart disease right now, Lord, as he's listening to this service. Father, I I pray, Lord, that you would be with him and strengthen his faith and give him confidence, Lord. I pray, Father, that you would be with Brother Gadman, Father, and if he's listening, I'm asking that you would strengthen his faith, Lord, and that you would bring healing to that colon, that you'll raise him up, Father. Lord, he has suffered quite a bit this last year, and I I just pray that you would be with him, be with Sister Gadman, Lord, as she's recovering from pneumonia, and and Lord, the sicknesses that she's going through. just ask that you would be with them. Father, we just ask that you would take this portion of the service and that you would anoint your word to our heart. I ask Lord that you would remove every obstacle that would not be like you. Lord, take every sin, every everything and place it underneath your blood. Help us tonight, Lord, in the name of the Lord Jesus. Can the church say amen? And amen. God bless you. Let's look here at Isaiah 59 and1. It says, "Behold, the Lord's hand is not shortened that it should that it cannot save, neither his ear heavy that it cannot hear. But your iniquities have separated between you and your God, and your sins have hid his face from you that he will not hear. I want to minister this evening on the waters of separation. You can be seated. we as we uh think along uh this this line here for this evening uh Lord willing this next week we're going to we'll start back on the church age book now that everyone will be back home but I want to minister on the waters of separation and and I want us to understand the that sin is is should will not be tolerated by God and cannot be tolerated by us by any of us. There is no sin that that we should ever u put before God. And um because sin separates the believer from God. Amen. And and so we we don't want and and as we just read here, it's he's the God is just saying that it's not that the Lord's hand is short. And it's lot not that his ears are heavy. It is simply that we've allowed sin to come in and sin has separated. The communication is is is has been severed. And so it'll keep you from God's blessings. Amen. It'll keep a sinner from God's blessings. It'll keep a saint from God's blessings. Just because you're coming to church and you've been a a a Christian for, you know, 50 years or you've been a preacher for a hundred years. That that does sin will separate the preacher just like it'll separate the sinner. Sin will separate the believer from God. Can you say amen? So we was as we think about this these waters of separation. Amen. I I want us to to look in in in our uh in the scripture because the the Bible says that God's word is a light. Amen. God's word is a mirror. God's word is Amen. It's a uh it's the revealer of our thoughts. as we have gone these last few services, how that the word of God, how that the word of God divides, Amen. divides us under between spirit and soul. Now, I did not say it divided between body and spirit. Amen. Your body and your spirit are connected together. They're inter that you they're interchangeable. You can't uh um your attitudes come out in your body. Your cravings come out through your flesh. your they're they're both together. But the word has come to separate spirit from the soul. Amen. Because your spirit is where your your your your is your appetite. But God's word comes in and separates the eternal. Amen. From the natural if if you understand that. So God wants us to look his word is is a light. It's important because we there's there's there is um there the world's got it today that truth is I've got my truth and you've got your truth. But that's not that's not accurate at all. God's word is truth. God's word is our absolute truth. And so amen we that the script this as the scripture says there in proverbs 21:2 every way of a man is right in his own eyes but the Lord ponders the hearts. So the man thinks that well I I am fine but you see God is the author of all righteousness. God is the author. He is the amen the originator of truth. And he's the one that is going to judge your heart. He He's the one that is separating Amen. soul and spirit. He's the one can Can you say amen? Amen. Proverbs 14:12. There is a way that seemth right to a man. Uh but the end thereof are the ways of death. So So there that that is telling us that there there can be justification. Amen. in our own hearts with God and and and it and it not come from God. Amen. That that we justify ourselves that we look and say, "Well, I'm not like this and I'm not like that. I'm coming to church. I I I've quit my drinking or I I I am I I'm now a musician or and and and we find ways to justify, Amen. our our ways with God." But let let me let me just let me just put it very clearly. There is only one source of righteousness. There's only one standard. It's not my standard. Not my standard. It's God's standard. It's not your parents' standard. Amen. It's not brother Brandham's standard. It is God's standard. It's his word. So we that the Bible says that God's word is like a light to us. Amen. God gives us his word to shine upon our hearts to let us know where we are with him. Well, aren't you glad for that? It's the mercy of God that shines his light to upon us. Remember, if you don't have God's light, you're in darkness. Amen. Everyone always says, "Amen. I love I love the lingo today. God knows my heart. He understands my heart. Yeah, he understands his heart. It's dark, smuddy. Amen. Just like the ju just like the uh the walls of hell. Hallelujah. God God knows you where your heart is. Amen. God knows where Well, I hope there's no hearts here. Let's darken somebody. But but the the the heart of a man, there's nothing of us that that can ever earn anything uh in our own ability. Everything has got to be according to the word of God. Now, now there in Jeremiah 17:9, it says, "The heart is deceitful above all things and desperately wicked. Who can know it? I the Lord search the heart. I am there looking." Amen. I search the heart. And the scripture says, and he says, I try the reigns even to give every man according to his ways and according to the fruit of his doing. Amen. Now, we understand as we have read many a times there in in Matthew 24:24 said there's going to be false Christs, false preachers, false anointed ones. Amen. And and they're going to show great signs and wonders. And he says it would be so close that it would deceive the very elected if it were possible. But what makes the difference? Why isn't it possible? Is because God has given his word to his elect. She cannot be deceived because God's word is shining upon her and she can see where she's walking. Well, aren't you glad for that? Amen. In this dark world. Hallelujah. Now, now the scripture says, it says there in in Psalms 90 and8, "Thou has set our iniquities before thee." In other words, God is shining a spotlight upon our every one of our hearts and he magnifies those iniquities when we come and he is showing us where we stand. Can you say amen? Amen. And he says, "Our our iniquities before thee, and our secret sins in the light of thy countenance." So when God's word is present, then God's word begins to reveal things about us that we need to see. And I want to tell you because it's the grace of God. He doesn't want you standing in judgment on the on the white throne judgment. He wants you standing, Amen. right here and cleaning your lives right now in his presence while you still got blood. There won't be any blood when you get on the other side. So God wants you to clean yourself up right here. Whoa, that just makes me feel good. Can you say amen? Now the word, God's word will be the final judge. Did you guys know that the Bible that we preach out of is the very word that that that you will that the sinners and the other church members, the church members that are saying, "Oh, it don't matter how we whether we cut our hair or not. It don't matter what we what we dress like. It don't matter how we live. It don't matter. It don't matter whether we're living in adultery or or or or however. It don't matter if we're telling lies. You know, God knows my heart." And the thing is, God sent his word to expose your heart. And if you won't allow God's word to expose your heart, then you're going to have to come up on the on the great white throne. And and and let's just read it. It's here in the book of Revelations, re Revelations the 20th chapter and the 11th verse. And it says, "And I saw a great white throne, and him that sat on it, from whose uh face the earth and the heaven fled away, and there was found no more place for them. I saw the dead, small and great, stand before God, and the books were open, and another book was open, which is the book of life. And the book and the dead were judged out of those things which were written in the books. What? What books? What books? You're going to be judged by the things written in the books. That's what your prophet said. You're going to be judged. So, so we don't ever want to take uh advantage of God and say, "Well, God, you've given me a prophet." and then not take the light that the God shone through that prophet in our lives and we justify sin. There should be no lukewarmness in the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Now, now watch this. It says uh the book of life, the dead were judged out of those things written in the books according to their works. The sea gave up the dead which were in it and death and hell delivered up the dead which were in them and they were judged every man according to their works. So, so we've got a book of names. Amen. That is going to have the book of life. It's going to have everything that you've done, everything you've said, everything every time uh uh uh brother Brandham even says there there will be a video playing, amen, of your life that you just cannot deny. Every time the preacher came up and told you, you need to really fix this and you said, "Well, I don't think I really do need to." That will be there on that day and there will be no recourse. Amen. There will be no recourse. You say, "Brother Wendle, we shouldn't be." Well, you I mean, we're beyond all of this kind of preaching, are we really? The word has come in this day so that we will know how to live. Amen. We should expect our preachers to preach, Amen. the truth. We should expect our preachers to preach hell hot and heaven sweet. Can you say amen? We should. Amen. because I don't want to go uh uh uh be there on that day and find out that my preacher, you know, hasn't quite been as honest with me as what he should have been. Hallelujah. So, so we want to look at that. So, the word is the only way that we can be deception proof. Amen. They're in Psalms 119 and 104. Through thy precepts I get understanding. Therefore, I hate every false way. I love that. Through thy precepts, I get understanding. And therefore, I hate every false way. Thy word is a lamp unto my feet and a light unto my path. Amen. I want to walk in the paths of righteousness. Can you say amen? In the beginning was the word. The word was with God. The word was God. Is that right? It was that word that called commanded light to shine out of darkness. John 1:9 says, "Amen. That he is the true light which lightth every man that cometh into the world." Amen. You you you'll never sleep slip anything over on God. You can't slip anything over on God because he is all knowing. He is the light. Amen. He dwells in the light. Are are you understanding? Where is Jesus tonight? Jesus is in the presence of that light. The same light that would come among us uh h through the pillar of fire. They would come to brother Brham. Amen. Jesus is living. That body is living in the presence of that almighty light. Can you say amen? That's exactly right. Now, amen. So, you'll never dumb down God. His nature will never change. So, what God ever says at one place, he'll say it. He'll mean it forever. Amen. What he says, he means. Somebody say, "What he says?" What he says, he means. Amen. There's a song that that that that we used to sing a lot. Oh, search me Lord. Oh, search me Lord. Shine your light down from heaven over my soul. If you find anything that should not be, take it out, oh Lord, and strengthen me. I want to live right. I want to be saved, and I want to be whole. Amen. Amen. So, thy sins have separated you from God. It's not that God can't hear. It's not that God's arm is short, right? Lord, help us to always walk. Can you say amen? And I will say any in any any of us that that stands in here tonight, Amen. We want that word to discern our heart. Hebrews 4:12. Amen. We should all know it by heart. For the word of God is quick or living. Amen. powerful and sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing unto the viding, a sunder of soul and spirit, and the joints and the marorrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. Let's go to the 13th verse. Amen. And neither is there any creature that is not manifest in his sight, but all things are naked and open unto the eyes of him in whom we have to do. Can you say amen? So, so what is what are we saying? The Almighty God has seen us in this dark world of of of sin and death that Satan has blinded every other other man and woman. But God's got some elect down in this planet earth. And God says, "I'm going to penetrate some light so that they can see. I know who they are, but I'm going to let them see who they are. I can see their sin, but I'm going to let them see their sin, and I'm going to pro provide them plenty of detergent. Well, glory to God. Hallelujah. Amen. You take you take that bleach a and you you take that ink and you and you drop it in bleach. Amen. Hallelujah. the through the blood of Jesus Christ, it doesn't just take away a little bit of the power, but it takes away all of the power and the stain of that ink. Are are you hearing me? And I just want to tell you, Amen. We we didn't know. We didn't know. We we we didn't know we were wrong until God's word come in and said, "You're wrong." We didn't know. Amen. We didn't know. But God shown his life. God convicted us by his spirit. And now there's blood. We can take every one of our sins, every one of our shortcomings, put them in the blood of Jesus Christ. Amen. And they can be forever more gone. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It's God's grace to his elect. Oh my. You you you Satan will never Satan will never stand before God on that day and say, "Well, they were just a protected bunch." Amen. And God brought us out of the honky tonks and and and and and and heathenism and and adulterous relationships. Brought us out of Amen. jail houses and prisons and well, come on now. He brought us all out of those things here to shine his light upon us. Amen. Hallelujah. What happens when the light shines? the light shines here. Here in 2 Corinthians 4 and2, Amen. Here's here's the believer. Now look at this. It says, "But have renounced the hidden things of dishonesty and not walking in craftiness, nor handling the word of God deceitfully." In other words, God sees my heart. Well, God don't mean that. Well, God understands. God understands one thing. That's his word, and that you need to line up to it. That's what God understands. And God has sent light to you for you to line up. Praise the Lord. Amen. He says, "But by the manifestation of the truth, commending ourselves to every man's conscience in the sight of God. But if our gospel be hid, it said to them that are lost, in whom the God of this world hath blinded the minds of them which believe not, lest the light of the glorious gospel of Christ, who is the image of God, should shine to them. Now, think about that. There's going to be those whose minds are blinded, and Satan is going to so blind them in order to keep the light of God from coming. But I just want to say predestination will always win out. Predestination will always win out. I don't care how foul you were. God, there was nothing that Satan can do. There was nothing that sin could do. There was nothing that could keep the light of God from penetrating you because you had to come out. Well, sin never did have Amen. He never did have dominion. He sin never did have uh uh the right to you. Sin never did have the title deed to you. Only God has the title deed. Satan's tried to take you. Satan's tried to destroy you. Satan's tried to destroy your life, your marriage, your your mind. But he's never had the title D. I want to tell you, the one who's got the title deed has sent the light down to you and said, "You are mine. You are mine. I've shed my blood for you. Amen. Come on back. I'll worship. I'll cleanse you. I'll make you what I want you to be. Can you say amen? Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Amen. Now, watch. He says the go the fourth verse again. and whom the God of this world hath blinded the minds of them which believe not, lest the light of the glorious gospel of Christ uh uh uh who is the image of God should shine unto them. For we preach not ourselves but Christ Jesus the Lord and ourselves your servants. For God, someone say hallelujah. Who commanded the light to shine out of darkness in the beginning, hath shined in our hearts to give the light of the knowledge of the of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ. Satan don't want. Matter of fact, Satan, Sister Keys, they're in uh uh let's just look at at the opposite there. Amen. Now, keep that because we want to go back to it in just a minute. But there in in uh in St. John uh 3 and um uh we'll just start there at the 16th verse. Amen. For God so loved the world that that he gave his his only begotten son uh that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life. And for God sent not his son into the world to condemn the world, but that the world through him might be saved. So God didn't send his son to send everyone to hell. He sent his son for the for the very uh vehicle to save. Now watch watch. Amen. That it says that the world through him might be saved. 18th verse. He that believeth on him is not condemned but he that believeth not is condemned already because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten son of God. And this is the condemnation that light is coming to the world and men loved darkness rather than light because their deeds were evil. For every man that doeth evil hateth the light, neither comes to the light, lest his deeds should be reproved. But he that doeth truth, someone shout hallelujah. comes to the light. That means you and I did not we were not born with the light. We were born in darkness. We were shaped in iniquity. But when the light comes, the elect says, "I'm coming to the light. I'm coming to the light. I'm coming back home. I'm coming back where I belong. I've always belong." Well, can you say amen now? I'm not going to sit here in the muck and the mire. I'm not going to sit here and play with these drugs anymore. I read flat. Why do that? Amen. My sin is going to keep me separated from God. Why do that? My God, I'm going to come back home. I'm going to come back to the light. I'm going to see God for his power. And where the light is, there is freedom. Well, praise the Lord. Amen. Why am I going to sit there in darkness in that cesspool? Amen. Of just constantly over and over and over and over got something against somebody. Amen. and and and and and and we'll go back and just and and just keep on gnawing on that person and keep gnawing on that person and you just do why why why your deeds are evil. Why don't you come to the light? Oh, glory to God. Well, yeah, you know, sneaking around cutting our hairs, you girls, I I I just I just want to see what I look like. Why? Your sin is separating you from God. Well, I'm just clicking here on on this deal here. It It's on the news and I'm just clicking here to see what it see what it says. And Amen. And and and and and yeah, the girl's not, you know, all the way undressed, but your sin has separated you from the power and glory of God. God has come to set us free. Amen. Now, we got to walk in the light. That song, I'll walk in the light. It's a beautiful light. It comes where the dew drops of mercies are bright. Shine all around me by day and by night. Jesus, the light of the world. I'm living in a dark world, but God's light is all around me. Oh, glory to God. Everyone's going to hell in a hand basket. Hallelujah. But there's light around us. Amen. The power of darkness is overtaking families everywhere. But there's light among the believers. Amen. Can you say amen? Hallelujah. So now, as as I as I just read, now here is here's two people. There's got some that would not come to the light because they loved the darkness. But the Apostle Paul says, "I've renounced all the hidden things of dishonesty. I've I I I I'm not walking in craftiness and handling the word of God deceitfully to to to to justify my state. I'm not doing that." Amen. for the light of the glorious gospel of Jesus Christ has come to shine on me and I have found out who I am. Well, glory, did you know that you weren't created to sin in the first place? There was none of you created to sin. Is that right? Hallelujah. The serpent's children never will come to the light. But I guarantee you, every one of God's sons and daughters will come to the light. Well, hallelujah. 1 John 1 and5 something that we this a scripture we should all know very well and this then is the message which we have heard of him and declare unto you that God is light in him is no darkness at all if we say we have fellowship with him and walk in darkness we lie and do not the truth but if we walk in the light as he is in the light the word we have fellowship one with another and the blood of Jesus Christ his son cleanses us from all sin if If we say we have no sin, we deceive ourselves and the truth is not in us. If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness. And if we say that we have not sinned, we make him a liar and his word is not in us. Can you say amen? Amen. So let the word let the word be my absolute. The word must be my absolute. If you're looking in the word Amen. and you're seeing some junk on you. It's God's word that's supposed to be the light. It's God's word that is the mirror. It's not God's word's problem. It's your problem. Amen. But it becomes God's problem when you apply the blood. Well, glory to God. Can you say amen? That's right. Amen. So, so as we have as we have talked about Amen. If you'd go to that slide, that first slide, Sister Keys, we have talked a little bit the these last several services on the Amen. on that tabernacle and and and so you've got your outer courts. Amen. And and your outer courts is on the inside of that or is on the inside of that uh that wall. Amen. And you see you see two things there. The first one that you that you come across is going to be Amen. that that's that's the place where they offered the uh uh uh the sacrifices. Amen. And then the other place if you were going in before you could go into the uh holy place, you were to come to that water labor. Amen. Now, you had the the breast the brass altar. There's where the fire was. There's where the sacrifice was burnt. There's there's where the the lamb amen was was slain for you. But your your your your goal your goal was to get back. And if Sister Keys, if you'd go all the way to the third go to the third slide there. Amen. And and and and the the the goal of the priest was to come and I don't know this. Did I try this before and it didn't work? Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. So the goal it's just not going to work right there. The goal is to get to that yellow part. Amen. Now you're coming in over here on this side. But the goal, the priest, your sins were not covered until you got over here to that uh right inside that holies of holies that that third that third place. Amen. Now you're justified with the blood. Amen. The blood was shed for you. The blood the the blood God is now able to look at you. But that water labor, and this is what I want to deal with for a few moments tonight, is the water labor was was had a mirror. They they were to take the women's looking glass. Amen. Now, back then, they didn't have glass. Mirrors weren't quite made back then, but they Amen. But it was it was made, they say, of of of real uh uh polished brass. And the scripture says that they were to take the the ladies uh matter of fact I had never seen it until today. Amen. Where the scripture says that uh uh that they were to take the lady's mirrors and to bring it in and they were to make uh that water labor and when and when they the priests would would they they would take the they as they were washing their hands. Amen. and and they it was like a mirror where they could see their reflection. Amen. They they could see the blood. They could see and they were to wash themselves before they could go in to that holy place. They had to wash themselves with that water. Amen. Uh uh brother Brandham called it the water of separation. It was going to separate from the outer court and now walking on into that holy place. Amen. This this was going to be a a a entering into the supernatural realm of God. It meant something. They could not go any further without you were not allowed inside that holy place until you come into that water labor. Amen. Those were the waters of separation. The pre It was a type that they were to look there there in in in uh there in the book of of he uh of of Ephesians. Here's here's what it let's let's look here in the book of Ephesians. It was a type of the word e Ephesians the 5th chapter. Amen. Ephesians 5. And it says um uh uh let's start at the first verse. Submitting yourselves 21st verse. Submitting yourselves one to another in the fear of God. Wives submit yourselves to your own husbands as unto the Lord. For the husband is the head of the wife, even as Christ is the head of the church, he is the savior of the body. Therefore, as the church is subject unto Christ, so let the wives be to their own husbands in everything. Amen. You got to you're subject to everything. You're not subject to you're not subject to the uh the man across the aisle from you. You are subject to your own husband as long as as long as he's doing things like the other guy. No, you are subject to your wife. He is your head. Or you are subject to your husband. He is your head. Amen. Now, you hear me? Now, there's there there's been a lot of people that that that you know uh uh they compare they compare their poor guy with everybody. Well, I don't have a ring like her and I she's got a nice car and I listen. Love doesn't Love is not things. Love has never been things. Love is a spiritual thing. You cannot go to the bank, Amen, or go to the store. You can't go to Dollar General and order a dollar worth of love. You cannot go to Sonic and ask for Amen. for the number two love basket. You cannot go anywhere and buy love. Love is a spiritual thing. God created man and woman, spirit beings first. So when you have your guy, you love him and the materialistic things really just doesn't matter. I mean, yeah, you do. It is nice having a car with air conditioner. Yes, it is nice, you know, having more than a than a 300 foot house. But the thing is you're marrying him because there is something about that man that is that that has attracted you there and that there is something about that girl that you have fallen in love with. You're inseparable. Amen. Even if you have to have an outhouse, right? Amen. And so so we we've got the so so we we we but love is not love is not bodies. Love is spirit. It's funny how wives choose not to honor their husbands based on natural things. with you do this and you do that and you do that. Love has nothing to do with that. Okay, I'll keep going on. But honor, loving your husband, respecting submitting yourselves to your own husband in all things is what the scripture says. Can you say amen? Amen. Now it says uh uh 25th verse, husbands, love your wives even as Christ also loved the church and gave himself for it. Now, now watch this. Christ, again, this was a spiritual thing. Your sins have separated you from your God. God says, I my girl is not going to be able to take care of herself and wash herself and in order to bring this restitution. Listen to me, men. You are the one. You are the one who is to bring restitution. You are the one that God has called to be the savior of the body. Hallelujah. So Christ so loved spiritual. It's the union invisible union. Christ so loved that he gave of himself in the flesh to bring reconciliation. Can you say amen? That he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of the water by the word. Amen. That he might sanctify. He gave his blood so that he can sanctifi. So what what what what is what what are you talking about? So you've got the Bible and then you've got a blood. Well, Brother Windle, they're two separate things. They're not two separate things. It was the lamb who gave the life, brother, sister keys, if you put that third slide back up. It was the lamb, amen, that was uh that that was slain there on the altar. And it is Christ is also type of the water labor that is showing you your blemishes. Are are you hearing me? The word was there and you can't separate Christ from his word. It was the bloody bleeding word that died for you. Can you say amen? Now, now watch this. It says that he might pres uh sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of the water by the word that he might present it to himself a glorious church not having a spot or wrinkle or any such thing that it might be holy and without blemish. So ought men to love their wives as their own bodies. And he that loveth his wife loves himself. For no man hath yet hated his own flesh, but nourisheth and cherisheth it even as the Lord the church. For we are members of his body, of his flesh, and of his bones. Now, so going back to the water labor again, this is a water of separation. The word is the divider. The word shows you even in your spirit sins. The word will show you hypocrisy. The word will show you. And if you let it, the word will show you that a lot of these sins in the fourth dimension can be taken care of if we'll put that word back up and discern what we should be looking at, listening to, and what we should and should not. If we're going to be a powerful church like the prophet said we're going to be, then we're going to have to take that word and place it right there at our heart and say, "Lord, I I I I'm wanting you to stand guard right there." Can you say, "Amen." Amen. Now, remember now, now, Sister Keys, the third slide again. Amen. Hallelujah. Someone say thank you sister keys. Keys. So, so the the the water labor you could not go into that place without the word. You cannot go beyond the word in into the lampstand. Amen. You cannot you you cannot partake of the shoe bread. You cannot burn incense before that most holy place. If you were to go in there without washing in that water labor, Amen. and they were to wash their hands, they were to wash their feet, Amen. that they they had to be consecrated and dedicated or they would die. You could not enter without going through that protocol. Can you say amen? Now, many times there's where our problem is today in the church church world. Amen. We're claiming a lot of that's why we're powerless. There ain't nobody back there in that most holy place. Brother Brandham was with with God in that most holy place, but it was a consecrated life, too. Are you hearing me? So So that brazen labor was is is incredible. You can't come near Amen. to burn incense. You cannot do any of this without first coming in. Amen. Well, bless the Lord. And that word must be our absolute. And that's the reason why there in 1 Peter 4:17, it says, "For the time has come that judgment must begin at the house of God." It's got it's got to begin at the house of God. In other words, God's word points out the things in our lives. Amen. And then God's blood is right there to wash us and to cleanse us and to make us totally whole. Can you say amen? Amen. That That's exactly right. So So we're we're How many's glad for that? Now that brass always represents judgment. Brass is judgment. The water is the washing of the water of the word. The Old Testament, it was a type. Neman, that water labor, brass water labor, was a type of the washing of the word that would take place. The word, they had it in the Old Testament, but it could never wash them and make them clean. Amen. It could never do it. Can you say amen? Now that there in in first 1 Timothy 5 and 24 it says some men's sins are open beforehand going before the judgment and some men they follow after. Brother Brandham would say before you can enter into this holy place there is a blood veil hanging there for the cleansing. You must recognize that the blood is an innocent substitute through the preaching of the word brought down the blood veil. In there you see someone died in your place. Then you'll throw down all of your earthly possessions, all your fain dangle ideas, all your dancing, your immoral living, all the things that you thought up in your own self that you and uh that you go to church and your new rules and your ten commandments and your non-meat eatating and all these things. You lay it aside and plunge wholly into the blood and say, "Lord, wash me and cleanse me." Then the Holy Spirit inside this blood cell is where the fellowship is and it draws you through the blood of the cleansing into the Lord Jesus Christ into the Jesus uh the Lord Jesus by the Holy Spirit. Then you're in fellowship. Old things have passed away. Then you're in fellowship by the Holy Spirit drawing you into relationship with God. Then there is only uh here it is only one meeting place that any man can meet and worship today in true fellowship. That's in Christ Jesus. Can you say amen? Now we I'm not going to hold you uh too much longer. Now I am going to show you here as we have as as we have uh discussed this in the past and I and uh this the last service. So now remember, you are the prophet brought this in that you are a a a tabernacle with three rooms just like this one here is. Amen. Your a tabernacle. Your your body, spirit, and soul. Amen. So your spirit I've got right here where the green is. Amen. Your spirit that's right up there with your mind. Amen. your spirits where your reasoning, your imagination. That's that's where uh uh those kinds of things come. Then there is the soul which is that little red spot right there in the heart. Amen. That is that that's that compartment. The blue is the outer court. So you've got the outer, then you've got the inner, then you've got the most holy place, body, spirit, and soul. You everyone got that? Amen. Now, Brother Brandham says now it is it is it is there God's designed it that it's got to come the word. Amen. Or let's just Yeah, let's just let's just let's just use the word here. Amen. And uh All right. There's the Bible. There's the word. The word comes through the channel of the mind. goes through the ears. These ears right here on each side. Amen. Comes through your spirit, your mind. And then it starts dropping down into this heart. That's the way God designed man. Man was supposed to walk with God. God. This is not This is This is the way men man was before sin ever came. He was a soul. Then God created that spirit, put him inside that body, and then God was to govern his thoughts. God was to govern his actions. Amen. That's the way God built us. But we've now got competition because now we've got this fourth dimension in this age that has just been invented. This fourth dimension that is doing what? this fourth dimension, your internet, your your your uh uh your radio, uh uh television, your cell phones, and it's all there to compete with that spirit. It's all coming into this. Now, if we allow sin here, it separates us from God. Praise the Lord. Are are are are you understanding? Brother Brandham would put it this way here. And I'm fixing to I'm fixing to close, but I want you to catch this. All right. So So I'm going to put a little I'm going to put this like this right here. All right. Now, he's this this here is the three elements of of of of light, matter, and huh? Volume right here. This this is this is you. This your this this this is where we're all looking at each other. I'm wearing this and you're wearing that and here we are. Okay, this is us. And some of y'all look uglier than him. Amen. But anyways, no. Okay. Now, Brother Brandham says there there's the invisible realm. There are three dimensions going upward. Yeah. There's three dimensions going downward. He says up above us, you've got the souls made perfect, the theophanes, your grandpa and grandma that loved God. You've got that. That's a that's a dimension where they're still alive. Then you've got the angels. You've got God himself. Down below, you have got those those unjust souls are still alive. Sinners, Adolf Hitler is still alive. All right. He's still alive. Amen. He can't go to hell until he stands the white throne judgment. Yes. Hitler is going to be at the white throne judgment. Sad to say, there's going to be a bunch of makeelievers at the white throne judgment, too. God didn't create that for you. God created God gave us his light here to keep us from there. But if you don't take your sins seriously now, you're going to have to do it someday. So, you've got you've got the three dimensions going downward. You've got the unjust souls, then you've got the demons, and then you've got the third, which is which is Satan himself. Now, brother Brandham says each of these spirits are all coming into this into this dimension here into this earth. He says angelic uh angelic wars are now becoming human wars. Where did where did brother Brandham says the greatest battle ever fought? Where did he say it's going to be at? He said the meeting ground is right here and right here. Yeah. God is coming in with his word and this one's coming in right here. You wonder why you're why why you go through such hardship sometime in your mind and you wonder about that? There's the battleground right there in that head in your spirit. There is where the battleground is. The war is raging right now. Yes, sir. Are you hearing me? So, so how how how how do we win? The scripture says, "Humble ourselves, resist the devil, and he will flee." Satan, you were not created for Satan. You were not created. And just as when you keep this going, it separates you from your God. What would happen if you separate this? Then it would bring the communication back between you and God. Amen. If you could get rid of this thing that is corrupting your mind, corrupting your your being and cut that unbelief off and get it back lined up with God's dimension. That's what you were created for. Amen. Yes, sir. And the Bible's done told us, submit to God, resist the devil, and the devil's got to lead you. Because you weren't created for the devil. You see what I'm saying? So, as we as as we look in this final thing here, Amen. We want the Holy Spirit to have that control. You're going to live in this body as we lived as as we said on Sunday. You're going to live here. You still have a body. When you got saved, it didn't change. You're still yourself. You still got your mind. You still like ice cream. If you liked if you liked ice cream before, if if if you if you like fishing before, you still like fishing now. If you like that's the nature of this flesh. That's that God has no problem with your flesh. God has no problem with your mind, right? As long as you let that soul do all the controlling. Yes, God. Can you say amen? So, you're still coming. You're still living. You're you're you're you're so in this tabernacle that you're living in, you've not done away with your body. You've not done away with your mind. You have placed the channel of the word. You understand that that body is important. You are not going to be able God can't do nothing without your body. Right? Brother Brandham says he didn't choose the son. He didn't choose any other nature. He chose man to work his plan. He's got to use your body. But you've got to surrender your spirit man to the Holy Ghost. You've got to surrender that mind and say, "All right." Amen. The nature of the heart is saying, "Okay, I'm craving the na that born again. I'm craving I'm craving more of God." Amen. What does that start doing? Well, that's going to tell you, you know what? I'm not I'm not getting fed with with this television. Yes, your phone's a television. Amen. Yes. I I'm not I'm not getting fed with with with this sports all the time. I'm not getting fed with with with thinking on this all the time. So, what I'm going to do, I've got in this heart. Brother Brandham said right here in this heart right there. He said, "There's only one channel." Amen. You've got one channel. You've got one door in that channel, and it's your self-will. self-will will open it up to whatever it wants to open it up to. So if your heart is craving for the for the things of God, then it's going to say, "No, I don't want anything else but the presence of God. So I'm going to start praying. I'm going to start believe." But it's coming from the heart. It's not it's not something you're doing from your mind. It's something craving in your heart. Is that all right now? You see that water labor, that water labor, that water labor is right here at your spirit man. It's right here. That water labor is right there as you're walking in to this middle place. That's your spirit. That water labor is there to you got to brother Brandon would say it's the thinking man's filter. You got to use that filter. That word brother Brandham says that water labor is the word and the believer is to run everything that they think everything they believe through the word filter. Now if we done that hallelujah victory. Victory. Victory. It'd be victory. My God's God's already saying, "Listen, guys. My arm is not short that it cannot deliver. My ear is not deaf. You take care of your situations. I'll be right there with you. You've separated me from you." Well, hallelujah. Well, I don't want to be separated. I want to walk in one. And God has called us to be in union. Can you say amen? Amen. God's called us to walk in in in in in unity of of his spirit now. Amen. I I I I think that's just beautiful. Hallelujah. Amen. Sister Keys, if you'd go to that that fourth one now, and then we're at the musicians if they wanted to come on. That that'll that'll be just fine. Amen. your outer courts, this body, taste, smell, sight, hearing, feeling. Your spirit man is where your affections, your imaginations, your your your memory, conscience, and reasonings. And there's where Satan has hit us in that spirit realm. And there's where brother Brandham said that the greatest battle is fought right there in that mind. It's right there in that mind. And this fourth dimension today has got has got people totally bound because of that. But if that Holy Spirit, if you could ever open those channels up and let the Holy Ghost get past your your body, get past all of that and get into that most holy place, there's no telling what God's going to do for you. Come on. Hallelujah. God, you let the Holy Spirit come over you, Haven. There is just no telling what God's going to You can turn the world upside down. Amen. Hallelujah. That's right. That's right. Amen. Because it's the Holy Spirit taking control. Brother Brandham says once that Holy Spirit ever get jumps on the inside of that most holy place, that was that that is where the glory of the Lord would be. I I I read that and I I I didn't uh I I I was I was wondering in the uh um I I I had a a place here that I that I read today and I thought it was just so beautiful and I don't know if I brought it if I brought it here. Uh apparently I didn't. Yeah. Yeah. And and this is Exodus 40 and 34 and and to 38. And now this this here is that tabernacle. And so but now I there's something about that cloud. If you can ever get if you can ever get to that pleasing God, get get you you the blood has come. It's not your own ability. You can't do it. But the lamb has taken care of it. The word is there to wash your mind. Wash your mind. It's there. Somebody say, "Wash my mind. Wash me." There's spirit sins. You might not be sinning in your body, but there's a lot of spirit sins that that that that gets things going. But listen, if we can let that walk through, let the believer come on through. Come on through until he gets into that most holy place, then the glory of the Lord is there. Amen. Now watch. Brother Brandham says or not brother Brandham here here here in Exodus 40:34 it says then a cloud covered the tent of the congregation and the glory of the Lord filled the tabernacle. Moses was not able to enter into the tent of the congregation because the cloud abode thereon and the glory of the Lord filled the tabernacle and and when the cloud was taken up from over the tabernacle, the children of Israel went onward in all their journeys. But if the cloud were not taken up, then they journeyed till the day that it was taken up. The cloud of the Lord was upon the tabernacle by day and fire by night in the sight of all the house of Israel throughout all their journeys. Brother, I am not talking about a tabernacle in the wilderness anymore. You are looking at the tabernacle of the Lord. It's no wonder brother Brandham says that pillar of fire is with every adopted son. Yes, sir. Are you hearing me? Oh, bless the Lord. He says that that cloud was seen by the people always [Music] because the requirements had been met. Well, tonight you could say that this was a sanctification message. This is something that sanctification, justification is God's looking upon his blood and he's that's the only way God could ever look at you through the blood. And God has come with his blood. And even though you're still the biggest numb skull around, I'll pick on someone that's asleep. Amen. Still, it takes its justification. God's God's got his blood shed for you. But God's not going to let you continue in your sin. God's got a design. God gave himself. He gave himself to sanctify his bride with the washing the water by the word. Justification is God saying, "I love you. Though your sins are scarlet, come unto me." Sanctification is, "I'm going to shine light now. I'm going to shine light upon you, and I want you to walk in that light. I've given you my blood. I want you to start doing some scrubbing." [Music] God ain't doing the scrubbing. He's providing the light and he's providing the detergent. And there ain't no maids that's going to do the cleaning for you. You're going to have to do it yourself. You're going to have to do it yourself. Can you say amen? Amen. Clean me, Lord. Is it a once or is is it just a once just? No. No. Satan is going to be in that mind constantly. He's going to be fighting you constantly. He's going to be you. You got to con you've got to constantly cleanse your cleanse your souls. Cleanse your spirit, man. Well, glory to God. What do we sing? [Music] Oh, thank you Jesus. You have my life. You brought me out of darkness into glorious light and I was a wretched. I remember who I was. I was lost. I was blind. I was running out of time. The sin separated the preach from the far side of the cast. You held me in your side and you made a way across the great divine. left behind heaven's throne and built it here inside. And there the cross you gave the dead I hope my chains free my soul for the first time I am. Oh, thank you Jesus for the blood of Thank you Jesus. You have me. Thank you Jesus. You have saved me. You brought me out of God. Hallelujah. And you took my place inside the tomb of Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. You were buried for three days. Hallelujah. But then you walked right out again. Now death has no ste and life has no way for I have been transformed by the blood of the Jesus for the blood of my hallelujah. Hallelujah Jesus you have washed me high. Thank you Jesus you have saved life you brought me out of darkness to glory. Hallelujah. Oh, there is nothing stronger than the one working power of the beloved that all the sons and daughters we are ransom are the father through the blood. the blood. Oh, there is nothing stronger. Hallelujah. And the wonder the blood. The blood that called the sons and daughters. We are ransified the father through the blood. The blood. Oh, thank you Jesus for the blood of [Music] Thank you Jesus. You have washed me white. Thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. [Music] You brought me out of darkness to glorious. [Music] I'm thankful for that today. We don't deserve to be here. [Music] None of us deserve to be here. None of us deserve to listen to hear this message. None of us deserve to know and understand the depths of God's word. But it's because God has provided a way. Now listen, every man will have to pay for his own sin. Every man is responsible. It doesn't matter how good you are, how much you're liked by the community, you will go to hell if you don't take the light of God's word. Look in the mirror. you will not make it to heaven unless we use God's avenue. But when God has come and given us light, then we would be without excuse. And to be able to just come and feel his presence as we feel it here tonight, that's God's love. And if there's someone here that hasn't made their heart, haven't hasn't made that reservation yet. If there's someone here that maybe you've just not been real serious with your soul, the soul that sins will die eternally. Why don't you just maybe the word shown some light and you can say, "Oh my, I'm not as righteous as I thought I was. I guess I want to be right, why don't you just make your make your heart right with him tonight while there's blood. If there's someone here that maybe you you just looked at, yeah, I've gotten a little bit lax, a little bit lukewarm, just thank God for shining the light. Maybe maybe you've already made that reservation. You're just needing to You're just needing to do a little bit of scrubbing. Why don't you do that tonight? Whatever it is, if you're a sinner, you can leave a saint. If you came in lukewarm, you can leave on fire. That water labor right there is right there. Is is where we need to look. God, right there. right there at that gate in front of that spirit man. I I I'm asking that you help me to start running everything through that word. Help me, Lord. Amen. Father, we thank you as we feel your presence just settling among us. how we thank you for your word and [Music] that light that shines upon us, Lord, it makes us look so small. We look so itty bitty and we can say it as the prophet. [Music] What is man? He's nothing but a worm. And here God has chosen man to work through and to save. I can't understand it. I can't wrap my mind around. But all I can say is thank you. Thank you with the sincerest that I can. And Lord, I want to be more sincere. I I ask Lord that you take me. I'm opening my heart. I'm asking that you scrub me. I want to be sincere. I I want to be body, spirit, and soul yours. Oh God. Oh God, let your word shine upon us all. If there be someone, Lord, that hasn't just really made you theirs, they've not accepted, they've not given their life to you yet. I ask Lord as they invite you right now that you would come in, you would suck with them. you would start rearranging their house. Take them as their son and daughter. I thank you for it, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Oh, God. We thank you for this great love. Thank you for this great love. Now Lord Jesus, fill those who are not filled. Let them not let them not sleep another night until they receive the Holy Ghost. Lord, let us not be content with sin. Let not sin reign in these mortal bodies, in our homes, your church. We thank you for it, Father. We thank you for all these things in the name of Jesus. Oh, glory to God. Oh, glory to God. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Thank you Jesus. Let the poor stay. [Music] Oh, let the Yes. Let the poor say I am. Let the blind say I can see how the Lord has done for me. Hosana. Hosana. Hosana to the lamb. Hosanana. [Music] Hosanana. Jesus died and rose again into the river. I will there my sins are washed away from the heaven mercy streams of the savior's name for me. Hosana. Hosana. Hosana to the lamb that was slain. Hosanana. [Music] Holan. Jesus died again. Oh, I will rise from the water's day into the savior ar of God. I will sing salient song. Jesus Christ has set me free. Oh my. Oh hosana. Hosanana to the lamb [Music] that was slain. Hosana. Hosana. Jesus died. Hosana. Oh hosana. Hosanana to the lamb of God is name. Ohana Jesus died and rose. Let the weak, let the weak stay. I am strong. Oh my. Let the poor say I am rich. Let the blind say I can see. What the Lord has done for me. Hosana. Oh hosana. Hosana to the lamb that was slain. Oh s Jesus died and rose again. Ohana [Music] to the lamb that was slain. Oh, [Music] Jesus died and rose again. Hallelujah. Well, don't you just love it? What can wash away my sins? Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Jesus, what can make me whole again? Nothing but the blood. Oh. Oh. Preure is the flow that makes me wise. Oh no other. Oh love of Jesus. Oh my part. This I see Jesus my cleansing is my pleas. Oh nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh, fresh years that flow that makes me white as snow. No one found I know nothing of the blood of Jesus. Nothing came for sin at nothing but think of the blood of Jes [Music] that I have done. Oh nothing but the blood of Jes. Oh precious in old wrench tears that flow that makes white as snow of found I know nothing of the blood of Jesus. Jesus. And this is all my hope and peace. Thank you, Lord. And nothing but the blood of Jesus. And this is all by rightuousness. Nothing of the blood of Jesus in all pressure is that flow that makes me white as snow. Oh, [Music] found I know nothing about the blood of Jesus. Now by this I'll overcome and nothing but the blood of Jesus I'll reach my oh thank you Lord and nothing but the blood of Jesus And all preious gifts that flow and makes white as snow. No, I know nothing but the blood. So one more verse. Glory, glory, thus I see and nothing but the blood of Jesus and all my praise. For this I breathe, nothing of the blood of Jesus. In all precious gifts that flow that makes me white as snow. Oh, without I know nothing but the blood of Jes. Oh, precious and oh precious is that flow that makes me. I ask no one found [Music] nothing but the blood of Jesus. Well, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Blessed be the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. Do you love him? I love him so much. Aren't you glad that he's got a great big flashlight? Amen. His light shines over your soul, makes all things new. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. And I I've been and I've been dealing and even tonight for most of it, spiritfilled believers. I'm I I I've been dealing with the spiritfilled believers that sometimes we get those clogged up. And the devil tells you he ain't got the Holy Ghost. But but but I'm here to tell you, Brother Brandham, who had the Holy Ghost, disobeyed the Lord, went went with those preachers when God told him not to. And God went for six months, wouldn't talk to him. He separated himself from from the Lord. He paid for it. He was he he thought he was going to die, but he it was it was six months of just self inspection. God forgive me. God help me. God, you understanding? So the channel got blocked. It did not mean that he lost the Holy Ghost. It did not. But it simply meant that he was suffering because of the spirit man. He he went with his mind. He he he followed the guys when God told him. And man, God told him not to go with them. And so I what I'm saying is as many times spiritborn sons, daughters of God can disobey God. And and because you've done that, it has separated you. And Amen. But God does that because he wants you to know it's important. His word is important. His word is important. Can you say amen? So we go back to his word and we start scrubbing. Well, glory to God. Now, if there's someone that doesn't have the Holy Ghost, well, you need to get the Holy Ghost. That's that sanct justification, sanctification, baptism of the Holy Ghost. And you'll never get there until you you God will never fill your vessel as long as you are justifying sin in your life. He'll never fill you. Amen. Is that right? Praise the Lord. Well, God bless you. Amen. Appreciate y'all. Appreciate your patience. Uh going a little bit over what we've been going. Amen. But I I felt my heart to go this way here tonight. And uh and so I trust it was a blessing for you. Amen. Praise the Lord. So we brother Donald, we want to keep him in our prayers. Brother Gadman, uh they were going to do the surgery this week. Uh they were hoping to do the surgery by Friday, but when they got in and look uh he is totally his colon is just totally messed up. So they're going to try to get all that infection out of there. So let's just pray for them. Looks like it's going to be a month or so before uh they're going to do that. Brother David is just finished. He's finished. He wants he he's wanting to get this thing over with so bad. And so let's just pray for David. Anyone's got brother David's sister Laura's phone number, uh text him or call him. let them let them know they have no family there and u uh so you know just any kind and they've got friends all over the world but the thing is is they love Ponyie and Ponyie loves them so let them know that you love them. Amen. And um um and then dad let's let's continue to pray for dad. Dad has has has has fallen u a few times. He done it done it again a couple days ago and and so he's really uh really suffering uh suffering from his transgression and from his fall and and he he's he's bless his heart. He fell backwards just mom says that his head just bounced on that floor and So, let's pray for dad. And I I appreciate uh Daddy Torrance. Not here. Is he feeling better? Yeah. Yeah. I just, you know, Brother Torrance fell pretty hard and laid in the floor for a while before he was able to get up. And uh thank thankfully that no one's broke any hips or any any anything. So, we're thankful for that. So, um h how's sister Lona? [Music] Okay. Okay. Just uh sick to her stomach. Just having stomach problems. Okay. All right. Well, we want to we want to keep Sister Lan in our prayer. We missed her Wednesday Sunday, too. So, uh there's just there's just a lot of things to be praying for. I believe in laying hands on the sick and the sick recover. And how many believe that? Amen. Oh, church. The way I'm seeing it, the way that I'm seeing my message here tonight, get rid of those things that that would be hindering us and let's get the power of God where God can use us and anoint us the way he wants to. I I'm I'm I'm I'm praying God. I sat in there the other night. Uh I believe it was when brother Jeremy was was preaching and I I was just I was just there meditating and praying and it just something just hit my spirit so hard. This kind cometh not but by prayer and fasting. And I I I just told the Lord then, Lord, if you'll if you'll uh if you'll get me to come into that most holy place, I I I'm going to come. I I I'm going to I'm I'm going to go through the blood. I'm going to go through that labor. I I'm I'm going to I'm going to self inspect. I want to come into that holy place with the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. How many would do that with me? Dedicate your life. Let's just let's just ask the Lord, Lord, if you'll bid me to come, if you'll if you'll bid me, I'll follow you. You can't go in there unless God calls you. But but if he does give you the call, be sensitive to him. Amen. and and and I I've been I've been spending a a lot more time down here just asking God, Lord, here I am. Oh, God. We there's a lot of needs in this in in this land, folks. And as long as we're in this body, we're going to need God. We need God. We need God in a in in a great way in our in the flesh healings, but also in the spirit, too. So, God bless you. Thank you for your time. Amen. We'll dismiss now. Praise the Lord. Amen. You have anything in your mind? Praise the Lord. Amen. Consume me Lord with the fire of your spirit. Consume me, Lord. God bless you. You're dismissed. Fear, Lord. Dismiss yourselves tonight. Oh, break me, Lord. and bless the broken pieces of my life. Let me be you, Lord, by you. Oh, consume me Lord with the fire of your spirit. Pursue me Lord. Make me more like you. Break me Lord with less broken pieces of my life. Let me be used Lord by you. Consume me Lord. The fire of your spirit consume me Lord. Make me more like you. Break me Lord the less broken pieces of my life. Let me be you, Lord.
