################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-02 - 2025-07-02 Bro Colby Martin Forgiveness - Colby Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-02
Title:    2025-07-02 Bro Colby Martin "Forgiveness"
Speaker:  Colby Martin
Church:   New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 35m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O2juJWPeKcU
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
still and know you're in this place. Just let me stay and rest in your holiness. Word of God speak. [Music] I'm finding myself [Music] in the midst of you beyond the music, beyond the noise. This is all that I need [Music] is to be with you and in the quiet to hear your voice. Word of God speak fall down like rain. Washing these eyes to see your majesty to be still and know you're in this place. Just let me stay and rest in your holiness. Word of God's king. [Music] I long to stay in rest in your holiness. Word of God speak. [Music] to worship. No matter what the circumstance, no matter what the situ situation we will lift upon the hands will [Music] worship you [Music] will [Music] Lord, we to worship you. Here we are in [Music] Satan [Music] to beat us down. But with your spirit here within us in righteousness [Music] we'll rise and see [Music] Lord we long to worship you. Single laord [Music] we long to worship you Lord. We go to you in worship. No matter what the circumstances, no matter what the situ situation we will lift upon the hands. will elimin. Lord, we long to worship you. Well, [Music] Lord, we long to worship you. [Music] And to beat us down, but with your spirit here within us [Music] in righteousness we rise and will [Music] Lord we long to worship you who [Music] Elohim Lord we to worship you [Music] Lord we long to worship in here. Lord, we long to worship you. [Music] [Music] [Music] You were alive and well. Your spirit lives within me because you died and rose again. Amazing love. Now it [Music] would die for me. [Music] Amazing love. Now I know it's true. And it's my joy to you in all I do. I [Music] forgiven because you were forsaken. And I'm accepted. You were condemned. [Music] And I'm alive and well. Your spirit lives within me because you died and rose again. Let's all stand. Then how can it be [Music] love [Music] [Music] because you were forsaken accepted. You were [Music] alive and well [Music] because you died again. [Music] I believe you love [Music] my [Music] All I do. I [Music] might Jesus. You are my king. You are my king. You for my king. [Music] How can it be that you, my king, would die for me. Amazing love. I know it's true. And if my children are you in all I do. I honor you. Amen. If that's your desire to honor him, let's uh open the service up with a word of prayer. Brother Harry, if you want to come up here, we have a couple written requests here. It says Sister Denise is on the way back to the hospital because she has started bleeding heavily again. And Sister Carol is taking Sister Thelma to the ER to get her surgical womb checked. Sister Carol believes it has gotten infected. Lord Jesus, we come into your presence tonight, Lord. Lord, we thank you for giving us the opportunity to gather like this, Lord. We thank you for the opportunity to be able to step away from the busyiness of life for a little while, Lord, just to to worship you and and enter into your presence, Lord. Lord, I pray that you would help to Lord calm our minds, Lord. Calm our spirits, Lord Jesus. Help us to to lay aside the the concerns of of this world, Lord. And may we just enter into your presence, Lord. May we, Lord, may we just not may we just be able to stop thinking about what we need to do tomorrow or what is this happens or what if that happens, Lord. Lord, may we just come and and and be in your presence and be able to worship you, Lord, and be able to praise you and be able to thank you for all that you do for us, Lord. Lord, we lift before you these requests, Lord. And Lord, I Lord, even before I lift them up to you, Lord, I pray you would just help us to to be in a place where we can truly intercede for our sisters, Lord. Lord, you've seen the the battles that that Sister Denise has had for for so long physically, Lord, as as the devil just keeps throwing item after item at her, Lord. And Lord, you see Sister Thelma, Lord, and the struggles that she's had, Lord, we Lord, we lift before you, Sister Angie McDonald, and Lord, for and Brother Donald, Lord Jesus, and and Brother Duran, Lord, and Lord, these are situations, Lord, that we can't approach in in a way that's light, Lord. We can't treat this as just something that it's a passing prayer and we move on, Lord. But Lord, I pray that you would help us to truly enter in to intercede for our brothers and sisters, Lord. And Lord, just to lift them before you, Lord, and ask that you once again show yourself to be the the healer, Lord, the the mighty warrior, Lord, that you would come down and that you would just drive Satan away from our brothers and sisters, Lord. That you would heal their bodies, that you would strengthen them, that you would lift them back up, Lord. that you would once again show yourself to be the miracle working God, Lord. Lord, I pray that you would be in the service tonight, Lord. Lord, I know brother Kobe, Lord, and I'm sure that he's nervous tonight, Lord. Lord, I pray that you would be the one that would take control, Lord. I pray that even as he's sitting the office right now, Lord, that you would just take away the nervousness, Lord. that you would Lord just give him the confirmation that he needs to know that you've that you're there to guide him that they're there to inspire the words Lord and that you have come to speak to your people Lord that he's just the vessel that you've chosen to use tonight Lord I pray you would help us to draw on the gift Lord and Lord may you just speak to our hearts in a special way tonight Lord may we all receive what we have need of tonight and may we just be able to leave rejoicing knowing that we've been with you once more we just commit the remainder of the song service into your hands in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. As we sing this next song, if y'all want to just step out in the aisle and greet your neighbor wherever I go, I'll praise him. [Music] I'll praise him surrounds me like a sea. Now praise the name Jesus. Lift up the holy name of Jesus. For the name of Jesus lifted me. Wherever I go, I'll praise him whenever I can. I'll praise him for his love surrounds me like a sea. [Music] I praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the holy name of Jesus. The name of Jesus lifted me. Wherever I go, I'll praise him whenever I can. I'll praise him for his love surround me like a sea. I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up that holy name of Jesus. For the name of Jesus lifted me. Wherever I go, I'll praise him whenever I can. I'll praise him for him love surrounds me like a sea. I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the holy name of Jesus. For the name of Jesus lifted me. Every praise, every praise to our God. Every word of worship we want to accord. Every praise, every praise to our God. Sing hallelujah is to our God. Glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise to our God. [Music] God my savior, [Music] God my healer, God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is my savior and God my healer. God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship with one accord. Every praise, every praise to our God. Sing hallelujah is to our God. Glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise to our God. [Applause] God my savior, [Music] God my healer, God my deliverer. [Applause] Yes, he is. Yes, he is. God my savior. [Music] God my healer, God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship with one accord bring every praise to our God. Sing that again as Anna brings a special [Music] every praise. Every praise to our God. Sing hallelujah is to our God. Glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise to our God. God my savior, God my healer. God my deliverer. [Music] Yes, he is. Yes, he is. God, my savior, God, my healer, God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. right after her if she kind of wants to bring her special. Yes. [Music] [Music] The table spread in splendor. Someone standing by the open door. I can see a crystal river. Oh, I must be here forever. See, I've never been this home sing before. Oh, see the bright light shine. It's just about hold time. I can see my father standing at the door. This world is but a wilderness and I'm waiting for deliverance. Oh Lord, I've never been this homeick before. Oh, I can see the family together. Sweet faces all familiar. [Music] No one's old and feeble anymore. Oh, and my lonesome heart is crying. And I believe I'll spread my wings are flying. Lord, I've never been this home before. Oh, see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see the father standing at the door. Oh, this world is but a wilderness and I'm waiting for deliverance. Oh Lord, I've never been this home before. See the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. This world is but a wild. I'm waiting for deliverance. Lord, I've never given this home sick before. [Applause] [Music] Praise the Lord. Bless your kind. [Music] Are you past the point of ween way heavy? Is it all too much to carry? Let me tell you about my Jesus. Do you feel that empty? Come on. [Music] Let me tell you about my Jesus. He makes a way where there ain't no way. Rises up from an empty grave. Ain't no sinner that he can't save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is free. And the good news is I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Let me tell you about my Jesus. Let my Jesus change your life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. [Music] Who can wipe away the tears from broken dreams and wasted years until the past disappear? Let me tell you about my Jesus and all the wrong turns that you would go and undo if you could. Who can work it all for your good? Let me tell you about my Jesus. He makes a way where there ain't no way. Rises up from an empty grave. Ain't no sinner that he can't save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is free. And the good news is I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Let me tell you about my Jesus. Let my Jesus change your life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Who would take my cross to Calvary? Pay the price from all my guilty. Who would care that much about me? Let me tell you about my Jesus. Oh, he makes a way where there ain't no way. Rises up from an empty grave. Ain't no sinner that he can't save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is free. And the good news is I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Let me tell you about my Jesus. Let my Jesus change your life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Are you glad Jesus can change your life? I enjoyed those specials. Praise the Lord. Glory to God. I love you, Lord. Your mercy never fails me. my daily I've been in your head. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head, I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so Oh good. Every breath that I am aable, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire in the darkest night. You were close like no other. Hallelujah. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will feel of the goodness of God. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. me with my life laying down. Surrender now. I give you everything. [Music] Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Cuz all my life you have been faithful. And all my life, you have been so so good. Every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. Sing that first verse. I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails me. All my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head, I will sink of the goodness of God. Cuz all my life you have been faithful. [Music] And all my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I am aable, I have of the goodness of God. Sing that second verse. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire in the darkest nights. You are close like no other. I've known you as a father. [Music] I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the goodness of God. [Music] Cuz all my life you have been faithful as the man of God prepares to come out. And all my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I am able I think of the goodness of God. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. [Music] Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Sing that again. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, surrendered now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. is running after me. Cuz all my life you have been faithful. [Music] And all my life you have been so so good with every breath that I am able. [Music] Sing that again. Oh my life. [Music] The breath that I am able, I will see of the goodness of God. Oh, he has forgiven me. My sins have been washed from his mealy by the blood of the lamb of Calary. [Music] He has forgi. Can we do verse one now? Oh, I know what it's like to think of things I've done and want to run and hide my head and shame. [Music] I know what it's like to really hurt someone and feel no s of sorrow at their pain. But I know what it's like to have enough of my disgrace. And find because of Jesus blood, my sin can be erased. He has forgiven me. My sins have been washed from his memory by the blood of the lamb of Calary. [Music] He has forgiven me. Lord, we love you here tonight. Want to thank you for your forgiveness. Your mercy, Lord, you shown to each one of us, Lord. Undeserving each one of us was, Father. But you look beyond our our sin and our shame, our mistakes and our failures, Lord, that you forgave each one of us. And I pray here tonight, Father, that we can realize that we are worthy to be here because of the blood that you shed on Calvary. You made us redeemed, Father. And I pray here tonight that we can look beyond the the voices of being unworthy and look beyond the voices of the mistakes that we've made and realize that you've made us worthy, that you've forgiven us here tonight. I'm asking that you'll just bless the reading of your word as our prayer. We love you Lord in our in your name we pray. Amen and amen. Do you love the Lord? Amen. If we can turn to our our scripture here tonight be Matthew 18 and verse 15. This is a lengthy passage of scripture but appreciate all the the specials that were were saying and Amen. Sister Shakana was trying to get out of singing. I told her she's going to have to sing tonight. She got a beautiful voice. Amen. really appreciate them being here with us. I sure hoping you guys would have heard dad preach tonight, but get to get to hear me. Amen. Amen. So, we're going to go all the way to verse 35. So we may just read a few passages of scripture to let you have your seats. But it says, "Moreover, if thy brother shall trespass against thee, and go and tell him his fault between thee and him alone, and if he shall hear thee, thou sh thou hast gave thy brother. But if he will not hear thee, then take with thee one or two more. In the mouth of two or three witnesses, every word may be established." And he and if he shall neglect to hear them, tell it unto the church. But if he neglect to hear the church, let him be unto thee a heathen man and a publican. And verily I say unto you, whatsoever you shall bind on earth shall be bound in heaven, and whatsoever you shall loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven. God bless you. Now you may be seated. As we continue on here in verse 19, so again I say unto you, if two of you shall agree on earth as touching anything that they shall ask, it shall be done for them of my father which is in heaven. And where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of thee of them. Then came Peter to him and said,"Lord, how oft shall my brother sin against me, and I forgive him till seven times?" And Jesus said unto him, I say not unto thee until seven times, but until 70* 7, therefore is the kingdom of heaven likened unto a certain king, which would take account of his servants. And when he had begun to reckon, one was brought unto him which owed him 10,000 talents. But for as much as he had not to pay, his lord commanded him to be sold, and his wife and children, and all that he had, and payment to be made. The servant therefore fell down and worshiped him, saying, Lord, have patience with me, and I will pay thee. Then the Lord of that servant was moved with compassion and loosened him and forgave him the debt. But the same servant went out and found one of his fellow servants which owed him a h 100 pence. And he laid hands on him and took him by the throat, saying, "Pay it pay me that thou owest." And his fellow servant fell down at his feet and beside him, saying, "Have patience with me, and I will pay thee all." but he would not, but went and cast him into prison till he should pay the debt." And when his fellow servants saw what was done, they were very sorry, and came and told unto their lord all that was done. Then his lord, after that he had called him and and said unto him, "Oh, thou wicked servant, I forgave thee all thy debt, because thou desireest me. Shouldn't thou not thou also have compassion on my fellow servant, even as I had pity on thee? And as Lord was wroth, and delivered him to the tormentors, till he could pay all that was due unto him. So likewise shall my heavenly father do also unto you, if ye from your hearts forgive not every one of his brother their trespasses. If we could also turn to Hebrews 12 and 14. Hebrews 12:14, then we'll get started here tonight. Amen. I appreciate your patience. I know it was a lengthy reading, but Hebrews 12:14 says, "Follow peace with all men in a holiness without which no man shall see the Lord, looking diligently lest any man fall fell of the grace of God, lest any root of bitterness springing up trouble you, therefore many be defiled. I want to speak on a little thought that I've been dealing with in my own heart and we may have spoken along these lines three or four years ago, but it's something honestly I believe is a very crucial part of our Christian walk and also it's something that I could have trouble with and I believe we all could be in in this body of humanity and that's forgiveness. Forgiveness. And it can be very difficult to forgive somebody that has wronged you, man. But we all we all want forgiveness, don't we? When we wrong somebody. And we all know forgiveness is is something we want when we have wronged somebody. But why is it so difficult to to to let go of offenses that someone has committed against us? and and many and one of the many flaws of humanity is forgiving and being able to let go and forgive the person that has wronged you. It's it's really it's hard to let go, ain't it? When we get something in our mind about something, an opinion or something we think is is better, it's it's hard to let go of that. When we get our mind stuck on something, it's hard to let go. Imagine now being offended by somebody and we build up something in our mind. We build up walls uh uh in our mind against somebody. It's hard to let go of those thoughts that you have against somebody that has wronged you. And as as humans, when we are wrong, it's it is eye for an eye. It's it's it's tooth for a tooth. That's that is the way humanity is. I have been wronged by an individual. Now I'm going to wrong them back. Ain't that right? And we want to get even. We want to get ahead. And he or or she has done me wrong. So I will never forgive and I will never forget. Ain't that right? And we can look down through the course of history and we can see how feuds have has gotten started. And there have been many feuds throughout history. And most of them has started over something stupid. All right. If you're like me and brother Joe's great great great great greatgrandfather. Your grandfather came to my grandfather and wanted to sell me a cow. Okay. And he says, "This cow will produce many gallons of milk." Like, "Yes, okay. I'm going to do it." Well, we found out this cow was a dud. It didn't give any milk. Well, now my great great great great great great grandfather is mad at your great great great great great great grandfather. See what I'm saying? How stupid it is over a cow. Well, now because I'm mad at him, it's spread it over from generation to generation to generation. Now it's my generation and I have my son and I'm telling him his family sucks. I hate them because of a cow. Well, that is how few have started over something so stupid. By the time it comes to my generation, hundreds of years later, we don't even know why we're fighting. And it could have been something that was avoided if there was forgiveness. But because of it, they let a grudge build and before you know it, they're at war. And and you watch this builtup bitterness. It's and it's passed on from the next generation to the next generation. Bitterness towards a family that can be prevented if there was a little mercy and forgiveness. You look down through history and there's only been a a very few feuds that was ever mended. And if I can say this, forgiveness is not earned, but it's given. Come on. Forgiveness is not earned but it's forgiven. It is a choice that is given from one person to another that hey you wronged me buddy but I am willing to forgive you for what you've done to me. Imagine if we had to earn God's forgiveness. Imagine if each one of us here today had to earn God's forgiveness. There is no way that we can ever earn God's forgiveness. But he chose to forgive humanity for the mistakes that they made. I look at my faults and my failures and my weaknesses and and and my mess ups and I realize that I'm so glad that I didn't have to earn God's forgiveness. Come on, somebody. We didn't have to earn it. But God chose to forgive you over your stupidity. Humanity didn't deserve God's forgiveness. We didn't deserve God's love. Honestly, what we truly deserved was hell. But God see through our humanity and realize that he must forgive us. Amen. And if God can forgive us over this flesh, I mean, come on. Look at every mistake that we've ever made. Yeah. And if God can forgive us over our humanity, why can't we forgive one another? Hello, somebody. Yes, sir. Why can't we forgive one another? Cuz you realize that this church is like a family. I believe that. Do you believe that? And it seems like it's family that can hurt each other the most. Ain't that right? Brother Bram talks about how in the backyard they're always fighting, right? Yeah. But in the front yard, he says, "You better not mess with one of them. You'll get them all." And that's the way our church, I believe, is. We can fight one another. We can bicker with one another. We can have odds against one another. But if you talk about one person in this church, you're going to get the whole church. And sometimes it is hard to forgive family. It's usually family that has done something to you that they're the closest to you. They know who you are. They know what makes you tick. And sometimes we can do things or say things that can hurt one another. But you asked, "Brother Kobe, why forgiveness?" Is this all right here tonight? Just bear with me as I build a thought here. We see in the parable of the last judgment, condemnation fell on the goats that did not show mercy. Right? We begin to see that the kingdom was opened up to the ones that fed the hungry and gave drink to the thirsty and and visited those that were sick and and clothed those that were naked. And of course, this is good and this is great, but is that good enough? Perhaps the Lord should change his prayer and say, "Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us of our trespasses as we give food to the hungry, and we give drink to the thirsty. Or maybe forgive our trespasses as we visit the sick and imprisoned and and we give comfort to those that suffer." That makes sense, doesn't it? But Jesus is teaching us how to pray. He says, "Forgive our trespasses as we forgive those that trespass against us, that trespass against us. The the ones that wrong you at the grocery store, the ones that pull out in front of you when you're driving down the road, the the the family member that hurt you, the church member that hurt you. If you want God's forgiveness, you must forgive one another. Forgive and you will be forgiven. Withhold forgiveness and the father will do the same. But but why is it so important that we forgive? What difference does it make if I forgive those who hurt me? Yeah. And I I seen this the other day and I thought it was good. Jesus commands us to forgive others because forgiveness, true forgiveness is impossible. You say, "Brother Kobe, what do you mean by that?" If we're trying to forgive in our humanity, there's no way that we can forgive somebody else. Hello, somebody. It takes the grace of God to allow us to look beyond the fault of our brother, especially when we were hurt deeply. It takes the Holy Ghost to look beyond the mistake and beyond the failure and and beyond the hurt and the scars that was given and say, "I truly forgive." Real forgiveness. It's beyond us. And and I'm not talking about someone that cut us off in traffic. And and I'm not talking about someone that didn't appreciate our our hard work. I'm talking about deep and abiding harm. We spoke a little bit on this a few months back on healing for every scar. So if you hear a little bit, just forgive me there. But it says, "How how how do I forgive someone that has said something to scar me so deeply? And how do I forgive someone that has betrayed me? How do I forgive someone that laughs and and spits on me? How how do I forgive cruelty? And how do I forgive the unforgivable? The answer is without the Lord, you can't. The answer is without the Holy Ghost deep inside, you can't forgive. There's no way that you can forgive. I'm so glad that God not only forgave, but he can forget as well. I'm so glad that God doesn't hold it to my account everything that I've done and all the mistakes that I've made and the pain that I've caused. I'm so glad that God can forgive and forget. And that's my prayer is Lord, not only allow me to forgive, but let me forget. Because we like to hold on to things. We we like to go back to those things in our dark times. You say, "Brother Kobe, it's it's too hard to forgive." It it's you realize when you don't forgive, you're giving power to the enemy. All right? You realize when you don't let go of something, you're giving more power to that thing. Come on. You say, "Brother Kobe, I I feel powerless." What are you keeping in your life? There may be something in your life, a scar or a wound or or something that you have not let go that's preventing you from moving on with God. Because if you let that thing grow in your life, what's going to happen? It will suffocate you. That's true. It will squeeze the life out of you. It's all you think about. It's all you breathe. It's all you live about. It will consume your thoughts. But if you allow God to let go and say, "Lord, I need your help." It's only God. He's the only one that can take it out of your life. He's the only one that can clean your thoughts. He's the only one that can clean your mind. He's the only one that can give you a heart. Amen. That's not broken. That's not hurting. Absolutely. Hope this is okay here tonight. I'm going to skip some of this here. Do you love him here tonight? Amen. So glad we have a God that's that is touched by the feeling of our infirmities. He knows what weakness is. He knows what temptation is. I know this is simple. He knows what struggle is. I'm so glad that God came down and dwelt here as a man. So there there's there's nothing that takes God by surprise. He lived it. He went through the struggle. He went through the hatred. He went through the things in life. He went through the deep scars. You say, "Brother Kobe, no one understands." God does. Yes, he does. You say, "Brother Kobe, I I just can't find a friend that can re that I can relate to." God can relate to you. He's been through that and still at the very end on the cross, he said, "Father, forgive them." Amen. Not not cause curses upon them, not cause the the lightning to come down and kill them all like sometimes we want to do. And in our mind, we're thinking, "Oh, if I can only control the lightning. Oh, if I can just throw curses at them and oh, if I could just get back at him, brother Luke, make them pay. That's right. Make them pay. But God on the cross, after suffering the most crulest acts ever to a human man, being beaten and scorged and spit upon at the very end of the day, he says, "Father, forgive them." Do you realize he had a call unto the father? He needed the father's help, too. Yeah, he needed help. He couldn't do it in himself. It was, "Father, forgive them." And when we get to a place in our life that we can't forgive, we call it God and say, "Father, help me forgive them." If Christ could forgive on the cross, what about us? Yes. Amen. You say, "Brother Kobe, I I'm not strong enough to forgive, but Christ is." Yes, he is. You say, "I I'm so weak in in my humanity. Christ is strong enough. It's in your weakness that he is made strong. I'm so glad it's not called God or the sea of God's unforggetfulness. But it's God's forgetfulness that we're in those times that when you can't forget, he's already forgotten. It's in those times where Satan keeps trying to bring it up, saying, "You've done this and you've done that and you you made this mistake here." It's God saying, "I don't remember it at all." My prayer is, Lord, make me more like that. Make me more like that, Lord. erase the memories that God cleanse my heart, cleanse my soul, Lord, because unfortunately those hurts are going to try to resurface. Come on. And it's usually in those times of darkness and those times of turmoil, in those times where you're feeling alone, you're down in the dumps, you you have things that you're dealing with in stress, uh, in business, in homework, in and dealing with the house, the children, there's those times where we get down. It it's in those times where Satan is will try to come in and plant weakness and allow things to resurface again. That's why Paul says we must die daily. That's to every thought, everything the devil tries to bring back up. Hello, somebody. Because it's easy to let a thought come in and then begin to dwell on it. And if you're not careful, the things you thought you were over with, you should have been over with, are now trying to resurface again. That's where it takes God to come in every day of our life to allow strength in our time of weakness. Is forgiveness easy? Can anyone tell me that forgiving somebody is the easiest thing you've ever done? No. Forgiveness is not easy. Forgiveness takes time. Forgiveness is a process. I found out through my life, forgiveness is a process. But I'm so glad that people was able to forgive me. Sister April, have you ever done anything crazy in your life? Yeah. And are you glad you were forgiven of that? The same forgiveness that we were shown. You say, "This is very elementary." It is. It is. It is. But the forgiveness that God shown you and somebody else shown you, we ought to be able to do it to someone else. You say, "Well, they forgave me." But that person over there, it's just like that parable that Jesus was telling us about. One man was forgiven of all those talents and then he left. What did he do? He goes right to someone that owed him and punished him over the same thing he was just forgiven over. You can be forgiven all day long. But to go to somebody else and say, "Well, I, you know, God dealt with all of this, but you called me a name. You didn't text me back. You know, if if that was the problem, Dad would be the whole be mad at you. I found someone worse than you, Brother Josh Bennett. Took me three months to get him to text me back. So, I know dad's dad's gotten better. Brother Robert Breeze talking to brother Robert there. See, seeing this the other day and it says, "When we forgive, we set a prisoner free and discover that the prisoner we set free is us." When we forgive, we set a prisoner free and discover that the prisoner we set free, the only harm that you're doing by holding a grudge, the only person that you're poisoning is yourself. You're hurting yourself. The other person could have already gotten over it, not realize they even hurt you, and you're holding on to something. All it's doing is poisoning your thoughts. It's squeezing the life out of your prayer. Every time you come across them, they don't realize they've even hurt you, but you're you're so mad at them over something that you can't see clearly. When you go to prayer and you're in church, you see that person over here, all you're doing is thinking about what they did instead of realizing that there's there's a God in the room that can free you of those chains. Praise the Lord. So when we forgive, we set a prisoner free and discover, say that with me, that the prisoner we set free set free is me. Psalms 103 and 12 says, "As far as the east is from the west, so far have he removed our transgressions from us." Hallelujah. Micah 7:18 says, "Who is a God like unto thee that pardoneth iniquity and passeth by the transgression of the remnant of his inheritance heritage? He retainth not his anger forever." Thank God for that. Because he delightth in mercy. He will turn again. He will have compassion upon us. He will subdue our iniquities, oh my. and thou will cast all of our sins into the depths of the sea. Matthew 6:9 says after this matter therefore pray ye our father which art in heaven hallowed be thy name thy kingdom come thy will be done in earth in earth right here this flesh as it is in heaven and give us this day our daily bread and forgive us our debts as we forgive our debtors and lead us not into temptation but deliver us from evil. For thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory forever. Verse 14 says, "And if you forgive men their trespasses, your heavenly Father will forgive you. But if you forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your father forgive your trespasses." Matthew 5:43 it says, "Ye have heard that it hath been said that thou shalt love thy neighbor and hate thy enemy. But I say unto you, love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you and persecute you." We just read this scripture, but can we read it one more time? In Matthew 18-21, then kept Peter to him and said, Lord, how oft shall my brother sin against me and I forgive him till seven times? And Jesus said unto him, I say not unto thee until seven times, but until 70* 7. How, brother Merl, you're good with math. How many is that? 490. 490 times in a day. That does not give you the right to go out there and try to rogue your brother 490 times. 490 times. 490 times. But it means that forgiveness is unlimited. No matter how many times they wronged you, how many times they hurt you, you forgive. Say, "Lord, I need your help." seen this story and I'm almost done. We're doing good for Wednesday night. Says, "There is a story of two brothers who lived side by side in their farms for many years until one day a foolish argument caused a rift between them. This was the first serious disagreement the brothers had in all their 50 years. Up until that day, they always worked their fields together and share knowledge and produce and lent a helping hand to one another in times of need. The fight began over a small misunderstanding which can sometimes happen. But the dispute dragged on and became an angry exchange of words followed by weeks of silence. recommended by one uh by one day there was a knock on the older brother's door and when he opened it he was facing an old bearded carpenter holding a toolbox. "I can sure use some work, sir," said the stranger. "Do you need any repairs in your farm?" "Yes," replied the brother. "I got a job for you. Across the creek, there's a farm that happens to belong to my younger brother. And until recently, the whole area between our homes were green. But then he changed the creek's path, making it into a border between us. "I'm not sure he did that for spite, but I'll show him," said the older brother. "You see those trees by the barn? I want you to turn them into a 10-ft tall fence." "I don't ever want to see his face again." "Well," the old carpenter thought quietly to himself for a few minutes and eventually said, "I see." So the farmer helped the carpenter carry his tools and wood, then drove off to the city of Samarans. When he came back in the evening, the old carpenter had finished. Upon arriving at the creek, the older brother was stunned. His eyes were bulging out, and he couldn't utter a single word. Where a fence should have been standing, a bridge now stood. A quaint and special bridge, truly a work of art. At the same time, the younger brother happened to come to the same spot. He rushed over the bridge and embraced his older brother. "You're something special," he said, building a bridge after all that I've said and done. While both brothers were hugging, the old carpenter collected his tools and started walking away. The brothers turned to him and said, "Please save for a few more days. We have more things that need fixing." He says, 'I would I would have loved to you, kind sir, said the carpenter, but I have many more bridges to build and things to fix in other places. And I love this. Says, "The moral of this story is a simple one. We often let anger push us away from our loved ones and allow pride to come before our love." Says, "Don't ever let that happen. Learn to forgive and appreciate what you have. Says the past cannot be changed but the future can be. The past cannot be changed but the future can be. And before I close, hope this is okay. I want to talk about bitterness for just a a moment. And I want to use Luke 17 and6 if that's okay. And the Lord said, "If you have faith as a grain of a mustard seed, you might say unto the sycamore sycamine." Is that what that says? Sycamine tree. Do what? Sycamore. Sycamine. Be thou plucked up by the root and be thou planted in the sea and it shall obey you. And what I'm wanting to really talk about in this scripture is that sycamine sycamore tree. Begin to look at these characteristics. They say this tree can get up to 50 foot tall and with widespread branches that go in every direction. And it says here that it always stays green and it had a low growing branch that makes it easy to climb. They say this tree, the the fruit that it produces is very bitter. Okay? And we see how big this tree can get. And you can look at bitterness and unforgiveness in your life that if it's not dealt with, it can grow into something big. Ain't that right? They say this tree, I guess like anything in in in plants or trees that it has it can't be cut off at the ground because the root system in this tree they say is massive and it can spread and it can spread. So we understand, brother Merl, you're not supposed to cut off weeds, right? You're supposed to pluck them up. And with this tree, they say that its roots is deep and extensive. And they say when you want to get rid of this tree, you must pluck it out by the roots. And bitterness and unforgiveness, I hope this is okay. I I came across this today. Bitterness and unforgiveness has a massive root system. It has things in your life that if not dealt with, it will grow and it will grow and it will grow till it becomes something so big in your life that without the Lord's help, you're never going to get rid of it. And a lot of times we try to deal with that and we cut it off at the at the surface not realizing that the roots are still deep down in our heart. Is that okay? They say the sycamore tree, if you put a rod up against the malberry tree, do we have malberry trees in Oklahoma? Is their fruit sweet? They say that you could put a sycamine tree and a malberry tree side by side. Their fruit looks identical, but one of them is sweet and one of them is bitter. They say the sycamore sycamine, I keep calling sycamore sycamines trees wood back in the day was the preferred wood for building caskets. I want to throw this out there if that's okay. If you allow bitterness and unforgiveness in your life, all it produces is death. You say, "I I don't know." It does. It will kill your spiritual walk with the Lord. If you don't deal with the bitterness in your life, if you don't allow something to be that was said to be let go of, what happens? It will build and the roots will go down so deep in your heart that it will crush the very life that you have. Now I hope that's okay. I seen one more thing here as the musicians get ready to come. It says the sycamine tree is pollinated only by wasps. They say the pollination process was only initiated when a wasp stuck its stinger right into the heart of the fruit. Says, "Thus the tree and his fruit had to be stung in order to be produced." How many's ever heard the saying that when when you're hurt by somebody, it's you you just been stung by them? Words can hurt. Words can destroy. And if we're not careful, we'll allow that to poison the fruit. Amen. Brother Brandham says here, go back up to it here. Says, "The spirit of God upon you will make you act like Jesus." Now, there's where you find the Holy Spirit. See, that's what the Holy Spirit does. It makes you meek. It makes you humble. Makes you forgiving. Could they pull the whiskers from your face if they had them there and jerk them out and spit in your face? Would you have the power to call a legion of angels? Could you do that for the love of the people that was spitting in your face? Could you do it? If somebody just walked up to you and said, "Hey, you hypocrite." And smacked you on one side of the face, could you pray for their forgiveness? Now, that's where trust the test whether you got the Holy Spirit or not. See, when somebody says something evil against someone, sometimes that claims to have the Holy Spirit, I'll get even with her even if it takes me in my last days. See, that's theirs is where you check about your Holy Spirit. See, says, "Blessed are you when men shall say all manner of evil against you falsely for my name's sake, but you go get even with them." No. Rejoice and be exceedingly glad, for so persecuted they the prophets which were before you. See when someone says evil about you, say something good. If you can't say something good about them, don't say anything at all. Just let it go. See, and then when you get to yourself, you pray for them. You know what? You could hurt their little feelings. Papa and mama knows a lot of time they get in trouble. gives them a spacing. He says this, another quote, why two minutes their little arms are wrapped around them and forgot all about it. And that's the way we got to do no matter what goes on. We got to be forgiving and kind to one another and be like that, like little children willing to forgive and forget and like that. That's what we're supposed to do. that when we do that, we're coming near to the kingdom of God. Then, heavenly father, uh we love you, Lord. I'm asking here tonight, Lord, that you'll look deep in our hearts. If there's anything, Lord, a root of bitterness Lord, any odd against one another, Lord, any unforgiveness that, Father, that we need to forgive someone over, I pray tonight, that you'll check the hearts, Lord. May we be honest with ourselves, with you here tonight, Lord, and realize that I might have an odd here, Lord, or I I might have something against somebody here, or I may be hurting here. Lord, I pray that you'll help each individual here tonight. Lord, we love you. We thank you for all that you've done for us and forgiving us. In your name, we pray. Amen. And amen. As we invite our pastor now, can we sing that He has forgiven me. My sins have been washed from his memory [Music] by the blood of the lamb of Calary. He has forgiven me once again now. Oh, he has forgiven me. My sins have been washed from his memory by the blood of the lamb of Calary. [Music] He has forgiven me. One more time now. Oh, he has forgiven me. My sins have been washed from his memory by the blood of the lamb. of Calary. [Music] He has forgiven me. Oh, search me, Lord. Oh, search me, Lord. Oh, let your light down from heaven over my soul. Oh, if you find anything that should not be, take it out, oh Lord, and strengthen me. I want to live right. I want to be saved. And can we go up a key? Oh, oh, search me, Lord. Oh, search me, Lord. [Music] Oh, let your light down from heaven over my soul. Oh, if you find anything that should not be taken out, oh Lord, strengthen me. I want to live right. I want to be saved. And I want to be whole. Can we stand and sing it now? Oh, search me Lord. Oh, search me Lord. Oh, let your light down from heaven over my soul. Oh, if you find anything that should not be, take it out, oh Lord, and strengthen me. I want to live right. I want to be saved and I want to be whole. One more time. Oh, search me Lord. Oh, search me Lord. [Music] Let your life [Music] I want to live right. I want to be saved. I want to be whole. Hallelujah. [Applause] Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. What a pertinent message for every one of us today. When there's so much unforgiveness, we're living in a world of just unforgiveness. Everyone's so angry. Everyone's holding everything over the heads of somebody else. And if you could just record what we say about other people and the judgments we make and just play that back to ourselves and how that tearing somebody else down, what what are you doing to them? You hear people, you know, wives tear their husbands down and um you hear husbands tearing their wives down, parents their children, and you you you listen and you think, "Do you not remember when you were a child?" told her, "Do you not Do you not realize how miserable your husband is having to put up with you? [Music] Come on. Sometimes he's miserable having to put up with you, and sometimes that's humanity. But when I've been freely forgiven by the Lord, freely loved by the Lord, and I have found his grace, and as as Kobe said, brother Kobe said, "No man can forgive in his own ability, there's got to be a higher someone higher who can forgive me and help me, and that's Jesus Christ." No human. We've all hurt each other, but God chose to come and become a man to pay the price to forgive me of my sin. And tonight, it makes it easy for me to be able to forgive somebody else of theirs because I've been forgiven by God. I've been loved by God. I've been healed by God. And now I can I can love unconditionally, give unconditionally. Do I make mistakes? Yes, I do. Do I need to go back and ask more forgiveness? Yes, I do. But the more I have to ask for forgiveness, I always want to be willing to forgive. Lord, let me forgive those around me. Amen. I thought that was that was a wonderful message tonight. [Applause] When you forgive I I like that when you forgive others, you set a prisoner free. And when you look, you find that you are that prisoner that's been set free. And I think that's a wonderful thing. Well, I don't want to think too high and mighty of myself, and neither should you think too high and mighty of yourself. We We We're all prone to hurt one another. But I'm so glad that a Christian's prone to forgive because of the grace of God. Amen. Well, Brother Kobe was going to preach. Uh I had him for this last Sunday night. When brother Jonathan was here, he texted and said, "Man, I can do it another time." So, we we pushed him on over here for tonight. And I'm glad I'm glad we did. We had two wonderful services on Sunday and a wonderful service tonight. Amen. and like to say it's really good to have Lena and Shakana with us and uh [Applause] and so um they came to visit with with mom for a few days and mom and dad and I think they're going to be heading back. When are you leaving? When are you going back home? Next week. So, I think they're going to be leaving next next week. No, [Music] leaving out Friday. Amen. Well, man, that's short. Um, so been so glad to have them tonight and enjoyed your songs. And uh I don't know if y'all noticed or not, but we've got Sister Stephanie Green back there. She's been playing hookie lately and and uh uh so glad glad y'all glad you made it, brother. Brother Joe's still in Louisiana. And uh so we uh we're just enjoying every last minute we get with with Sister Stephanie and brother Joe and they're around and and we're praying for them and this this adventure of theirs as as they're heading to uh Louisiana. So I hear everything's been going accord and and so we're thankful to the Lord for his blessing you all. But it sure is good to see you tonight, Sister Stephanie. We've been missing you. Amen. And uh we love brother Joe and sister Stephanie. Let's see anyone else. Uh are we I guess we you know we didn't recognize this young man over here with the torances. Good to have you with us Sunday and today. Amen. Praise the Lord. All right. Well, we'll just uh we're going to dismiss here. Amen. Um, now we do have we we we do have our Fourth of July. It'll be this Friday. So, we're going to have a a cookout there at the church and and um or the fellowship hall. And uh going to going to have some u games and and things that I think everyone might might have some water games. So, you might bring some extra clothes for the kids uh just in case. And then um uh also we'll have we'll we'll spend some time out the lake if if everyone wants to get together for the uh for that. That's always a lot of fun for the for that that uh Fourth of July. Uh they put on a nice display, but it's just good being with everyone too. And so I encourage everyone th those of you that's uh not not been coming to the church functions, I'd encourage you to do so when we put these on. We It is a lot of work and and so um we want you to be here if you can. Amen. You and your family can do other stuff on another weekend, but when we got a church function, let's let's all do it together. Amen. I think that's a good idea. And um so, all right. Uh what are we going to sing uh as we dismiss here? Praise the Lord, brother Merl. for the Lord and right. Keep on the firing line. Truly you must find keep on the fire in line. There are many dangers that we all must face. We die. I'm fighting. There is no disgrace. [Music] We'll find no place. So keep on the fire line or you must fight. Be brave. Stand against all evil. Never. God bless you. We'll let you dismiss yourselves in the fear of the Lord. Love every one of you. Praise the Lord. And the right keep on the fire in line. Oh, God will only use a soldier he can trust. So keep on. [Music] If you wear a crown, keep on the firing line. [Music] Life is but the labor for the master dear. Help red good cheer. [Applause] [Music] Oh, so keep on the fire. Shake one another's hands as you dismiss. Oh, we must fight. Be brave. Stand against all evil. Never run. [Music]
