################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-31 - 2025-08-31 Bro Wendall Martin My Change Is Coming - Wendall Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-31
Title:   2025-08-31 Bro Wendall Martin "My Change Is Coming"
Speaker: Wendall Martin
Church:  New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=derJfTsRWqQ
========================================

I'm pardoned and my sins are washed. They're all wash away. Yes, my sins are [Music] failed you. Lord, you know the many times I've gone astray. But Lord, I've learned your love is stronger than my weakness. [Music] Glad your ears are open every time I pray. Oh, no one else has ever cared for me like you, Lord. No other friend could ever be as close to me. I'm not afraid to face the problems of tomorrow. Knowing you are everything you ever need. Lord, I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed that you still care. Through your preious blood, I found pardon. And my sins are washed. They've all been washed away. My sins are washed away. One knew how alone I was feeling. [Music] and the emptiness I tried so hard to hide. Though I laughed and said my life was mine without you. I was covering up the secret tears. I cried. But then one day someone told me of your mercy when the love you showed on a hill called Calary for there you die to purchase my redemption. when you broke sin's power and set my spirit free. Lord, I'm amazed. Oh, that you love me. I'm so amazed [Music] at how you care. It's through your precious blood that I found pardoned. [Music] And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. My sins are washed away. Yes, it's true. There's been days when I failed you. Lord, you know the times I've gone astray, but Lord, I've learned your love. It's my ears are open. Oh, no cared for me like you, Lord. No other friend could ever be as close to me. I'm not afraid to face the problems of tomorrow. Knowing you are everything I'll ever need. Lord, I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed at how you care. Through your precious blood, I found pardon. My sins are washed. They've all been washed away. My sins are washed away. Yes, my sins are washed [Music] away. My sins are wash away. [Music] save me. How he filled me with the Holy Ghost. When I think about my Lord, how he picked me up, he turned me around. How he place my feet on solid ground. It makes me want to shout. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all my praise. It makes me want to shout. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory, all the honor, and all the praise. When I think about the Lord, how he saved me, how he raised me, friend, he filled me with the Holy Ghost. He's healed me to the uttermost. When I think about my Lord, how he picked me up, he turned me around. How he place my feet on this solid ground and makes me what a shout. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all my honor and all my praise. It makes me would a shout. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory, honor, and all the praise. So when I think about the Lord, how he saved me, how he raised me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost, he healed me to the uttermost. When I think about the Lord, how he pick me up, he turn me around, how he place my feet on solid ground and makes me want to shout. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. It makes me what a shout. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory, all the honor, all the praise. It makes me want to shout. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus, Lord. You're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. [Music] He can move the mountain. He keeps me through the valleys. hides me from the rain. My God is awesome. He heals me when I'm broken. Give strength where I am weak. Forever he will reign. My God is awesome. Fred is awome. Lord, you're so awome. He's awesome. My God is awome. Savior of the whole world, the giver of salvation. It's by his stripes I'm healed. My God is awome. Today I stand for his grace is why I'm living. I'll praise his holy name. [Music] My God is awome. He's awesome. He's awome. He's awesome. Oh my God is awome. He can move the mountain. Keep me in the valley. Hide me from the rain. My God is awome. Heals me weak. I'm broken. Gives strength where I am weak. Forever he will reign. My God is awome. Awesome. My bride is awome. So awesome. My God is awome. Savior of the whole world. the giver of salvation. By his stripes I'm here. My God is awesome. Today I am forgiving. His grace is why I'm living. I'll praise his holy name. My God is awesome. Our God is awesome. He's awome. He's awesome. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's awome. So awesome. He's your healer. Your healer. Your healer. Your healer. It's awome. So awesome. Our God is awesome, friend. He's awesome. He's awome. [Music] So awesome. Our God is awome. He can move your mountains, keep you through the valleys, hide you from the rain. [Music] Our God is awome. He heals me when I'm broken. Gives strength where I am weak. Forever he will reign. My God is awesome. [Music] It's awesome. Awesome. Awesome. Our God is awome. Lord, you're so awome. Oh, awesome. He's awesome. Awesome. [Music] Awesome. Oh, he's great. He's great. He's great. He's great. He's awesome. He's all He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's almighty. He's mighty. He's awesome. This is what he is to me. He's my healer. My heer. My healer. He's been my healer today. He's my healer tomorrow. He's my healer forever. He's my healer. Oh, he's my savior. He's my savior. My savior. My savior. My savior. My awesome. Oh, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. My God is awome. Oh, he's awesome. He's awome. He's awome. My God is awome. Can you say that this morning? I want to tell the world what he did for me. Amen. And shout it from the mountaintops. Amen. That he is alive and risen from the dead. Amen. He's an awesome, awesome God. Amen. And he loved me when I was unlovable. And he when I was yet a sinner, he died for me. Amen. Can you raise your hand and say, "He died for you." Amen. So good to be in his presence this morning to see everyone. Amen. We got special service today. I'll just let leave that up to the pastor this morning. But we uh sure get good to see everybody. And we just want to announce that we've got some visitors in the building. Amen. Of course, uh, Sister Shayla and Hayden, they're not visitors. Amen. Right back there. And we sure appreciate their just the fine spirit that they have. Amen. And looking forward to what God is doing. Amen. And I believe they uh Shayla sister here. Is that right? Amen. She's right there. All right. She's about got the same color of hair as my wife. Amen. And her name is Charlotte. Is that right? Good to have you, Charlotte. Amen. And then, uh, Hayden's mom, Crystal. Amen. Well, you you don't look old enough to be his mom. Good to have her. Crystal and uh uh Hayden's aunt, which is Angie. Where you at, Angie? Right there. The short one. [Music] Hey, we'll put you up here on the front row so everybody can see you if you want. God bless you this this morning. Amen. Any anyone else? We got more than that. You're Amy. Yeah, I didn't say Shayla's mom yet. Amy. All right. Right there. Everybody say hi to Amy. [Music] Man, you got that back row covered up. Sister Denise right there. God bless every Oh, and my Lord, I look up and Brother Michael and Sister Cassie Cochran all the way from Walnut Ridge, Arkansas. Is that close enough? Good to have them. Uh, brother Steve and sister Karen's son. They're Oh, we're we're just going to go around the room here. All right. Kev, brother Kevin, he's back with us this morning. We can't get rid of him. [Music] He can just fly wherever he wants to because he's a pilot. Amen. Good to have you, Kevin. And I look up and I see Brother David Vermillion. Amen. Back with us. God bless you, brother David. He's as old as I am. Good to have him this morning. Any other visitors? We don't want to leave anybody out. Amen. It's good to see uh brother uh brother Dur back on the guitar this morning. God bless you. What a soldier. Amen. Well, God knows each and every one of us and I believe he's got something special for each and every one of us this morning. Amen. So, be under expectation. Amen. for what God is going to do. Amen. Well, let's just sing his praises this morning. And gee, I believe. I love to sing your praise, Lord. I love the sound of your name. [Music] It fills me with peace. Washes over me like a sweet gentle rain. Oh, I love to sing your praise. It brings the victory. No matter what I face through all of my days. Oh, turn around and tell somebody. Oh, I love to sing your praise to the Lord. I love the sound of your name. [Music] It fills me with peace. washes over me like a sweet gentle rain. I love to sing your praise. The Lord brings the victory. No matter what I face, through all of my days, I love to sing your praise. I love to sing your praise, Lord. I love the sound of your name. It fills me with peace. Washes over me like a sweet gentle rain. Love to sing your praise, Lord. It brings the victory. No matter what I face all of my days, I'll sing it again. Oh, I love to sing your praise, Lord. I love the sound of your name. It fills me with peace. Washes over me like the sweet gentle rain. I love to sing your praise, Lord. It brings the victory no matter what I face. all of my days. One more time. Let's sing his praise. I love to sing your praise. Lord, I love the sound of your name. Fills me with peace. Washes over me like a sweet gentle rain. I love to sing your praise, Lord. that brings the victory. No matter what I face through all of my days, I love to sing your praise. No matter No matter what I face through all of my days, I love to sing your praise. [Applause] [Music] He promised to hold my promised to help me stand when the valley's too low and the rivers too wide. He promised he would lead me to the other side. He promised to light my way. Never let my feet too stray. Living on his word, I will overcome. Standing on his promises, one by one. He promised to hold my hand. He promised to help me stand when the valley's too low and the river's too wide. He promised he would lead me to the He promised to light my way. Never let my feet be too strain. Oh, he's watching over us. Overcome. Oh, as they come for the offering. Sing it one more time. Well, he promised to hold my hand. He promised to help me stand when that valley so low. He promised he would lead me to the other side. He promised to light my way. Never let my feet to stray. Living on his word, I will overcome. Standing on his promises one by one. Give him a hand clap of praise. He's kept you this far. He'll take you the rest of the way home. Amen. He promised. Amen. every head bowed as brother Harry leads us in prayer. [Music] &gt;&gt; Dear Lord, we just count it an honor and a privilege to be able to gather once more, Lord, just to to worship you and to to be in your presence, Lord. Lord, we pray that you would just, Lord, bless the the tithes and the offerings, Lord. Bless those that are that are able to give and those that aren't, Lord. And Lord, may it just be used for the furtherance of your kingdom, Lord. We just we commit the remainder of the service into your hands. In the name of Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. [Music] Amen. We're going to sing an old one this morning, a good heap. So, young people, try to keep up. Amen. Down at the cross where my Savior died. down where for cleansing from sin I cried. There to my heart was the blood of life. Gloryy to his name. I say gloryy to his name. Oh, gloryy to his wonderful name. There to my heart was the blood of life. Gloryy to Oh, let me tell you more. Well, I am so wonderously saved from sin. Jesus so sweetly abides within. Oh, there at the cross where he took me in. Oh, gloryy to his name. I say gloryy to his name. Oh, sing gloryy to his wonderful name. There to my heart was the blood of life. Glory to. Oh, let's sing another. Well, oh precious fountain that still saves from sin. I am so glad I have entered in there. Jesus saves me and keeps me clean. Gloryy to his name. [Music] Oh, sing gloryy to his name. Glory to his wonderful name. Their heart was the blood. Oh, sister uh Len gets ready to sing Tell You About My Jesus. Let's sing another verse. Welcome to this fountain so rich and sweet. Cast thy poor soul at the safe. Your speed you can plunge in today and be made complete. Oh glory to oh just put those hands together and say oh gloryy to his king. Oh, gloryy to his wonderful name. There to my heart was the blood of life. Gloryy to his name. Somebody shout glory to his name. You may be seated. Amen. And God bless you, sister. [Music] Let's go [Music] away. Is it all too much to car? Let me tell you about my Jesus. Do you feel that empty feeling? The shame and all is it stealing and you're desperate for some healing. Let me tell you about my Jesus. [Music] He makes a way where there ain't no way. Rises up from an empty grave. Ain't no sinner that he can save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. And his love is strong and his grace is free. The good news is I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Let me tell you about my Jesus. and let my Jesus change your life. Hallelujah. And hallelujah. And hallelujah. Amen. You wipe away your tears from broken dreams and wasted years until the past to disappear. Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus. And all the wrong turns that you would going under if you could. He can work it out for your good. Let me tell you about my Jesus. He makes a way where there ain't no way. Rises up from an empty grave. Ain't no sinner that he can Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is free. The good news is I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Let me tell you about my Jesus. And let my Jesus change your life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Take my cross to Calary. Pay the price for all my guilty. Who would care that much about me? Let me tell you about my Jesus. He makes a way where there ain't no way. rises up from an empty grave. Ain't no sinner that he can save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. And his love is strong and his grace is free. The good news is I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Let me tell you about my Jesus. and let my Jesus change your life. Hallelujah. And hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. [Music] His [Applause] love is strong and his grace is free. &gt;&gt; And if it takes a 10, 11 year old to say it. Amen. Say it. [Music] Praise is perfected. Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh my. Thank you. Let me tell you about my Jesus. Amen. Amen. Let's go to D. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. [Music] I was a wretch. I remember who I was. I was lost. I was blind. I was running out of time. But sin separated. The bridge was far too wide. But from the far side of the chasm, you held me in your sight. So you made a way across that great divide, left behind heaven's throne to build it inside. There at the cross, you paid the debt I owe. Broke my chains, freed my soul. for the first time I had old. And thank you Jesus for the blood of light. Thank you Jesus. You have washed me white. Oh thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. brought me from the darkness into glorious light. And you took my place, laid inside my tomb of sin. You were buried for three days, but then you walked right out again. And now death has no sting. And life has no end. For I have been transformed by the blood of the lamb. Thank you Jesus for the blood applied. Thank you Jesus. You have washed me white. Oh, thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. Brought me from the darkness into glorious light. And there is nothing stronger than the wonder working power of the blood. Oh, I know what it did for me. Oh, that calls us sons and daughters. You have a ransom for our fathers through the blood. Oh, the blood. [Music] Oh, there is nothing stronger than the wonder working power of the blood. The blood that calls us sons and daughters. We are ransom by our father through the blood. [Music] the blood. Thank you Jesus for the blood of life. Thank you Jesus. You have washed me white. Oh thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. brought me from the darkness into glorious light. You have brought me from my darkness into glorious light. [Music] [Applause] Oh, what a grace. Amen. Well, God bless you this morning. I hope it's as real for you as it is for me. Amen. If you've got what I got, Amen. I believe you you've got something that'll hold you. Amen. Even when you lose an 18-year-old son, you better have something cuz the devil will take you down a dark, lonely road. Sister April, Brother John. that he gave us something to hold us, to keep us through. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. That the blood was applied. Amen. Or I would be lost. I'd be a wretch. Amen. Thank you this morning. Amen. For songs to him. I know he inhabits the praises of his people. Where two or three are gathered in his name, he said, "I'll be there. I'll be in your midst. I'll be with you. been in you till the end of the world. Amen. As we ask the man of God to come this morning. Amen. Let's just sing this one more course and ask Sister Mary if not for grace. Amen. Where would I be? [Music] You only know. I'm glad you see through eyes of love. I was a hopeless case. I had an empty place. If not for grace, amazing grace, how sweet the sound. I want to hear it this morning. Once was lost, but now I've found [Music] a hopeless case, an empty place. If you've experienced that grace, just give him a wave offering. Where would I be? Where would I be? [Music] You only know. I wouldn't be here. But I'm glad you see through eyes of love a hopeless case an empty place. Oh amazing grace, how sweet the sound. Oh, amazing. Great. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. If not, let's sing. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound. [Music] I once was lost, but now I'm found. A hopeless case, an empty place if not for grace, a hopeless case, an empty place if not for grace. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad for God's amazing grace in your life? He's been so good to us. Good morning. Good to see all of our friends here this morning. And uh Amen. I've enjoyed the I've enjoyed the the songs and and what what can we say about Sister Len's song this morning? God bless you, Len. Amen. And uh I was blessed by that. Enjoyed the the the presence of the Lord. Just good to see everyone here. And um uh just it's so so good to uh have Sister Shayla and and Brother Hayden's family with us this morning. God bless y'all. Yeah. So so blessed to have y'all. We've just been blessed to have this young couple with us here in the church and and uh uh becoming just become friends with us and and we're just so delighted. And Sister Shayla is getting baptized this morning. And um I'm I'm just so delighted to to see that. And so uh this is going to be a very special service. And uh uh it it it's it's good to see you standing there, Brother Mitch. He he broke his ankle and uh uh fell off of a ladder and and uh so he's he's he's in a boot this morning and bless your heart. Uh so we're we're praying for you, Brother Mitch. And it's just good to see everyone um here with us. Good to see brother Michael, sister Cassie, and and look at that baby girl. That's our miracle baby. Amen. They had been waiting. They've been wanting a baby for a long time and God just gave that baby to them and we are so excited. Amen. Well, I'm not going to go back over what Brother Merurl has already uh introduced everyone. We're just glad to have all of y'all today. Let's let's look in here before you have your seats. Let's look here in Job the 14th chapter. And we're going to read the first verse. And um uh I I uh seen brother Kevin drive by the house the other day and I said, "Hey, good to see that he's in town." And we we sure love Brother Kevin and and we're proud of him. I mean, he's he's flying those big old jets and and uh Amen. You wouldn't ever want me in a pilot seat. I promise. Amen. And uh but we're we're sure proud of you, Brother Kevin. And so good to have you here this morning. Amen. There in the book of Job the 14th chapter, first verse, it says, "Man that is born of a woman is of a few days and full of trouble. He comes forth like a flower and is cut down. He fleth also as a shadow and continues not." And does thou open thine eyes upon such and one and bring me into judgment with thee? Who can bring a clean thing out of an unclean? Not one. Seeing his days are determined, the numbers of his months are with thee. Thou hast appointed his bounds that he cannot pass. Turn from him that he may rest till he shall accomplish as an hireling his day. For there is hope of a tree, if it be cut down, that it will sprout again, and the tender branch thereof will not cease. Though the root thereof waxs old in the earth, and the stalk thereof die in the ground, yet through the scent of water, it will bud and bring forth bows like a plant. But a man dies and waste away. Yay, man giveth up the ghost. Where is he? As the waters fail from the sea and the flood decays and dries up, so man lies down and rises not till the heaven be no more. They shall not awake nor be raised out of their sleep. Oh, that thou wouldest hide me in the grave, that thou wouldest keep me a secret until thy wrath be passed. That thou wouldest to appoint me a set time and remember me. If a man dies, shall he live again? All the days of my appointed time will I wait till my change come. Amen. And I just want to take a simple thought this morning. My change is coming. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Father, we thank you for your divine grace. And as brother Merl was singing that song, where would I be? God only knows. But Lord, you've looked down through love and with your grace toward your your sons of God, your daughters of God that were in your mind before the foundation of the world, you have brought redemption to us. Father, we thank you for it now. Lord, I'm asking that you would give us grace this morning. Help me, Lord, to get myself out of the way so that your words can be spoke. Lord, use me, Lord. I pray that you will be with the congregation and that you will bless each and everyone that that we not just hearing words of a man but Lord let us hear your words this morning. Father, we love you. We thank you for it now in Jesus name we pray. Can the church say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And amen. God bless you. You can be seated here this morning. Amen. I want to minister here this morning along this lines. My change is coming. Job was asking the question. Amen. And I think every wise man and woman ask that same question. Amen. When they find that there are creatures of time, Amen. They wonder what happens. Amen. When time ceases, what what what am I? who who is man and it seems like that has been the question of the ages. Uh I believe it was brother uh Harry that had had mentioned the question where did I come from and where am I going? Many books have been written and and theories have have come forth. There's the the theory of of of evolution you know the big bang theory. There's the uh you know larvae uh you know crawling out of the Nile River and amen and and here comes man. But yet we know that there is something about man that is of a higher order than amen than that. Some will say mortal life is all there is and that this this life is is all you've got. So you've got to live life to the fullest right now. But the Bible teaches us differently. It teaches us that there is some part of us that came from God. Amen. At the very beginning, there was something there that was with God eternally. Amen. And so Job was in despair as he was in the the greatest time of his life being a prophet, a great man of God. And and and yet here he is. He had lost his children. He had lost everything that he had owned. And now he's scraping boils off of his body. And he and he's he's he's sitting there in the in the ash heap and he's and he's he's he's asking the question, is is God mindful of me? Amen. Does God know where I'm at? Does God understand you know that that I am uh uh I I am going to the grave and it and it seems like amen I have no hope beyond this grave. And as he begin to question amen God comes and visits him there in the in the 38th chapter of Job and and and you know and I'm just going to read it to you there in the first verse. He says, "And then the Lord answered Job out of the whirlwind and said, Who is this that darkeneth uh counsel by words without knowledge? Gird up thy loins like a man, for I will demand of thee, and answer thou me. Where was thou when I laid the foundations of the earth? Declare, if thou hast an understanding, who has laid the measures thereof, if thou knowest? Who hath stretched the line upon it? Whereupon are the foundations thereof fastened? Who laid the cornerstone thereof? When the morning stars sang together, and all the sons of God shouted for joy. Now he is talking to this prophet. Amen. And he's letting him know, now listen. Amen. Before the foundations of the earth, there were some sons and daughters that were in my mind. They were with me eternally. Amen. Before the world ever began, in my mind, I I I want to tell you here this morning, there is an eternal quality to God's elect people. &gt;&gt; Amen. God's people, God's sons and daughters. Can you say amen? Amen. There. Amen. Job, you were e eternally in my mind. You know, it reminds me of the scripture there there in in Hebrews the 4th chapter that the works were finished. Amen. Before the foundation of the world. A and so the Bible is declaring to to to God is declaring to Job, amen, that that this human experience or this Amen. this finite lifestyle of of of sickness and decay and sin a and death there there is a resurrection there there is a promise you came from God and you're going to go back to God amen there in Job the 19th chapter and the and the 25th verse he says for I this is the same one asking the question now now he is saying I know my redeemer redeemer lives and he shall stand in the latter day upon the earth. And though amen after my though after my skin worms destroy this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God. Amen. What was God revealing to him? Is there is something about you. There is something in you that is of an eternal quality. God's eternal seed was with Well, glory to God. How many believes that God is all knowing? How many knows God's got a divine plan? God's got a divine purpose for every one of you in your lives. Amen. I I I just want to tell you this morning. I want to bring some news to you. Amen. That God's got some people that has been in his mind for a very long time. And there is no trial. There's no circumstance. There is nothing that can ever separate you from God's divine love toward you. &gt;&gt; Amen. You study the botney life. Amen. And nature has an Easter when the flower comes up. Amen. On Easter time and it begins to bud, it begins to bloom. And amen. The fragrance of the roses as they come out. Amen. And it's a glorious time. It goes through the spring and the summer and then things begin to as as as the the fall time begins to come, the little petals begin to fall off, the the flowers begin to to uh uh fade away and before you know it, amen, winter comes and the flower is is dead. And you look at the rose bush there, it's dead. You look at everything and it's dead. But you see, there is eternal life or there is h a perpetual life down in the seed of that plant. Amen. It may be dead, but it's not dead. It may be over, but it's not over. There's going to come an Easter time for the lily. There's going to be an Well, I just want Amen. you to know you might have some gray hair and you may be on a cane or a walker this morning. Amen. And you may be getting old, but if you possess eternal life, amen, there is an Easter for you. There is a springtime for you that will come back up in the spring again. Well, can I hear a great big amen? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. You look there at the sun. The sun rises up as a little baby in the morning. Amen. As it's coming up from the east. Amen. at 10:00 it's in its teenage years a noon day. Amen. It's in a it's in its full strength and the afternoon. Amen. It it it's in the middle age and the evening time it begins to go back down. Is that the end of the sun? Is is this the end of it? Amen. We don't see the sun anymore. All we see is darkness. All we see is Amen. You You can't see the sun. Amen. Where did it go? Surely it's not gone forever. Well, can you say amen? God has a purpose for the sun. So, it has to come back up in the morning season. It'll rise back up. What does that speak of, friends? It speaks that when this mortal life is over and you go down in the grave, you are going to rise again, a brand new body. Well, praise the Lord. You may be staggering a little bit right now. Amen. You may be feeble right now, but you have got, Amen. the promise of a resurrection. And in your flesh, you shall see God again. &gt;&gt; Amen. The believer was witnessing to a really important man one day, and as they sit around a little bonfire, Amen. and he he just put some more logs on the fire and he and he was he was trying to explain the shortness of this life and he man a little sparrow had had flown into the light of the of of the of the the you know out of the night into the light and and then as a sparrow flew in a man he just flies right back off into the night and and the and the Christian asks the man he says where did he go and where did where did he come come from? And where did he go? He come from somewhere and he went somewhere. Are you hearing me? You see, Jesus says, "I come from God and I go back to God." And as a believer, you can stand here and say, "I came from God and I'm going back to God." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. We know that this current present life, this life. Amen. This world that we live in cannot exist forever. Amen. It is it is controlled by sin and death. Amen. And I just want to say the moment that you're born, you start to die. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And I I see some of these uh beautiful girls here and and some of you young people are in the prime of your life. Amen. You better take a picture while you can because I'm telling you, you're dying. Hallelujah. We don't want to hear that. Amen. And and and you know, you guys wouldn't believe it, but at one time I was good-look. Hallelujah. At one time, I had hair. At one time I I didn't have these wrinkles. At one time there, Amen. I I I didn't Well, glory to God. But you see, as you everything in this life, Amen, is is full of decay. You go buy a car today, Amen. and it's going to rust and decay tomorrow. You can go buy a brand new househ and before you know it, you're going to have to put some more shingles in. You're going to have to put some more paint on it. You're going to have to replace the carpet. There is nothing here in this life that is eternal. There is nothing internal. There is not one thing in this life that you can put your hand upon, your finger upon and say this is eternal. Amen. If it comes today, it will go tomorrow. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? Amen. This life there there's so many people that build upon this life. But listen friends, we don't want to put stock in this life. We want to put stock in that life that we came from. &gt;&gt; The life, that eternal life. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. This life is full of wars and strife. Hallelujah. I just read a little article today. You know, we we understand that the the Russia has met with the with with the US and and then Ukraine and the and and the other leaders have met and they're trying to find peace. And read an article this morning that now Russia is also having a peace summit over there with China. Amen. And they're talking and everyone is scared to death. Amen. They're they're wondering which way is going to be. Amen. And we we we look at our administration and so many things changing and so many things going on. Amen. We we wonder what's tomorrow going to hold. What's the next administration going to be? Amen. Friends, I just want to tell you there is nothing that you can put your hope in in this life. But there is a there is a promise and that is through Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? Amen. There's lords and peasants. There's rich and there's poor. There's dividing and conquering. Amen. This old earth is aching. It's groaning. It's longing. Amen. For the sons of God. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But you see, this is not the way that God intended it to be. Amen. When God created this earth, he created this earth for man to live in it. Adam to have authority over it, for mankind to walk and to live in harmony with God and with one another, to live with no turmoil or regret. When God created this earth, he did not create this earth for wars and strife. He did not create this earth, amen, for for you to be bearing your grandmother or your mother or to be bearing your children. God created this earth, amen, for peace and harmony and eternal life &gt;&gt; and joy and happiness. Well, can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. It it's it's been Listen, friends. Amen. We we I I buried way too many people as a minister. I have I preached too many funerals as a as a as a family member. Amen. I I I I've seen too many go too early. That's not God's intention. But you see, when man fell, Adam was the as the father of us all. Amen. Adam came and and he sold us into sin. Solded us into slavery. The Bible says, Amen. By one man, that's Romans 5:17. It says, "For if by one man's offense, death reigned by one, therefore the one by the offense of one judgment came upon all men to uh condemnation." Can you say amen? So, it's like it was like a a local businessman one time who had a who had a really good business here in town, but he loved to gamble. And uh he was over in Vegas and he man he he he thought that he was feeling he was feeling like a winner. Hallelujah. And and and uh he he he he he puts his whole business on the uh on the line. Amen. Well, he lost. And when he lost, he lost everything. He lost his whole business. He lost everything. And you see that's what Adam had done. He gambled. He played. and he lost and sowed every one of us into slavery. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Think about it. Adam and Eve might might have lived for they might have lived for millions of years before before the fall. &gt;&gt; Walk the Bible says they would walk with God every evening. God would come down in the cool of the garden cool of the evening and walk through the garden with them. Can you say amen? The Bible says that he walked right there. Amen. He named all of the animals. There was no no fear of Leo the lion. There was no fear of of anything. Everything was calm and pure and meek and righteous. Well, can you say amen? Amen. There was confidence because there was fellowship. But now, Amen. Why? They were made in the very word image of God. The Bible says he created God had created everything. In the first day, he said it was good. And the second day it was good. And the and the all the way up. And when God created man, on the sixth day, he said it is very good. Very good. He made man in his image as a miniature God to rule and have dominion and authority over the earth. But now when sin came in, now man is running from Leo the lion. Now man is running from the storm. Now man is hiding from God. Now man is finding himself in death. Now man is finding himself. Matters of fact, Amen. Eve's uh uh uh uh Eve's son, Amen, killed his very own brother. &gt;&gt; They're outside of the garden. There's no harmony. They've lost their fellowship with God. Now there's angels with flaming swords of fire guarding the tree of life. Oh my goodness. Can you think about it? Amen. Can you imagine? Could you imagine Adam and Eve walking up to the garden gate with all the memories? Can you imagine Adam and Eve walking up to the garden gate? Amen. Looking over past those swords of fire and remembering what it was when they walked with God and fellowship with God. Amen. and had communion with God. But now here they are in their regrets. Here they are. Amen. They have messed up. They have Amen. They have sinned. Here they are. Their very own son has just killed his brother. Amen. Here they are. They're just sitting there at the gates. And all they have is the memory of yesterday. And I just want to tell you something today. Amen. Friends, uh we we we all have those regrets. We all have those things in our life that we can look back on and say, "God, how how it it it it just tears our minds up." Amen. Many of us, amen, wake up at night in cold sweat of something we done or something that happened to us because this life is full of sin and regret and death and sorrow. &gt;&gt; Amen. Death at end. Well, praise the Lord. I I liken it to a to a man or to a maybe even to a beast. Let's take a lion. Amen. That has been captured. And this lion has been placed into into a cage. Now, he's used to being out there in the in in the wild. He's the king of the jungle, but now he's in a cage. Could you imagine that lion walking from end to end going from Amen the bar to bar amen coming back and forth and he's roaring with everything that he's got. I can imagine that being Adam and Eve. Amen. Knowing what they had and now they're in the bondage of sin. Now they're in the bondage of death. Now they're in the bondage of regret. And that line is wanting to get but he can't break out of the bars. Yet he can't break loose. He wants to be free. He was created to be free, but now he's in the bars. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; He's not in his original condition. Now you say, "Now what? Where? Where? Where? Where are you going?" You You listen to me. We can grow content &gt;&gt; living behind the bars. God's created you to be an overcomer. &gt;&gt; God created you to overcome all principalities, all devils, to overcome everyone. Are y'all hearing me? &gt;&gt; But when Eve sold us in, Adam sold us in. Amen. It's It's like that lion. If that lion were to stay in that cage and he was to breed again and then his offspring, Amen. the first generation, the second generation, the third generation before the by the time you get to that third and fourth generation. Now you've got a lion that's just a little pycat. He ain't he he's never been out of the free out in the free world. He's never been outside of the bars. He's He doesn't know what it is. He is now. Amen. He's been born in captivity. And that's where you are. Amen. We've been born in sin. We've gone through life. Amen. It's just a It's just a common practice. We're all born, Amen, in the bars of sin and death. We are all born defeated. We are all born, but that's not the way it was in the beginning. That's not the way that God created it. Well, can you say amen? Amen. But I want to tell you something today. God's never lost one of his sons. And God has got a promise. I'm going to restore. I'm going to find. I'm going to bring my sons back. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. It's sad when you see humanity satisfied with just the mediocrity of life, satisfied with just having a family, satisfied with just go having a job, satisfied with a new car. Amen. When God has called us to eternal things. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. God's not called us to be church members. God's called us to soar in the heavens. Amen. I heard the story of a of an eagle that a man that had been captured and it was in bars and they they they had just remember brother Brandham had just uh uh uh walked in as as they were as as this eagle. Amen. Would he he would he would get back as a large it was a large cage and Amen. and he would he would he would just sit there and stare out past the bars and to the skies. He would he would sit out there just Amen. and just dream of where he used to fly and what he was and he'd look around him. Amen. He would look up and and and they said that he would get his feathers all ruffled up and together and would take offline and hit those bars and knock him down. Amen. Unconscious. And he would lay there. Amen. Until he come back to himself and he would shake his shake his head and and he would come back again to the to the bar and and there he would, Amen. take off again. And he done it over and over until he had beat his feathers out. His his head was all bloody. Why? Because he was not created for a cage. He was created to soar in the heavenlies. &gt;&gt; Amen. There is something in a man. There is something in a woman that is crying out for more than what we have in this life. There is something about a son of God that is that is longing for something greater because you were created in the very image of God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? But you see, even if one of those that have been held in captivity, they they and and and and generation after generation, they can't just go let them out because they'd know they'd never know how to survive in the wild anymore. They wouldn't know how to find hunt their own food anymore. Though the lion is the king of the jungle, yet he doesn't know how to be himself. Well, I'm I'm preaching to somebody here this morning. Can you say amen? But you see, we were all born in that condemnation. We were all born with that sin nature. We were all born under the domain of the law of sin and death. We were shaped in iniquity and in sin did our mothers conceive us. Well, can you say amen? The Bible says the wicked are estranged from the the womb and they go astray as soon as they are born. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Sounds like a pretty pretty tough situation to be in. &gt;&gt; But fear not, little children, Papa. God knows everyone of his children. &gt;&gt; God knows every one of his sons and daughters. &gt;&gt; He knows his own. Well, can you say amen? Just like a mama eagle hunting her son. Amen. What we needed is someone with the ability to redeem us. We couldn't pull ourselves up by our own bootstraps. We couldn't put Well, glory to God. Too many go to a psychologist and Amen. and they they they go to uh you know, all of these doctors trying to to help their mind. Do you realize, Amen, that the number one illness today, Amen, is the sickness of the mind. They It is in the top three. Amen. Mental illness is in the top three of the world. Amen. People are going to doctors trying to find an answer, trying to find help, trying to be satisfied. But I just want to tell you, there is nobody that can satisfy your soul like the Lord Jesus Christ. God knows who you are and God has come to redeem you. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Now, here's the catch. We needed a kinsman. Now, we understand the mind of God through the Old Testament law that it had to be a kinsman who could redeem. &gt;&gt; So, if you were Amen. If in in the Old Testament law, Amen. And if if you had a debt that you had that you needed to pay and you did not have the money to pay that debt, then they could take you as their servant. Amen. &gt;&gt; And there had to be only one that could redeem you would be somebody that was kin who and who was willing and able to pay the price to redeem you back. &gt;&gt; Right? Well, I just want to tell you, &gt;&gt; Adam and Eve have had paid a price and sold us into sin. And there was no one human that was able to pay that price. &gt;&gt; We're all born sinners. There was no one that could redeem us back to God. &gt;&gt; Have you ever thought about that? &gt;&gt; It took a kinsman. &gt;&gt; Amen. I don't know. you know, you uh you you owe him you owed him uh $150 and you ain't got it. Amen. So, according to the old the old law, Amen. you would now become a servant. Amen. And and and and there's only one way. There would have to be somebody and it couldn't be it couldn't be him. It couldn't be me because we're not kin. It would have to be Ken. And if your mama looked and said, Hope you are forever more a slave. Your dad's looking and saying, I don't know. I just don't know. And you're going and and and and now you see this was serious stuff. This was serious stuff. Hallelujah. We sinned. And the wages of sin is death. Humanity. There is no one in humanity that can redeem us. &gt;&gt; We're all sinners. We're all dying. There is not a human being that is able to pay the price. I want y'all to catch this picture. Hopefully, I'm not going too slow this morning. I want you to catch this picture. No one was able. But God looked down and the Bible says there were names written on his book before the foundation of the world. &gt;&gt; God knows every one of his children. Amen. &gt;&gt; Can I blow your mind? &gt;&gt; You were a son and daughter of God when you were still in the honky tonks. &gt;&gt; You were in the You were sons and daughters of God while you were in jail. You were sons and daughters of God. Amen. While you were committing adultery, you were fallen sons of God. We needed a redeemer. What is a redeemer? Redeemer means to redeem back. You're a slave. You need somebody to come pay the price and redeem you back to the family. &gt;&gt; You need Hallelujah. Isn't this a fine looking fella right here? He needed somebody to pay the price. &gt;&gt; Redeem. Yes, &gt;&gt; redeem means you were once free. You were always and I should be having brother Harry up there up here, but he's got his he's got his boy back there. And but dad was saying, I I love Paul. I'm going to pay the price for Paul even though he was stupid to do what he's done. Amen. I'm going to come and redeem Paul. &gt;&gt; Give him a hand clap. Amen. redeem. We needed somebody to redeem us. We were sons of God, though we were born in the jail cell of sin and death. &gt;&gt; I'm not making that up. The Bible says your name, your name ain't put in the You ain't even put on the Bible. It ain't put in the book of life when you come to the altar. Your name was put in the book of life before the foundation of the world. &gt;&gt; Is that not what the Bible says? God knows every one of you. You might not look like a son of God. You might not smell like a son of God. You might not act like a son of God. You might you might well praise the Lord. But God knew you. &gt;&gt; The only problem is Hallelujah. We needed a human and we needed a God because we were made in his the God image and we were placed in this body. Hallelujah. Go back and look in in in Genesis the first chapter. We were made in the image of God. The second chapter of Genesis, we were in a God created the body for man. That's why you'll never be able to satisfy the longing of your soul with alcohol. You'll never be able to satisfy the longing of your soul with drugs. You'll never be able to satisfy you s you find somebody that's constantly just fighting everybody that's just fighting just they're just going to fight. I don't care if it's a million dollars. They'll fight somebody. They'll find something wrong with it somehow because they're unsatisfied in their soul &gt;&gt; and they need something to satisfy the soul. Are you hearing me? &gt;&gt; Humanity cannot help humanity. Preacher can't help humanity. I'm lost, too. &gt;&gt; I was born in sin, too. &gt;&gt; Oh, glory to God. God looked down. God didn't have a body. He had sons. He had daughters, but no body. Tough situation. But God wasn't going to give up. You know what God done? How many can tell me? Can you tell me what God done? He had no body, but he needed one. So what did he do? Oh boy. I'm going to go to the girls. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; What did he do? Oh boy. &gt;&gt; Saved us. At least we got a response. How did he save us? I can hear you. That's Give her a hand clap. Created a body. They were saying, "What? What? What? What? What? What? What's going to happen?" And God says, "I'm there." They there in the book of Isaiah, the seventh chapter, he says, "I'm going to give you a sign, and it's going to be an everlasting sign. A virgin is going to conceive and bear a son." Isaiah 9:6 says, "And a son is given." Uh uh uh uh. Put that up there. Isaiah 9 and six. Hallelujah. So I can I can I can do it right. child. For unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given, and the government shall be upon his shoulders, and his name shall be called wonderful. Someone say hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Counselor, &gt;&gt; uh the mighty God, &gt;&gt; everlasting father, &gt;&gt; the prince of peace, &gt;&gt; God was going to become a man in order to redeem us back. God was going to become a human being. It &gt;&gt; you guys just aren't excited enough yet. God, the invisible God, created a body, moved in that body. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. To redeem. &gt;&gt; To redeem. Now, it's not to buy. I can come and buy something from you. Hallelujah. I don't know what I'm going to buy, man. I've took everything out of my pocket. Hey, I've still got something in my pocket. Hallelujah. Now, if you wanted this, Amen. You got to buy it from me. Amen. Give me what you whatever you want to pay for it. Just give me some. Oh, give me your whole wallet. I'll take it. &gt;&gt; All right. This is yours. You bought it. He never had it before. He bought it. It's his fair and square. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Right. All right. Let's go to the next scenario. Redeem. Redeem. If I have lost this and you find it and you've got it and I've been looking everywhere for it &gt;&gt; and I'm looking and looking and looking and looking and look and I find, "Hey, that's mine." And you say, "Tough, I found it." And I say, "I really want it." And he says, "Let your money do the talking. Then I in order to get this back, he says, "Give me 10 bucks. If I want to redeem it back, I've got to pay the $10 in order to get it." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Third scenario, and this is what literally happened. Satan seeing that Adam had the rule of the earth. &gt;&gt; And Satan and Satan says, "I'm going to take that man under my rule. &gt;&gt; I will use that man to fulfill my evil purposes." &gt;&gt; So, we ain't talking about things. We're talking about humans. All right. Here we are. Here you come. Come on up here. Let's find you a beautiful girl. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. We're gonna take your sister that way. Hallelujah. Amen. All right. &gt;&gt; Here's walking in harmony with God. &gt;&gt; I'm God in the cool of the evening. They're walking with God. They're fellowshipping with God. The old devil is looking and thinking, "I heard what God told him. God's told I've given you dominion over the fish, over the foul of the air, the be you. Planet Earth is yours, my children. It's yours. And that old sorry devil was listening and he's going. So Adam was over there taking a break. Amen. He was over there talking to Leo the line. And here off to herself. And then the old serpent comes up. You serpent, you &gt;&gt; and the de and the devil used this serpent and started talking. God knows. She says, "I can't eat of that tree, but oh, but it's really good and it'll make you wise like God. You'll know good and evil." And and she's going, "Really, man? God didn't tell us that." Oh, yeah. God don't want you to know that. And then before you know it, then before you know it, a serpent caused her to sin. She ptook of the forbidden fruit. You can be seated now. Now death is reigning in her. Now she comes and she talks about this great hidden mystery that the devil just gave to her. They both sin. Now what has happened? They have just they have just become they have just become servants to the devil. Sin and death would come over here. Hallelujah. Amen. Now you're over there going. They don't know. But all of a sudden now their eyes were open. Now they're seeing and understanding sin. Now they know they're naked. Now, when God is walking and he's looking, he's walking in the cool and he's saying, "Adam, Adam." Adam's always met him. Adam's always been there. Adam's always fellowship. Adam and Eve, look for this evening experience every day. Adam, where art thou? Adam, go hide behind the pullpit. Hallelujah. Both of you go hide behind the pullpit. Adam, where art thou? Serpent's over going, Adam. Adam, Adam, what are y'all doing hiding? Adam, Adam, the Bible says we're afraid because we're naked. The righteousness of God is no longer covering them. Now their eyes have been open to sin. Come on out here. Amen. Now they can't fellowship with God. He's holy. They're sinners. Well, can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Now this guy, this guy right here. You give her a hug. Hallelujah. And he's and he's got now it's the evil one. Now they're cursing. Now their very own son. Amen. Eve's very own son killed uh his brother. &gt;&gt; I'm talking about first man, first woman, and their oldest son kills his brother. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Now there's sin and death. All right. Go be seated. Give them all a hand clap. sin and death. They needed someone to redeem them, but there was no one that could redeem them. This wasn't the same thing as buying. This wasn't the same thing as losing my little my little tool. It was God's son. It was God's daughter. There had to be somebody that was going to re and it had to be a redeemer, a a kinsman redeemer. So God created a body in the womb of Mary. This would God would be living in a perfect body that knew no sin, knew knew nothing about sin. He was the very tabernacle of God. And that man, Jesus Christ, would pay the ransom price to redeem his sons and daughters back to him. Oh, glory to the lamb of God. Are are you hearing me? We were subject to death. We were subject to hell. Everyone of us would have to go to hell because of Adam's sin. Amen. The h condemnation came upon us all. But the Bible says through one man's righteousness, through one man's obedience, eternal life now reigns in you. Eternal life now reigns in me. We are sons. We are daughters. We have been restored back to God. Somebody shout hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Redemption. Redemption is to buy back. That means you had to be God's at the very beginning in order to redeem. &gt;&gt; That's good. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; I feel pretty tall right now. No matter what the devil tried to do, no matter how much the devil has tried to kill you, no matter how much the devil Amen. Maybe he has broken marriages. Maybe he has taken you and held you in chains for so long. But I'm here to give you some good news. Jesus says, "I've come to give you life and that you have life more abundantly. I've come to take you back so you know who I am and who you are." &gt;&gt; Oh, can you say amen? Amen. &gt;&gt; The Bible would liken him to Jesus as the lamb. Amen. The lamb, the innocent lamb. Amen. That the wrath of God would be satisfied. It wasn't that the lamb was guilty of the crime. The lamb never paid or never never done the crime. Amen. But the lamb could now take your place. Sin was placed on Jesus Christ. The innocent life of Jesus Christ would now come back upon you as a believer. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; The perfect lamb shed its blood. Now, I'm not talking about a woolly lamb from the pasture. I'm talking about Jesus sacrificing his life. He who knew never will never know how it feels to be plagued by sin. This great God who doesn't have an inkling of what temptation is. This great God who never had a mind battle. &gt;&gt; He came in the form of a human being. The Bible says he was tempted in every way like you and like me. He lived in a flawed body of decay. In fact, that body died. He was so tired that he slept in the boat on stormy seas. Jesus was so weary that he cried at Lazarus's grave, so hard of a trial that the angels had to come and strengthen him. He was so human that he cried, "If it be thy will, let this cup pass from me." He was so weak that Simon had to carry his cross. He was so forsaken that he cried, "My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?" Hebrews 2:14 says, "For as much then as the children," in the original, it says, "For as much then as these his children are partakers of flesh and blood, he also himself likewise took part of the same, that through death he might destroy him who had the power of death, that is the devil, and deliver them who through fear of death were all their lifetime subject to bondage. Oh, can you say amen? Amen. Hallelujah. For verily he took not on him the nature of angels, but he took on him the seed of Abraham on human flesh. Wherefore in all things it behooveth him to be made like unto his brethren that he might be a merciful and faithful high priest and things pertaining to God to make reconciliation for the sins of the people. For in that he himself has suffered being tempted. He is able to secure them that are tempted. &gt;&gt; He knows how you feel. He knows your sickness. Jesus knows what you're going through. this morning. Maybe you've had a a bad week this week. Maybe the devil is is fighting you in your mind. Maybe you've got a son or a daughter, amen, who's really going through it and they don't know which way to go. I just want to let you know that we have got a God that lives in a body just like yours. And he knows who you are. He knows what you're facing. And he's able to secure you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Well, glory to God. It's God redeeming us. Redeeming us. Maybe you say, "I I'm still having a hard time." Well, Colossians 1:13 says, "Who hath delivered us from the power of darkness and has translated us into the kingdom of his dear son in whom we have redemption." What does redeem mean? Buy back. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Buy back. I had some ladders stolen one time. Had some equipment, some stuff stolen. And I was in a pawn shop one time. And I and I looked over at the ladder and I said, "That looks like a Wendel Martin ladder." Hallelujah. And uh and so I I I went over there and I man they had taken they had taken some of my name off but they didn't they I had a good place where I I I kept my name. Turned that thing over and I looked and there it said Martin Electric. I went up to the dude and I said that thing is mine. He said well I'm sorry sir. You can buy it back if you want to. Hallelujah. But I looked at that old thing and I said, "I ain't buying that sorry thing back." But when God looked at you, God didn't say. God didn't say, "I ain't buying that sorry thing back." God says, "They're my sons. &gt;&gt; They're my daughters. [Applause] In this congregation this morning, you would never know that there were people that were in bondage to sins so great, so great in this service here this morning. But God has redeemed them. God has delivered from alcohol and drugs and abortions and every kind of a sexual sin, every kind. And we are all sitting in this building here this morning. And we can all worship the Lord Jesus. Why? It's because there was a lamb that was found worthy. There was a God who come to redeem us. And we are all here redeemed by the blood of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; I remember sister Julie. She gave us a hard time always. Oh, she was pretty rough on us. She owned a little business in town and every time we'd go in, oh, she was giving me a hard time. I quit going in. Amen. She had a restaurant. I quit going in because I just Oh my goodness. One time I brought I took I took Forest Farmer in there and y'all know Forest Farmer before before we went to uh the service that one Sunday morning. And so we was in there and it was plum packed out and she and she sees it and she just seen great delight. She goes, "Hey everyone." Oh boy. Here we go. Here comes the preacher of the church of the skirt and he brought a friend and force farmer looks at me says, "Did we just get greeted?" "Oh yeah, this woman is rough. She's rough." I said, "I'm sorry. I'm so sorry." He goes, "Oh, it's all right." So we sat down. He had his back toward her and I'm sitting there and of course I know everybody in there and they're all giggling, you know, and we're we're talking back and forth and she comes back in and she starts digging a little bit more and I'm looking at brother Forest and I know he's not going to take this too much and all of a sudden I look at him, he was eating his eggs and then his jaw set. I said, "Brother Forest, it's okay." He turned right around. He said, "Let me tell you something about this preacher." Said, "Brother Forest, Brother Forest, just sit down. It'd be all right." He said, "There ain't nobody that can pray any of y'all to Jesus Christ here this morning like this man." He said, "This man knows how to get a hold of God and he can save you." And before, you know, we're we're just sat there. I'm going to and there. And by the time he got through, everyone was crying and feeling sorry for for the other woman because Julie was having she was matter of fact, she left. She just went back there in the kitchen. Kobe kept going in to see her. I I wasn't I I Kobe just kept going in there to see her and he'd come back and say, "You got some scriptures on homosexuality or you got scriptures on abortion or I mean she she was hitting him hard. I mean, she was just horny, you know. I So, finally I said, "Yeah, yeah, let's get some man." So, we we loaded him down, man. He'd go over there and he'd get the Bible out and start showing her. And long story short, Guess who walks in to one of our services? Julie, the church of the skirt, Littleton. And she went, she had other nicknames for us, too. She had nickname. Oh my goodness. You know, here's here's here's the Mr. Goody Goodie shoes or whatever. And uh uh she come she started coming to church and I'm going but she said but I'm just coming here because I like the music. I said okay. Well one day we were I we we were out of town is Michael and I we were out of town. We were out of state. We were over in in in in the Carolinas. And guess who calls me? It was Julie. And she's over there screaming and what where were you? And I'm going, "Man, what's wrong, Judah? What's wrong? What's wrong? What's wrong?" She says, "Find me." She said, "Where are you tonight?" I said, "Well, I was was out preaching." She says, "I wanted you to be at church. I wanted you to be at church." And I said, "Well, you know, I was at church, just not at our church." "Yeah, but you should have been here tonight." I'm like, "Yeah, well, sorry." She said, "I just wanted you to be at our church tonight." And I said, "Well, okay." She says, "While the preacher was preaching, Jonathan was preaching, he was preaching on the love of Jesus and redemption." And she says, "All of a sudden, she said this, the the ceiling opened up and the ceiling and water come down and what went up and down me like this." She said, "I it happened, Wendle." And I said, "Well, I believe that." And she was crying and she says, she says, "You put all of those people in that church together, add up every sin that they've ever committed. Every one of them." She said, "I have more sins than any of them." She said, "Let's talk about it. I've had," and she told me had the amount abortions. She's told me the the the the the sins that I mean, she was going through it all and I'm thinking, "Oh my." She said, "That's how evil of a woman." She said, "But tonight, something happened in that church service, and I know that my sins are forgiven. [Applause] I know. She says, "I I just I'm free. He's forgiven me." She says, "I can love him the way I want to." Are you hearing me? Satan had that woman bound all of those years. But when Jesus comes to set us free, we are free. Free indeed. &gt;&gt; Oh, can you say amen? As I get ready to close, there was a there was a case here in in Oklahoma years ago. Some of you probably remember it, that there was a there was a a a a girl that had been stolen from the hospital from birth. She was kidnapped out of the hospital by this guy and and and by an evil man and and she had went all of her life with this evil man. And this man had had a great big criminal record and this man done a lot of evil things and made her do a lot of evil things. He she she at at by the time she was 12 years old she was a thief. She was I mean she she she had a wrap sheet and well Amen. But the daddy and the mother never quit looking for her. And finally through the through the updates, you know, through the record they would do the the images, the pictures of what she would look like, this that someone called the hotline and said, "I think we have seen that girl." They so so they come in and they follow up on it. They come in, do the sting operation. They grab the girl. They they do the DNA test and the DNA test matched her father's and did her original father and did not match this other man. So the day come where they were said, "No, you've got to go back. You're She looked at her daddy and said, "He's not my daddy. I've never known him." They said, "Well, who's your daddy?" He said, "This man right here." They said, "You were stolen from the hospital at birth. You were never this man's. No, this is my daddy. Showing the DNA. They said, "Listen, this daddy still has a crib in your room. He never even took the crib down. He never even they never even took never moved the room from when you were supposed to come home from the hospital. This man loves you. This mom and dad has been looking for you all of these 12 years. This man stole you when you were a little baby and he's raped you and molested you and made you do evil things. This man is evil. Now watch. She had to look and say, &gt;&gt; "This is not who I am. I am Am I Are Are y'all putting it together with the devil and God?" The devil came in and said, "No, you're mine. No, you're mine." But God's come in in this day with a DNA test and said, "No, you're mine. You're mine. You never were the devil's. You never did belong to him. You never did belong in hell. You never did. You belong in heaven. You belong with joy. You belong with peace. You belong with Well, are y'all hearing me today?" Amen. I hope this has been good for you here this morning. What I'm saying is God's given you an assurance that there is another land. &gt;&gt; And I've talked too long without reading my notes. So I'm just going to have to cut it short here. But the Bible says that every one of us have been given promise &gt;&gt; that there's going to be a resurrection. This body may go down in corruption, but it's going to come back up in incorruption. Oh, glory to God. There will be no there will be no fake eyes over there. There'll never be no false teeth over there. There'll You'll have all of your body parts when you get over there. Can you say amen? It doesn't matter where you are or what you're fighting. Redemption has come to give you bring you back to him. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Don't you love the Lord Jesus? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He's paid the price for you to redeem you back to himself to show his glory to you. You say this morning, "Brother Wendle, I've been a Christian for a long time. I I've been a believer. Brother Wendle, I'm fighting man's old body getting older. But I just want to let you know just as the sun is going down, the sun's going to rise again. &gt;&gt; Not going to be too much longer and all the leaves are going to come off the trees. Not going to be too much longer. It's going to look dead and the ice and the snow is going to be covering everything. But don't you worry. Yeah, &gt;&gt; don't you worry. When the su n, the sunlight comes, come come spring, &gt;&gt; that old tree that's all dead and looks like all hope is gone. What has happened? The life is still there. It's just the life went down into the roots. And brother, when we die, Amen. We're not really dead. Amen. We have got eternal life in the soul. And when God calls, we're going to everyone rise. You're going to go down in gray hair, but you're going to come back up with black hair. You might go down with no hair, but you're coming back up. Well, can you say that? &gt;&gt; But even greater still, the Bible says that there is a rapture. I believe that there are people in this building right now that is going to make a rapture. That means we'll never see death &gt;&gt; will be changed. The Bible. You say, "Do you believe that?" I nature declares it. We we we we can see that God's word we can just look at nature and we can see God in it. There has to be life. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? If there if there's someone here, maybe maybe there's one of you young people or or maybe there's someone maybe there's an elder here that says, "I I don't have the promise of eternal life in my soul yet, brother." When I know something's there, but I'm still locked. I'm still locked in the in the jail cell of Satan. I just want to tell you, you never were a child of the devil. You never were a child of the devil. You always were a child of God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And I just want to tell you that God loves you more than the devil hates you. And I want to tell you God's power is greater. God's power. Are you young people hearing me? God's power is greater than anything the devil tries to throw your way. &gt;&gt; Thinking of some scriptures, something that Jesus had said. Think about it. John 6 and37 he says all that the father hath given me shall come to me all Jesus came for a purpose he came to redeem all that I've come for are going to come I am the body that God has sent to redeem He says, "All the Father hath given me shall come to me, and him that cometh to me, I will in no wise cast out. I came down from heaven not to do my own will, but the will of him that sent me." And this is the Father's will that sent me. That of all. Somebody say all. &gt;&gt; A double L. All. Well, glory to God. All which he hath given me. Uh this is am I on the right place with the 39th verse? Yeah. It's okay. This is the father's will which hath sent me that all which he hath given me I should lose nothing. Somebody say nothing. &gt;&gt; But should raise it up again in the last day. And this is the will of him that sent me, that everyone which seeth the son believeth on him may have everlasting life, and I will raise him up at the end of the day. Someone shout, "Amen." &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. Jesus said there in John 6:44, "No man can come to me except the father which hath sent me. Draw him and I will raise him up at the last day." John 14:2 in my father's house and the musicians can come in my father's house that means household kingdom family in my father's household or his kingdom are many mansions that word is really dwellings if it were not so I would have told you I go to prepare a place for you and if I go and prepare a place for you I will come again and receive you unto myself, that where I am, there ye may be also. &gt;&gt; Whether I go, you know, and the way you know. Thomas said, Lord, we know not where you go. How can we know the way? And Jesus says, I am the way, the truth, and the life, and no man comes to the Father but by me. What a promise. [Music] Some says, "Well, I just don't know if I'm going to make it." I'm going to tell you, if God's not big enough to keep you, then I think we need to go find another God. I want to tell you if my name brother Merl was written on that book, the lamb's book of life. Now, there is a book of life that has all of your all of your names. It's got it's got people that saved not saved. It's got all those all those names on it. But also, but there's a lamb's book of life. That's Jesus, the lamb that was slain before the foundation of the world. Your name was put in the lamb section of the book. In other words, your name is represented under his righteousness, represented under his goodness, represented under his forgiveness. My name is put there. And if God so seen me and put my name in that book before the foundation of the world, then I just believe that God's big enough to save me and to keep me. I believe God's big enough. He's big enough. There is no trial that you young men are ever going to go through. There is nothing that you young married couples go through that God is not going to get you through. There is nothing that you elders, whether it be sickness, whether it be struggling in your health or whatever, there is nothing that you're going to go through but what God is not going to be there for you. &gt;&gt; God's going to finish his work. Oh, bless the name of the Lord. Could you put Philippians 1 and 8 up there just real quickly? Glory to God. [Music] Oops, that's the wrong one. Hallelujah. He that begun a good work in you. Amen. I missed it by a few verses. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. One and six. being confident of this very thing that he Christ which has begun a good work in you Shayla the God that has begun the good work in you will perform it until the day of Jesus Christ. God is not going to do something and then say I got myself in trouble. Well, when God starts something, God's going to finish it. &gt;&gt; Aren't you glad for that, Sister Mary? Aren't you boys glad for that? What God started in me? Now, my wife gives up on me. Amen. A time or two every year, and I might give up on her a time or two every year, thinking, "Lord, there I God says, "Oh, goofballs. Y'all's going to make it." Right. Right. We all get there. We all We all question one another, but God is not scratching his head wondering who's going to make it. God has come to redeem you, and the devil cannot have you. [Music] Glory be to the lamb of God. Now, what is baptism about? Why? Why? Why is it Why is it that the Bible says they're they're in in in uh in Matthew the the 28th chapter, actually they're in in Mark the 16th chapter, Mark 16, and he and he tells them, this is just before he's risen from the dead. Now he's he's he he appears the 14th verse. Afterward he appears to the 11 as they sat at meat and araided them for their unbelief and hardness of their heart because they believed not them which had seen him after he was risen. And he said to them, "Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature. And he that believeth and is baptized shall be saved, and he that believeth not shall be damned. These signs shall follow them that believe in my name. They shall cast out devils. They shall speak with new tongues. They shall drink. They shall take up serpents. And if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not harm them. For they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover. So then, after the Lord had spoken unto them, he was received up into heaven and sat on the right hand of God. And they went forth and preached everywhere to the Lord, working with them, confirming the word with signs following. So the commission was go proclaim the good news. Acts 2:38, we find that as they came, they went to the upper room as Jesus had told them to do and he says, "I want you to wait there. I want you to wait there until you receive the Holy Spirit." Now they've been filled with the Holy Ghost. They come out and they And Peter began to preach to them this what this Christ does done. And he says this is that which the prophet Joel had talked about. And he began to talk to them and how that the redeemer had come. He was the redeemer and he's come to redeem us to himself. And that his holy spirit would now come back upon them. [Music] The very fellowship between God would be mended and heaven and earth would once again come hand in hand together. The eternal God would now fellowship with his people. And the Bible says there in Acts the 2 chapter at the end of his sermon, Acts 2 and 37, he says, "When they heard this, they were pricricked in their heart and said unto Peter and to the rest of the apostles, men and brethren, what shall we do?" Peter answered or Peter said unto them,"Repent and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost." 41st verse. And then they that gladly received his word were baptized, and the same day there were added unto them 3,000 souls. Incredible. Now what does baptism represent? [Music] Baptism represents the death, the burial, and the resurrection of Jesus, our redeemer. Now, this is all there in the book of Romans, the sixth chapter, the entire chapter. And I'd encourage everyone to go back and read that. It talks about what this baptism represents as Jesus died. And why is this important to you? Because if I'm Jesus and I'm representing you and redeeming you, when I die, your sins are coming on me. So I am dying for your sins. I'm being buried. The Bible says Jesus went to hell, but then was raised again in the newness of life. So you when you're baptized, it's not that the water has any power. It's not that the water can even save you. It's the blood of Jesus that saves us. But this is in representation of the one who did say. So when we die, then we're dying to our sins. We're saying, "Forgive me if your Bible says [Music] that I'm wrong. I want to look at that and say, I I'm sorry. [Music] The devil's had me in the prison house and I want out of this prison house. I want to live for you, Lord. I want peace. I want joy. I want life. So what does God do? He died, buried, rose again. You are repenting. You're going down washing all those s. I want you to look at it just like that, Shayla. that when you're going down, you're coming up and there's not one sin held against you &gt;&gt; because Jesus paid that price. But when you raise again, the scripture says, then you receive the Holy Spirit. And we want that Holy Ghost to come upon us and say, "Lord, that logos I've been preaching about these last few Sundays, that life of God, come down upon me and to live in me." Isn't that beautiful? As we get prepared for this, um, I wonder if Sister Shayla, if you want to, if you want to go ahead and get ready for baptism, y'all just come. You know where it's at, sister. Okay. All right. And uh I'm so I you know I I I I've only known Shayla and um and Hayden for I don't know five or six weeks, but they're just wonderful couple. Haven't you just enjoyed having them here at the church? And uh and so what I'm going to do is I'm going to go ahead and and and go back and and change my uh I've got light colored riches on. So I'm going I'm going to go change and let brother Kobe if you want to just lead us in some worship songs and then we'll get ready. &gt;&gt; Thank you for the crossord. Take it for the nail pierced him. You wash me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know, forgiveness, embrace [Applause] [Music] and worthy is the lamb. [Music] Seated all the throne. We crown you now with many crowns. You reign victorious [Music] and high and lifted up. Oh Jesus, son of God, the maker of heaven, crucified. [Music] Oh, worthy is the lamb. [Music] Oh, worthy is the lamb. Thank you for the cross, Lord. And thank you for the cross, Lord. [Music] Thank you for the price you pay. Buried all my sin and shame. In love you came and gave amazing grace. Thank you for this love Lord. Thank you for the never peace. You wash me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know by the forgiveness say praise and worthy is the lamb. Seated all the throne. We crown you now with crown. You reign victori. [Music] You are high your high. [Music] Yes, you are Lord Jesus, son of God. You're the maker of heaven, crucified. [Music] Worthy is the lamb. [Music] Oh, worthy is the lamb. Can we sing that again now? [Music] been worthy as the lamb. &gt;&gt; Oh yes, [Music] &gt;&gt; glory to God. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. We crown you now with many crowns. You reign victorious. [Music] You're high and lifted up. [Music] Oh Jesus, son of God. [Music] &gt;&gt; You're the maker of heaven. [Music] Worthy is the lamb. &gt;&gt; Oh Jesus. Jesus. &gt;&gt; Oh, worthy is the lamb. [Music] Worthy is the lamb. Father, I see that you are draw light in the sand. I want to be standing by your side. Hold in your hand. Let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. [Music] This is my plea. Let the worshippers arise. [Music] Let the sons and the daughter see. I'm surrendering my own. I surrender to the king. Oh father, I hear it growing loud. Is the song of your redeemer? How's the saints of every nation? Are we wicked in the sing from our heart to comes anar the heaven? This is our song, our song to our king. Let the worippers around. [Music] Let the sons and the daughters see. I'm surrendering my own. I surrender to the king. This young lady has touched my heart. Her love for the Lord is is seen and uh exhibited through her life. Every service um while while I'm preaching, she is hooked. Her eyes are set on me. She's she's eaten up every word. I am so blessed &gt;&gt; that you want to get baptized. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And she has been so excited and we're just so delighted that her family. And if you all want to come on up here closer and you you're not going to be in our way. If y'all want to come up closer to take pictures, you're just fine. And u but um we so we appreciate we we so appreciate Shayla. &gt;&gt; And so sister Shayla, I'm going to I'm going to turn you around. Yep. Just like that right there. And then what I'm going to do is just come on up here a little bit closer to the Now when I when I take you I'll have you to hold my hand and then I want to baptize you right and So, do you understand my my uh my my thoughts on redemption as as we brought that out this morning? God's been looking for you all of your life. He knew you were here and God directs us and God has a time in our life that he reveals himself to us. And you just can't help it. You just you see Christ. You see that you're that he loved everlasting love. And now as this is the most wonderful time as we go down this watery grave and accepting what God has has done for you is the greatest thing that could ever happen. And you just held like that and just like that. Sister Shayen, upon the confession of your sins, the obedience of your faith, I now baptize you into the name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Take a deep breath. [Music] Hallelujah. Glory to God. Happy day. Oh happy day. When Jesus [Music] Jesus Jesus walk. Bless her. Oh happy day. &gt;&gt; Oh happy happy day. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Glory to God. &gt;&gt; Happy day. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. When Jesus walk Jesus walk with my Jesus walk my s away. [Applause] [Music] &gt;&gt; I just wonder would there be anyone else here this morning? Maybe you don't have clothes but we could find some clothes for you. Is there anyone else here today that would want to get baptized in the lovely name of our Lord Jesus Christ? Maybe maybe there was maybe the sermon touched your heart and you said, "Wait a minute. I am a son of God. I've just been bound in the prison in the shackles of sin by the devil." But if you're you want to be free this morning, if there's someone that wants it, listen, the grace of God is so has been so eternal. God's love for you has been eternal. He loves you. [Music] I have baptized people way up in years. I've baptized children that it doesn't matter your age. It matters is knowing who he is and who you are. Amen. &gt;&gt; That's the greatest thing that we could ever do. Can you say amen? I wonder if we could just sing that song on a hill far away. Brother Kobe, we just sing that a few minutes. Amen. If there's anyone that would want to, I just want to always give you that opportunity. If the Lord is troubling the waters, if the Lord is stirring your heart, the scripture says, Amen. This is the day of salvation. This is the day. This is the hour stood an old rugged cross, the amble of suffering and shame. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. How I know that opens where the ear for a world of lost sinners. Hallelujah. S was slain. Hallelujah. So I'll share the old. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. &gt;&gt; Thank you Lord. Till my trophies at last I lay down. [Music] Oh I will cling to the old rocking cross. [Music] in exchange. &gt;&gt; Oh yes. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Oh that old rug so despised by the world. It has a wonderful attraction for me. Others might not see it. Others might not love him. But I love him for the dear for the dear lamb of God left his glory. Hallelujah. You bear it to dark calary [Music] all together. Sing it with all of your heart. I'll cherish the old cross till my trophies at last I lay down. [Music] Oh, I will cling to you. Oh, you cross stand exchange [Music] in the old rocket cross stain with blood so divine a wonderous beauty. I see [Music] that whole cross Jesus suff and died to pardon and sat by me. So I'll cherish the old rug cross [Music] till my trophies at last I lay down. [Music] [Applause] cling to the old rocket cross for my life and exchange it someday for do one more verse to the old [Music] might [Music] be my hope for his glory. Yes. Oh, I'll cherish the old rugged cross to my trophies. At last I lay down. [Applause] I will cling to the old rocking cross [Music] and exchange it someday for the crown. and exchange it. And exchange it some way for a crown [Music] morning. I see you in the sunrise every morning. It's like a picture that you paid for me. Love letter in the sky. [Music] Story. A really good, really different story. You came down from heaven. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; To recon me forever. Change my love God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Your body loves me like you love me. Jesus. [Music] I stand in all of your amazing ways. &gt;&gt; I worship you as long as I am breathing. &gt;&gt; God, you are faithful. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Nobody loves me like you. &gt;&gt; I wonder if our sister Shayla and you can come up to brother Hayden if you want. would you would you mind coming up to the front and just we want I want y'all to come and shake their hands and and uh just just yeah just stand right there and just turn toward the people there and and y'all come and shake their hand and let them know you're going to be praying for them and and that you you love you're going you're you're that she's your brother or she's your sister and you're her brother you're her And we're going to we're just going to always be there praying and believing [Music] me forever changed my life. Oh yeah. Nobody loves me like you love me, Jesus. &gt;&gt; I stand I stand on your amazing ways. &gt;&gt; I worship you as long as I am breathing. &gt;&gt; God, you are faithful. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Nobody loves &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Like you &gt;&gt; Oh, those mountains &gt;&gt; breaking down the weight of every mountain. [Music] Even when it feels like I'm surrounded, [Music] [Applause] you never leave my side. Nobody loves me like you love me, Jesus. I stand in all of your amazing ways. I worship you as long as I am breathing. God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me like you. [Music] Verse one. [Music] I see you in the sunrise every morning. It's like a picture that you painted for me. A love letter in the sky. Oh my story. Oh, story. I really got a really different story. But you came down from heaven to restore me forever. Change my life. Yes, he did. Nobody loves me like you love me, Jesus. [Music] &gt;&gt; I'll stand in all of your amazing ways. [Music] I worship you as long as I am breathing. [Music] &gt;&gt; God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me like you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Nobody loves me like you. Love me, Jesus. [Music] I stand in all of your amazing way. &gt;&gt; I worship you as long as I am breathing. God, you are faithful. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Nobody loves Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] &gt;&gt; Mountains. Aren't you glad that God breaks the &gt;&gt; mountain? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Even when it feels like I'm surrounded. You never leave my side. [Music] &gt;&gt; Nobody loves me like you love me. Jesus, I stand in all of your amazing ways. [Music] I worship you as long as I am breathing. God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me like you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Nobody loves me like you love me, Jesus. I stand in all of your amazing [Music] I am breathing God. You are faithful. &gt;&gt; Nobody loves me like you. &gt;&gt; Oh yes yes yes. Oh glory to God. Glory to God. Glory to God. You're so wonderful, God. You're so good to me. God bless you. [Music] [Applause] So good. God, you're so good to me. You always been so good to me. I'll sing it through eternity. God, you're so good. [Music] I'll sing your praise all night long and every day I'll stand and worship you. [Music] the whole night through. God, you're so good. You've always been so good. Oh, I sing it through eternity. God, you're without any music now. God, you're so good. God, you're so good to me. &gt;&gt; Good to me. I sing it through eternity. [Music] God, you're so good. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Isn't he just wonderful? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Oh, I love him. I thank God for his abundance of grace for you. Just think about it. There is a difference. Now the Bible said that the woman would have a seed and that that the that that the serpent would have a seed. The serpent seed was condemned. The woman's seed was fallen. Amen. So Christ come to redeem all of those that were in God's book. Amen. Now the Bible would Jesus would tell he would tell some of them as they they they were just on him all the time. He would come and quote the scripture to him. They said, "No, you you've got a devil and you're this and you're that." Amen. Finally, Jesus turned around him and says, "You are of your father, the devil. Your father was a murderer from the beginning." Which was linking him to Cain. Putting him all the way back. But then he'll turn around and says, "But all that the Father hath given me, I will not lose one." And then he would say the next verse, "And they I will give them my word and they will hear." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Maybe not the next verse. It's there's there's there's about four or five verses right in there. They will hear my words. And I just want to say when God speaks something and then it just rings in your ear, just raise up your hand and say, "Thank you, Jesus. &gt;&gt; Thank you for giving me an ear to hear." He said, "My sheep will hear my voice and another they won't follow. So, you were always a sheep. You were just lost. You were always a son. You just didn't know it." But thank God for the blood of Jesus Christ. And when the devil tries to tell you, Shayla, "Well, you're not a daughter of God." You just tell him, "Amen." Listen, I've got, we both got two things that have been said. The devil has been promised the lake of fire and you've been promised eternal life in heaven. &gt;&gt; As I always say, put that in your pipe and smoke it, devil. Amen. I'm a daughter of God, son of God, child of God. Is that right? &gt;&gt; Amen. God richly bless you. We're going to have fellowship there at the at at the um uh fellowship hall. and and for uh our visitors, we just want to uh welcome you guys to come and eat with us. We got plenty of food and um uh so we would love for you to come and to to be a part and um we thank we're always so thankful for uh for our visitors and we and we appreciate you ladies who are just so faithful to to work uh on these Sundays. It's such a ministry. And then uh want to also I didn't I didn't get to say that uh at the beginning but we just say God bless all of you sisters who worked yesterday uh preparing the the food preparation thing for our revival coming up. And so yeah, give them a hand, man. Um God bless y'all. And so we're we're just so thankful to have uh for for for your work. We got a revival coming up. um huh a week from this coming Thursday. So remember, put that on your calendars. It's going to be September 11 through the 14th. So that's Thursday, Friday, Saturday morning, Saturday night, Sunday morning. We've got ministers coming in uh from from different parts of the country. And um uh I'm looking forward to what God has. So, if you want if you want an oldfashioned revival, some of you uh visitors, hey, all of you all are welcome to come, uh we would love to have you. And I would encourage everyone to bring uh to invite as many of your friends as possible and um pack this place out. Amen. We're going to have a wonderful time. Praise the Lord. God bless you, brother Kobe. What are we going to dismiss with? Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; What a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. &gt;&gt; The name of Jesus Christ, my king. Oh, &gt;&gt; what a beautiful name it is. &gt;&gt; Oh, nothing compares to this. &gt;&gt; God bless you now. &gt;&gt; What a beautiful name. &gt;&gt; We love you. &gt;&gt; Amen. the name &gt;&gt; as brother &gt;&gt; Harry comes to um we're going to let him dismiss you by rose and I'm going to shake all of your hands before y'all leave. All right. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; The beginning are with God the Lord most high [Music] in glory in creation. Now revealed in you our Christ. What a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a beautiful name it is. Nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus. Did one heaven without us. So Jesus you brought hell run down. [Music] Sin was great. Your love was greater. What could save us now? What a wonderful name it is. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a wonderful name it is. Nothing compares to this. What a wonderful name it is.
