################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-11-16 - 2025-11-16 Bro Miguel Gonzalez A Renewing From The Word - Miguel Gonzalez.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-11-16
Title:    2025-11-16 Bro Miguel Gonzalez "A Renewing From The Word"
Speaker:  Miguel Gonzalez
Church:   New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 48m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONZSksD0EDM
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Lord earth and beauty in this worldy. Jesus, you're the cup that won't run dry. Your presence is heaven. Lord, your presence is heaven to me. Treasure of my heart and of my soul. In my weakness, you are merciful. the redeemer of my past and present wrongs. You're the holder of my future days. God, your praise is to me. Lord, your praise. It's heaven. So all my days on earth I will wait. I see you face to face. Nothing in this world can't sisfy. My Jesus, you're the cup that won't run dry to me. Lord your presence is heaven. &gt;&gt; Oh can you stand say who is like you Lord? Who is like you Lord in all this earth? Such a matchless love and beauty endless worth. Nothing in this world can satisfy. Jesus, you're the cup that won't run dry. Your presence is heaven to me. Your presence is heaven. Oh treasure of my heart. You're the treasure of my heart and of my soul. And in my weakness, you were merciful and redeemer of my past. many present wrongs. You're the holder of my future days to come and your presence is heaven to me. Your presence is heaven. I have a hope and a future and an expected end. And all my days on earth I will await. For that moment that I see you face to face. for nothing in this world that I have tried to satisfy. Jesus, you're the cup that won't run dry. Your presence is head to me. Your presence is heaven to me. Sing it again. Oh, your presence is heaven to me. Your presence is heaven to me. If you believe you're in his presence, why don't you praise him? I would rather be here in his presence than anywhere I know. Amen. For this world can never satisfy. Amen. But Jesus has satisfied my soul. Amen. I can't thank him enough. Amen. Amen. He put a place in the human heart that only he can dwell. And people try to fill it with everything that this world has to offer. Amen. But it will never last. Amen. Jesus is the only thing that is eternal. Amen. And I've come to praise my my king and lord and savior for all that he is and all that he's done for me. Amen. That I didn't deserve a bit of it. Amen. But he gave it freely. It was by his grace that I was saved, not of works, lest any man should boast. Amen. So, I'm thankful to be in his presence this morning. Can you give him just one more hand clap of praise? If you love him, if you love him, why not serve him? Amen. He gave his life for me. Amen. What more could he give? So good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Good to see the Henrietta clan, Brother Jimmy, Sister Betty, and all the you Henriettans. They used to be called the Henrietta Hens, &gt;&gt; and they changed it to the Knights or something like that few years ago. I guess they got tired of hens. They should have just changed it to roosters. But so good to have you guys this morning. Amen. It's good to see uh looking around the room. It's good to see uh the uh the masked uh sisters or sister. How how many are you just you and uh your mom left you? Amen. So good to have you this morning. Tina, right? Amen. How many enjoys her singing? Amen. With sister Rose. Amen. Mariah is your other sister, right? Is that correct? Boy, I tell you, I've got quite a memory, don't I? Amen. Amen. That's good to see a visitor here in the back. Anthony, good to have you, buddy. Amen. He's 20 years old. Amen. I told him I was that age one time about 43 years ago. I remember a little bit about that age. So, good to have you, Anthony. Where you from? &gt;&gt; Lton, Oklahoma. Oh my goodness. That that's way down there in southwestern Oklahoma. So good to have you here this morning. Amen. It's good to have uh Jacob. &gt;&gt; Ethan. &gt;&gt; Ethan. I got that wrong, didn't I? Amen. This your boy &gt;&gt; nephew. Okay. Your boy's Jacob, right? All right. Good to have Ethan. Good to have you, buddy. Any other visitors? Amen. Well, I pray that you brought the Lord with you and uh if not, you can have him when you leave. Amen. So, he's a free gift. Amen. He wants to come in. Amen. And and live his life through us more than we wanted ourselves. Amen. We want to go to prayer this morning. Maybe have brother Mike King come and ask to lead us uh open up the service with prayer. Amen. I believe in a God that answers prayer. Amen. How many's had God answer your prayer? Amen. You know, he's a savior. He's a healer. He's a baptizer. He's a deliverer. Amen. He's a blesser. Amen. He's He's the I am that I am. He said, "Amen." to Moses one day on the back side of the desert. Amen. How many believe he'll come and visit us this morning? Amen. Before we stand on holy ground. So, if you have an unspoken need, why don't you just lift your hands to God? Amen. Who sees? Amen. God bless you. &gt;&gt; Well, it's good to be in this house this morning. Let's go to prayer. Lord Jesus, we thankful that you brought us to to your house, Lord. &gt;&gt; Lord, we have no written request. So Lord, but everyone has a request on their heart, Lord. Lord, I just pray that you meet the needs. &gt;&gt; Bless our minister. Bless this day in Jesus name. Amen. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. Won't turn back. Turn around and tell somebody you won't turn back. The cross before me. The world behind me. The cross before me. The world behind. The cross before me. The world behind me. I won't turn back. I won't turn back. We'll take this whole world, but give me Jesus. You can take this whole world, but give me Jesus. Take this whole world, but give me Jesus. Won't turn back. You see, I've started for the kingdom. Oh, I have started. We'll do that next. For the kingom. Oh, I have started for the kingom. I have started for the kingom. Won't turn back. I won't turn back. And the no good with me. I'll get it. Still I will follow. Though none go with me. Still I will follow. Though none go with me. Still I will follow. Turning back. Got another verse. Well, I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. Turning back. No turning back. The cross before me. I got a world behind me. The cross before me. The world behind me, the cross before me, the world behind me, no turning back. Oh, one more time. I have decided. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. Last line. No turning back. No turning back. in my life. Lord, won't you be glorified? Oh, be glorified in my Oh, what I did with the Lord wasn't very good. But with you will be glorified today in your church. In this church, Lord be glorified. Oh be Oh, be a light. Let us be a light. Oh, and in this church, Lord, be glorified. Oh, as they come for the offering in my life, in my life. Lord, be glorified. Won't you be glorified in my life? Lord be glorified today. Amen. Would you bow your heads with the hairy? Lord Jesus, we just come into your presence this morning, Lord. And Lord, we thank you for allowing us to to gather here again today, Lord. We Lord, we just lift before you these tithes and offerings, Lord. Pray that it would just be used for your kingdom, Lord. Lord, I pray that you would bless the people in a special way, Lord. Bless those that are able to give and those that aren't, Lord. And Lord, we also lift before you our our sister Carol, Lord, that she's come in and she's not feeling well this morning, Lord. We pray that you would just Lord, may you just reach down and touch her in a special way. Lord, may you strengthen her body and lift her up, Lord. Just help her to enter into the service, Lord, just to enjoy your presence. And Lord, may you just minister to her in a special way. We just commit everything into your hands. The name of Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. Sister Keys, did you get that old song? Amen. So, less we forget. Amen. Just an old himnel. So you elders going to have to help me sing this and you young people just have to try to keep up. Amen. Praise the Lord. We'll try it in G. Amen. There's within my heart a meloy. Jesus whispers sweet and low. Fear not. I am with thee. Peace be still. in all of life's eb and flow. Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, sweetest name I know. Fills my every longing. Keeps me singing as I go. All my life was wrecked by sin and strife. Discord filled my heart with pain. Jesus wept across the broken strings. Stirred the slumbering cords again. Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, sweetest name I know fills my every longing keeps me singing as I go. Feasting on the riches of his grace, resting neath his sheltering wing. Always looking on his smiling face. That is why I shout and sing. Oh Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, sweetest name I know. fills my every longing. Keeps me singing as I go. Though sometimes he leads me through waters deep. Trials fall across the way. Though sometimes the path seems rough and steep. See his footprints all the way. Oh Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, sweetest name I know fills my every longing. We got to have one more verse, don't we? I go soon. He's coming back to welcome me far beyond the starry sky. I shall wing my flight to worlds unknown. I shall reign with him on high. Oh Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, sweetest name I know fills my every longing. Keeps me singing as I go. One more time. Oh Jesus, Jesus, Jesus. Sweetest name I know. Fills my every longing. Keeps me singing as I go. Amen. How about it, elders? Amen. Brother James Torrance, did we do that one? All right. Amen. And I know you. Can you hear me? Amen. You remember that old song? Amen. How about Brother John? Remember that one? Sister April does. Amen. She's younger than you. Amen. I just sing them so I don't forget them, you know. Amen. Hi, brother. Brother Ken, Sister Lorna, remember that one? &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you, brother Jimmy. Sister Betty. &gt;&gt; Amen. How How many appreciates our elders? Amen. Amen. These folks drive two hours, right? Almost two hours. Oh my goodness. And they're in their 80s. &gt;&gt; They ain't no excuse. Amen. It's kind of like the Queen of Sheba. Three months on a camel just to go see the wisdom of Solomon. Amen. Jesus said, "Greater than Solomon is here." Amen. How many appre appreciates the Lord this morning? Amen. As sister Amy come gets ready to come. Amen. Let's sing this. I sought the Lord. Amen. Way to do that D. Brother Kobe. I sought the Lord and he answered me and delivered me from every fear. And those who look on him are radant. Oh, there never be shame. There'll never be shame. This poor man cried and the Lord heard me and he saved me from all my enemies. The son of God, he surrounds his saints. Oh, he will deliver them. &gt;&gt; He will deliver them. So magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come, come and exalt his name forever. Taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he who hide in him. Oh, fear the Lord, all ye saints. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. So magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. ever ending grace. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day. ever ending praise. May our inent sing it again. Let us bless the Lord. How many's come to bless the Lord? Oh, never give him a drink of water. Pentecost of water. Incense rise. Magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Can you praise him this morning? Surely you've been blessed by the Lord and you can bless him this morning. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. I asked my this song was on my heart so I can't sing it so my daughter can. Amen. So God bless you. Amen. Seems like I could see the struggle. A guilt that lived in my past. Bound up in shackles of all my failures. Wondering how long is this going to last? Then you look at this prisoner and say to me, "Son, stop fighting a fight that's already been won. I am redeemed. You set me free. So I will shake off these heavy chains. You wiped away every stain. I'm not who I used to be. I am redeemed. Oh my life. I have felt unworthy. named by the voice of my shame and regret. But then I hear you whisper, "Child, lift up your head." Now remember, oh God, you're not done with me yet. I am redeemed. I've been set free. So I will shake off this heavy chain. You wiped away every stain. I'm not who I used to be. I am redeemed. Oh my life. I have felt so unworthy by the voice of my shame and regret. But then I hear you whisper, "Child, lift up your head." Now remember, oh God, you're not done with me yet. I am redeemed. You set me free. So I will shake off these heavy chains. Wiped away every stain. I'm not who I used to be. No, I don't have to be the old man that's inside me. His day is long dead and gone. I have a new name, a new life. I am not the same. And hope that will carry me home. I am redeemed. You set me free. So I will shake off these heavy chains. You wiped away every stain. I'm not who I used to be. Oh no, I'm not who I used to be. Thank God I'm not who I used to be. I am redeemed. Thank God redeemed. Amen. Would you stand with me? Christianity is not a new leaf. It's a changed life. It's a new birth. Because that's the only thing God will accept. won't accept our righteousness as his filthy rags. How many mean he wants him to search your life this morning? You know, people think that they're they're the ones that decide what's right and wrong. We're not here to examine the word of God's per se, whether it's right or not, but we're to be examined by the word of God to see to see if we're right or not. No wonder the Bible says the word of God is quick and powerful, sharper than any two-edged sword, uh, dividing us under the soul and the spirit, and the joints and the mar. And that is a a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. How many wants him to search your heart? I want him to search my heart this morning. Take out all the leaven, all the unbelief. &gt;&gt; For I was an unbeliever one time. Had many sins because of that unbelief. But when he changed me, I could no longer disbelieve the word of God. For it's a sin to disbelieve. And it's not up for debate. He sent the truth. He said, "I am the way. I am the truth. I'm what's right. I'm the life. And I'll give it to you if you want it, Brother Joe. I got it. Did you get it, Brother Joe? &gt;&gt; And it'll last. Amen. It'll keep you. Amen. It's eternal life. Amen. How many is ready for the word of God this morning? He's going to get behind brother Michael. Amen. He's going to preach the word. HE'S GOD CALLED AND GOD CHOSEN. AMEN. We're all in one mind and one accord. God's going to do something this morning if you can believe it. And you're under expectation this morning. Amen. Let's just sing the that little chorus and D. Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary. Amen. Lord prepare me to be your sainty. Oh, pure and holy. Oh, tried and true. With thanksgiving. I'll be a willing sanctuary of living. Oh, saint. Should we go up? Oh, just sing it with all your heart now. Oh Lord, prepare me. It's a dying out to be a sanctuary. The old man is dead. Pure and holy and tried and true. With thanksgiving and with thanksgiving I'll be a livinging. Oh, saint to wear for you. As the man of God gets ready to come, just sing it again. And Lord, prepare, oh, with prayer and supplication. Oh, with thanksgiving, let your requests be made known unto God. Oh, and he'll grant it this morning. Pure and holy and shrine and true. Oh, with thanksgiving. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Amen. You love him here this morning. &gt;&gt; Is that your desires to be a living sanctuary for the Lord? Amen. I believe that it's important for the day that we live in is to be a tabernacle, a place where God can dwell and he can feel comfortable and um certainly enjoyed the songs here this morning and uh feel the presence of the Lord with us and uh you know there's just something about his presence. You can't see him technically, physically as of right now. You can't touch him, but yet you can feel him. I've often said in times that, you know, his presence is like, and only way that I can describe it in my way of of putting it together is it's like a transformer. You know, when you go next to those big green transformers, &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; you can't see the electricity. You definitely don't want to touch it. But inside that transformer, you put your ear up close to you can hear it humming. It's there. And that's the way I feel here here this evening. His presence is here. Amen. Just the humming and beaming through the people. And just good to see everybody in the house of the Lord. And good to see all those that are come to serve him. And and uh that'll be good for the musicians here this or this morning. But uh just good to be in the house of the Lord and good to see everybody and um you know just been kind of enjoying some of this fall weather that we've been getting here here lately. It's a little warm outside, you know, but uh you know the trees are all turning and everything and I'm actually getting to enjoy it. Usually it's just all happens pretty quick. You know, just bang bang, all the trees and all the leaves are all falling and uh you know, it gets cold and frost is on the ground and and uh but it's just good to see God and nature just to see everything come together the way that he plans it and u brother Window wanted me to make sure to tell everybody hello and uh and uh that he loves everybody and that he's just going to be back as quick as he can. and uh he went up to Virginia there to be with brother Sha. Um but if we could, we'd like to go ahead and move into our scriptures here this morning there in second Kings starting the fifth in the fifth chapter. And I'm going to just read a portion of it and have you guys be seated. Um, pretty familiar passage of scripture here, but hopefully that it would be a blessing and uh, you know, I been trying to do a lot of hunting here lately, so my mind kind of gets stuck in that little frame of mind there. So, if you get a lot of hunting analogies or stuff like that, that's just that's just coming. Honestly, it's just the way it's just happening, you know? So, that's just my process. Everything's kind of funneling that way at the moment. But, uh, but anyway, so, but there in the fifth chapter of 2 Kings, it reads like this. It says, "Now Non, the captain of the hosts of the king of Syria, was a great man with his master and honorable because by him the Lord had given deliverance unto Syria. He was also a mighty man in in valor, but he was a leper. &gt;&gt; Amen. If we could just bow our hearts as we go to the Lord here this this morning. Heavenly Father, we just love you. Father, we just need you here this morning. We would just ask, Lord, that you would just help us, Lord, to be able to say what you would want us to say, Lord. Just take away the things that are not. Father, I would just ask that you would just be with your people, Lord. strengthen them, encourage them. Father, I would just ask that you would just take this thought, these words, Lord, these things, and just Lord, put them together. We just do this for your glory in Jesus name. Amen. You could be seated here this morning. And so, um, but reading, I'm going to continue reading here. Start here in the second the second verse. And it reads, "Thus, and the Syrians had gone out by the companies, and had brought away captives out of the land of Israel, a little maid. And when she was waited on non's wife, and she said unto her mistress, would God, my lord, were with the prophet that is in Samaria, &gt;&gt; for he would recover him of his leprosy." And one went out and told his lord, saying, "Thus, and thus the maid that is of the land of Israel." And the king of Syria said, "Go, go, and I will send a letter into unto the king of Israel." And he departed. And he took with him 10 talents of silver and 6,000 pieces of gold, and 10 changes of raignment. And he brought the letter to the king of Israel, saying,"Now, when this letter has come unto thee, behold, I have wherewith sent non my servant to thee, that thou mayest recover him of his leprosy." Now, this next portion or this next verse here, I'd like for us to just take a little send unto me to recover a man of his leprosy. Wherefore consider I pray you and see how he seeketh a quarrel against me. Now looking at this little portion this little portion of scripture right here. Now he had sent non first to the king and asked that he would first be that the king would do something to heal non uh this great general of his leprosy. But immediately the king realized his limitations. Now looking at this, this is something that I look at that governments doesn't have the ability to do anything that God can do. And this king recognized his ability even to the point where he had at the end of that scripture, he was like, has he set this up as some kind of a trick &gt;&gt; that that we that he could start a fight, start a fight between me and Israel. But I'd like for you I'd like for us to to continue on here there in the eth verse. And he said and he said it was so. When Elisha, the man of God, had heard the king of Israel, he had rent his clothes, that he had rent his clothes that he had sent to the king, saying, "Wherefore hast thou rent thy clothes? Let him come now to me, and he shall know that there is a prophet in Israel." So therefore, now we have the word responding to the challenge here. So now, so non came with his horses and with his chariots, and he stood at the door of the house of Elijah. And Elijah sent his messenger unto him, saying, "Go and wash in the Jordan seven times, and thy flesh shall come unto thee, or come again unto thee, and thou shalt be clean." But non was wroth. Now think about this. Now non has leprosy. Non has been treated multiple times. Has been no doubt that there was plenty of physicians that were there in Syria. But leprosy was a case that was unccurable. Therefore, you know the non was non was having a problem here. He says and but non withdraws and he went away and said behold I thought he would surely come out to me and stand and call on the name of the Lord his God and strike his hand over the place and recover the leopard. Now again looking at this there we go back to the 11th chap or the 11th verse the verse that's directly before that. But non with ro was wroth and he went away. And behold, I thought now the word had already given him the command of what to do in order for his for his leprosy to be done. But yet non walks out of away from the word and he was just like but I thought that this is what what was going to happen. You know, I thought this is what was going to what was going to what was going to take place. You know, I thought I was going to be able to come. We were going to throw some gold out. We're going to throw some silver. we're going to be, hey, you know, here's some shirts and here's some new pair of Nikes and, you know, I'm going to come and I'm going to get my healing, you know, and then all of a sudden he comes to the king and the king's like, whoa, this is out of my league. This is this is this is a this is a situation here that that I'm not fit to do now. Now, now non again, he has leprosy and and this is a serious situation because his flesh is literally rotting off of his body. So now non is he's in a situation when he was like, "Well, where do I go?" And they're like they're like uh the and the prophet hears the situation and he was like I want you to go I want you to go wash I I want you to go wash in the I want you to go wash in the river. And he of course he's upset and he says here in the 12th verse he says are not are not Abna and the and the and the parrah rivers of Damascus better than the waters of Israel? May I not wash in them and be clean? So he turned away and and and he was enraged. Now, now the now when he was now looking at this uh but he had told it to him to go and wash and the rivers in the rivers in Jerusalem weren't necessarily the most cleanest rivers that was there. And so now he's looking at the situation and and and he's needing to be cleansed of this leprosy. He's needing to be he's needed to be rided to be rid of it. And the prophet tells him, I want you to go wash in this river. But yet but yet he he he wants to do it his own way. He's got his own idea about how to do things. And he says here, "And a servant came near, and he spake to him, and he said, "My father, if the prophet had bid thee to do some great thing, would thou not have done it? How much more rather when he say, wash, wash and be clean?" Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. So now you got this same servant girl that's in the third verse that had was the one that had recognized that there was a healer recognized that the word was in the land and had first had convinced non and the servants and the different ones to be able to go over to Israel. And now you got this same servant girl that's coming back and is speaking to non and he's sitting there and he's telling them, you know, if he would asked you to have done anything else, would you have done it? And he's like, well, yeah, of course. So then what's the problem? What what's the situation here? So naban again we go down here and we read and he went down and he dipped himself seven times in Jordan according to uh according to the saying of the man of God and his flesh had came again like unto the flesh of a little child and he was clean and he had returned to the he returned to the man of God and all his company and came and stood before him and he said behold now I know that there is no God in all the earth but in Israel. Now therefore, I pray thee, take a a blessing of thy servant. But he said, as the Lord liveth before whom I stand, I will receive I will receive none. And he urged him to take it, but he refused. Now, now thinking of this little uh thinking about this little story here, right here, I begin to think about a washing or or a cleansing and and sometimes as a minister, you know, you begin to try and some and and song leaders and different ones, you know, that are that you you're looking there's certain things that are said, there's certain things that that happen in your daily life that you begin to pick out things and and then you begin to build certain things together. And I begin to I begin to hear throughout the past few weeks throughout the sermons and through some of the songs talking about a renewing and a washing and and uh how many think that thinks that that's okay, you know? I mean, there's nothing wrong with the with a washing and and I I hope you're not against washing, you know. I hope you wash, you know. I mean, I hope I hope that you're you're just not, you know, just making me think that you're okay with, you know, just nice and dressed up. But but thinking about this, I begin to think about how that everything requires some type of a renewing or a washing or anything materialistic. You know, if you think about, you know, a gun or you think about, you know, how that sometimes that, you know, if you buy a gun at the beginning, you know, it comes fully prepared, it comes fully uh equipped. It might need a few little things here and there, but it's just out of the box, you know, without the scope ready to go, you know, and but over time after you begin to use the use your rifle and you begin to uh I told you this, you're going to get some hunting stuff, you know, it's just it's just going to happen, you know. So, so after after a period of time, you're going to you're going to get, you know, your rifle uh you're going to be carrying it through the woods and you're going to get water in it or or you know, heaven forbid somebody stick the barrel down into the mud, you know, or or you know, or you're going to get your scope knocked off and it or something like that and and it rec it requires a for a little bit of maintenance work to be done to it. It requires you to put oils in it and it requires you to, you know, clean off the rust and be able to sight the scope back in. You know what, you know, and you begin to think about how that sometimes uh in life, you know, that people say that, you know, they need a need to get away from life and you need to get away from the work situation. You need to get away from just the daily grind. And you know, everybody's seeking a vacation or they're seeking a place where they can get renewed or they can get re re uh washed or they can just come back refreshed and come back, you know, just ready to ready to hit the grind, you know, and and and you know, and I begin to think about how that, you know, uh thinking about this, I begin to think about how that Robert and uh he has this little detailing thing going on, you know, and and how that, you know, detailing cars that there's certain things, you know, I when I'd come to him one time about detailing in a vehicle, you know, I was like, "Oh, I'm just going to get the rag, you know, and put some water on it and get some snow or get some get some soap and I'm just going to come out and I'm just going to start washing." He's like, "Stop what you're doing." And I'm just like, "Why?" He said, "No, there's a process and there's a you know, in order to get this in order to get the deposits off of the the paint of the car, you're going to have to use a certain thing that comes and and takes off all the takes off all the debris off the top of it. Otherwise, you're just going to take your rag and just scratch all over the top of it, you know, and and without that kind of a knowledge, I would have never known that there's a process that goes. I just go to the old car wash, you know, and put my car in and I just spray it down with some white stuff and, you know, power wash it off. And really, the cleaning for me is the actual power washing. It's not the soap, you know, it's just a, you know, you're really just trying to blow off all the dirt that's on it, you know, and and and you know, but but there's a process of these things that that that that happens, you know, and and you know, to begin to think about how that there's also a washing and a rejuvenating or renewing that takes place in the life of the believer that, you know, God's just not some God's just not some, you know, car wash that we can just go to and we just walk into church and we're just like, God, do your thing, you know, and and all of a sudden you just You take a little twirl and you're just like, you know, put an extra wax on me because I got a lot of sin that I'm going to be going through in life, you know, and I need to, you know, and God's not that way. God's not God's just not just just a turn in and turn out type of believer, but but God has a certain way and God has a certain solution and God has the has a he he deals with every individ or he deals with every person individually. You know, that that not every person that comes to church, you know, battles the same things that I do. And uh you know, I don't struggle with the things that brother Mike does. You know, brother Mike just seems to live just a a perfect peaceful life. you know, he's just never mad, you know, he's just, you know, he he just like, well, you know, he's, you know, he's laidback and, you know, but and then you got the other person on the other side that's just going to 100 to zero to this to that, you know, that's mad, that's happy, that's you know, and and you you know, God got God's got there's different personalities and God's gave us God made made a lot of people with different varieties of personalities. Therefore, he deals with people there there some people require just a little bit more grace than this person does or this one requires just a little bit more love than but we go through life and and and we come through Christianity and we start on the way of course you know we we come out and and and we're looking and and we're seeking because there's something that's within us that doesn't seem to set right and and and we hear the gospel and the gospel has a a drawing power first there's nobody body that comes to God unless God first draws him. And there's nobody that's in this building that's that's here here this morning that that comes on their own accord. You just didn't decide, oh, I'm just going to go to a church. I mean, who would do that? Who would just stop the beginning of the day and just, oh, I'm going to go to church when you COULD GO TO A basketball game or you could go you could go hunting or you could go Yeah, there I go. you know, or you could go you could go hunting or that you could go play baseball or you could watch a movie or, you know, but yet there's something that's drawing you uh to his service. There's drawing you to the word of God. It's drawing you to the to the songs that are being sung. It's not your family. It's not it's not, you know, just to be dressed up or anything like that, but it's the spirit of God that's coming and he's drawing you. And what he does is sometimes is he draws us into his presence and he draws us into this word. But you know I you know I put on my pants just the way you do. You know I you know I just had to go out and jump my truck just you know just the same way that you do. And you know what we walk through this life and we get soot and we do deal with drama and we deal with Amen. the the aches and the pains of life and having to having to provide for a family or happening to, you know, to deal with your children and teach school and to do these different things. throughout this world, we begin to go through the grind and and you know what, we begin to get dirt and and you know what? The other day I was working on a a little rental property down the road here and and I got the I got a table saw, you know, and this table saw that this thing just rip right through anything and it's just done such a great job this past couple years that we've had it. But one day I was having a problem with the slide and I couldn't get the slide to go back and forth and I was just like I thought I had it locked, you know, so I'd unlock it and I'd lock it and and I twist it and I'd just go back and forth and I begin to think, well, what's wrong with this thing that, you know, the thing spins and it does this and it does that. But what had happened was is that all of the sawdust and all of the dirt and all the things had gotten down into the rails and it caused the and it caused the slide to be able to not go back and forth. And so I had to be able I had to get my little tool out and I had to kind of scrape out the slides in order to in order for the uh scrape out the rails in order for the slides to get there, you know, and and I begin to think about how that sometimes, you know, God doesn't God is wondering what's going on with this person or or what's going on with that person, you know, they they come to church and they seek me and they sing and they, you know, and that they preach and they, you know, and they read their Bible and they do all these different things But yet they're not operating the way that I made them. You know, I made this person to be a prayer warrior. I made this person to be a singer and I made this person to, you know, to be able to preach the gospel and made this one to do this or to do that. But yet when I go to operate them, things seem to be getting in the way. And and I begin to think about that's how it is. And in our walk with God is sometimes, hey man, we're the equipment God needs. We're exactly what he needs in the area that we are. But we get things in our rails and we get things in the way that WHEN WHEN GOD BEGINS TO COME AND and he's ready to be able to use us for HIS GLORY THAT HE goes up to do something and he can't he can't do it because you're stuck and you got things in the WAY AND AND GOD can't do anything about it, you know. And so, you know, and that's the way it is with tools, you know. Sometimes you you got to get out the old WD40 and you go down to spraying all the things that are rusted out and and all the things that are locked UP AND AND YOU AND and you get to a place where you get to A PLACE WHERE YOU'RE NOT USABLE. You get to a place where WHERE GOD GETS OUT AND GETS READY TO DO SOMETHING IN SOMEBODY'S LIFE, but he wants to use you, but he can't use YOU BECAUSE YOU'RE LOCKED UP IN EDUCATION &gt;&gt; or you're locked up in WORK OR YOU'RE LOCKED UP IN HATRED OR YOU'RE LOCKED UP IN IN YOUR YOUR FAMILY SITUATION OR YOU'RE LOCKED UP IN THIS. AMEN. AND GOD'S KINGDOM IS TRYING TO GET DONE. &gt;&gt; God's trying to get this done so you can make A RAPTURE, BUT HE'S WAITING FOR YOU TO GET THE SAWDUST OUT OF YOUR RAILS. He's ready for you to get the rust out of the nonsense out of your mind. And he's ready FOR YOU TO GET ALL THESE THINGS, AMEN, TO A place where he could use you to where he could DO HIS WILL RIGHT HERE IN &gt;&gt; PANEE. &gt;&gt; Sometimes we go through life and we're just sailing away, you know, we're just sailing away, you know, and then all of a sudden we don't realize that we're just dragging behind. We don't realize that, hey, you know what? there's a work going on and how come the sails you know I got the sails I got the ship and you know and I got all the people that are there and and and but you know what the ships sometimes they have to beach &gt;&gt; sometimes them ships they got to beach in order to get all the things that are hanging on them off &gt;&gt; you know I was just listening about you know I like running numbers and I was just I don't know why I was just looking at this thing about people that clean ships and just randomly things like knowledge I consume you know, just random knowledge, you know, that, you know, so just random knowledge. I just randomly begin to look onto this thing and then I begin to see about how these guys, you know, getting paid big bucks to be able to, you know, just scrape off all the stuff that the ships that the ships that are stuck to them cuz all these things and what it does is it calls drag. &gt;&gt; And what it does is it makes it less aerodynamic. So the ships can't be able to get to a certain place because they've got it calculated. Amen. That the ships is aerodynamic like this. The motor is like this, the fuel is like that, the electronics is like this, and the sails are doing that. Amen. They're going at this certain distance, at this, you know, wind speed, blah, blah, blah, etc., etc. You should be able to make it to here at this place. And you know what? God's got his date set. God knows when the rapture's taking place. God knows when God knows when you're going to be healed of your bodies or the situation that's going on in your body. God knows when your sons and your daughters are going to come back to the Lord. And he knows when all these things are done. But yet, you got barnacles hanging on your ship. Amen. And you're SLOWING DOWN. YOU'RE DRAGGING GOD'S PLAN. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; My &gt;&gt; dragging. YOU'RE DRAGGING God's plan. You got the barnacles hanging at the bottom OF THE SHIP. OH YEAH. YOU'RE A BELIEVER. &gt;&gt; I'm going pull us out of here in just a second. I'm going pull us out of here for a second. Amen. Yeah. You're a believer. Yeah. Yeah. You you you got the ship. You got the sales. You got the mechanics. You got all these things. You you BELIEVE THE BIBLE. YOU GOT THE MESSAGE. You believe that God sent a prophet, but yet YOU'RE HANGING ON ALL THE BAGGAGE OF THIS WORLD. Claiming that there's going to be a rapture, CLAIMING THAT YOU'RE A MESSAGE BELIEVER, CLAIMING THAT YOU BELIEVE the word of God. AND YOU GOT ALL THIS BAGGAGE THAT'S HANGING YOU DOWN, THAT'S keeping you from church, that's keeping you from singing, that's keeping you from praying, that's keeping you from playing music, that's keeping you from preaching, that's keeping you a keeping you from the THINGS OF GOD. AND GOD'S LIKE, I'M TRYING TO SAIL ON. &gt;&gt; THAT'S RIGHT. I need you to clean your rails. I NEED YOU TO CLEAN OFF THE BARNACLES AT THE BOTTOM OF THE SHIP. I NEED YOU TO SIGHT IN YOUR SCOPE. I NEED YOU TO CLEAN OUT THE BARREL. I NEED YOU TO GET OUT. AMEN. BECAUSE WE'RE IN THE MIDDLE OF TRYING TO DO SOMETHING. &gt;&gt; OKAY. &gt;&gt; Some of you young people might be sitting there and be like, "Yeah." And you're sitting there putting it back. IT WAS DAVID THAT KILLED THE GIANT. &gt;&gt; A YOUNG BOY. &gt;&gt; YES, SIR. IT WAS JOSIAH THAT WAS A young king &gt;&gt; that ruled in the place there in Israel. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Sometimes you be you might be sitting back and you be looking that you know what you know what get to some quotes here &gt;&gt; and you be sitting out there and you and now you're sitting there and you're thinking you're going on through life and the sad thing is is we realize what's going on but we refuse to do anything about it. Okay, &gt;&gt; we realize that we're not in the situ I'm not I'm not sitting here driving my stakes down or anything. You know, sometimes when you get up here, you got to preach at yourself. Otherwise, you can't preach by what you believe. &gt;&gt; Amen. You know, sometimes, you know, sometimes, you know, we we sit back and we wondered, you know, that we sit back and and we're thinking, you know, God, that I realize what you called me as you I realize, but I I just can't seem to be able to shake some of these things that are in my life. You know, I I can't seem to be able to I can't seem to be able to to to be able to get up to speed to where I was. You know, I've been looking back in these I look back in the scriptures here and I look and this is one of my favorite passages of scripture there in Psalms because, you know, David's a king. David's the head of his game. He's the man. He's the boss. Everything goes through David. But yet, David, even as a king, realized when he was dragging anchor, &gt;&gt; Sure. Look what happened with Bash Bashibba. Look what happened to the different sins that was come that he had done. He and different things. But yet he comes to the point where he rent his clothes in the presence of God and ask for mercy. Look at the scriptures like one of these psalm there in Psalms 515 to12. Behold I was shapen in iniquity. &gt;&gt; Shapen. You were molded. That's the way that you were born. No way around it. Ifs of buts. was the way that you were made. I was shapen in iniquity and in sin did my mother conceive me. Behold, thou desire truth in the inward parts. Not this. Not showing up with a suit and tie. Not showing up with credentials. Not showing up, well, I've been a missionary here and I was a preacher there and oh, I led this over here and was in this prayer meeting and I done this and I done that. No, not none of that drama. He says, "BUT HE DESIRES TRUTH IN THE INWARD PARTS." &gt;&gt; YES. &gt;&gt; Because if you have truth IN THE INWARD, IT'LL SHOW OUTWARDLY. &gt;&gt; You ain't got to sit here and tell ME THAT YOU SIT OUT THE DOORS THAT YOU LOVE GOD. I'LL KNOW WEDNESDAY, SUNDAYS, MORNING, SUNDAY NIGHT, WHETHER YOU DO OR NOT. &gt;&gt; YES, SIR. &gt;&gt; And in the hidden parts, thou shalt make me to know thy wisdom. Purge me. &gt;&gt; Oh my. Oh, &gt;&gt; he's not asking you to just Lord, JUST JUST JUST WIPE OFF MY EYES, LORD. Just clean my hands. Make sure I got a good suit. Make sure my make sure my shoes are okay, my belt's tied up. HE SAYS, "NO, PURGE ME, LORD. &gt;&gt; Because I know that YOU CAN SEE PAST WHAT THIS IS." AND YOU SEE WHAT'S GOING ON HERE. &gt;&gt; I KNOW, LORD, BECAUSE I'VE SEEN YOU WORK. He says that. He said, "Purge me with his and I SHALL BE CLEAN. WASH ME AND I SHALL BE WHITER THAN SNOW. Make me to hear the joy and gladness. That's the things happens when things get in the way. Things don't seem to ring the same. &gt;&gt; Make me to hear joy and gladness. Make me to hear, Amen. the word of the Lord when it's preached, not just being preached through this vessel. You could sit here and you can criticize this vessel all that you want. You could sit and you can criticize the pastor vessel. You can criticize the evangelist vessel. You can criticize Amen the song leader vessel. You can criticize criticize the s the singer's vessel and all those all those things that all those things that you like. Amen. But the thing is is that you're not hearing the joy of gladness &gt;&gt; because your ears, your hearing, your mind, YOUR BODY, YOUR SOUL NEEDS TO BE WASHED SO YOU CAN HEAR the word, the message THAT'S BEING PREACHED BEHIND. AMEN. The words that the man saying, behind the song that the man's saying, behind behind the things that a brother is trying to speak to you, he wants you to hear the joy and gladness. Amen. And if you're not careful, the devil will keep you completely on the negative. &gt;&gt; Every one of your life situations that you're going through, Satan likes to point out the negative. Point out the negative. Well, your s well, your son's this. Well, you got this infirmity in your body. Well, well, you can't sing. Well, you can't preach. Well, you can't dance. Well, you can't do this. And we're going to sit there and remind you of all the things that you've gone through in your life. you know, all the things that you all those things that you have done, all the things that you all the things that you're trying to put away and all. But let me tell you something. You know, the other day I was dealing with something like that myself. You know, I was sitting there. I'm thinking and Satan's just hammering on me. Just hammering. I'm not talking, you know, I'm talking just I don't even I ain't even done nothing. Just hammering on me. And I said, you know what? I was just like, you know what? you're right, but I can't be that big of a loser. Some of my confidence kind of coming in there, you know, I like I'm a loser. I get that. I get that, but I can't be that big of a loser. You know, you say that I'm But you know what? You know what calls to my recollection of the fact that, you know, I think I remember when I've handed you some L's in your time. You know how many you know you know what I mean? I mean yeah we might have lo we might have lost some and we might have won some and but you know what I think that I think that what he does is he tries to put all this film over your mind and he tries to put all this film over your eyes to where a man he tries to blot out the times of of prayer where you defeated Satan. Amen. at your nighttime hour about the times that amen that you walked in and knew that amen situation was a was was impossible but yet you walked in and you handed the devil a loss amen in your spiritual life. You know what I think Satan has to be reminded of those kinds of things that and we need to COME THROUGH THE WASHING AMEN OF GOD'S WORD so we could be able those things could be cleansed OFF OF OUR MINDS AND and could BE CLEANSED THAT YOU'RE not a loser. Amen. You've already WON. AMEN. GOD'S ALREADY AMEN. TAKEN THE WORD OF GOD AND HE'S PLANTED THAT SEED IN YOUR HEART. YOU'VE ALREADY OVERCOME. AMEN. YOUR CHILDREN ARE ALREADY SAVED. AMEN. GOD'S ALREADY OVERCOME FOR YOU IN the situation YOU'RE GO THROUGH. ALL YOU GOT TO DO IS TAKE THE WORD. &gt;&gt; Purge me with his sub. David says, HE SAYS, "HIDE thy face from my sins." &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Don't dodge it. Own it. &gt;&gt; Own it. &gt;&gt; Lord, hide thy face from my sins. Put your halos away. &gt;&gt; HIDE &gt;&gt; THY face from my sins. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; David's getting real. &gt;&gt; I know this is a familiar scripture, but this is just what it is. This is just one man talking real to God. He says, "Hi, hide my face from thy sins and blot out mine iniquities. Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. Cast me not away from thy presence, &gt;&gt; and take not thy holy spirit from me. Restore unto me THE JOY OF MY SALVATION AND uphold me with thy free spirit. Restore unto me the joy OF MY SALVATION. THE PLACE WHERE I CAN COME WHERE I WOULD actually enjoy church. A place where I can come AND I CAN I CAN SHED OFF ALL THE PLACES OF THIS WORLD AND I can sit here and can concentrate on God and HIS GOODNESS. ONLY GOD renew a right spirit in me. Amen. that I could serve you in your word and in the trueness of heart. &gt;&gt; Go ahead. &gt;&gt; But you know what? A washing, of course, has there's chemicals in the natural. There's all types of chemicals. You've got, you know, the the you've got, you know, the deep cleansing, you got the shine, you know, you've got a wax, you've got, you know, just all these kinds of I'm butchering all that up, but yet God has a cleansing agent as well. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; God has an ability to be able to do something that even he can't remember it. &gt;&gt; You think about that. Somebody that knows the end from the beginning. &gt;&gt; Think about it. Somebody that knows your future. Somebody that knows that you, some of you girls AS HUSBANDS, SOMEBODY THAT KNOWS, AMEN, YOU BOYS AS WIVES BEFORE THE FOUNDATION OF THE WORLD, HE KNOWS EVERY misstep that you're going to take. BUT YET UNDERNEATH THAT ONE cleansing agent, he can't even remember your sins. THAT'S WHAT DAVID WAS LIKE, "HIDE, HIDE MY SINS, LORD." AND LET me tell you something, that sin, amen, can only be washed away. And even the remembrance of sin can only BE WASHED AWAY BY THE BLOOD OF JESUS CHRIST. AMEN. TO BE THAT WAS SHED ON CALVARY. AMEN. THAT COULD TAKE AWAY even the remembrance of sin. &gt;&gt; Sometimes we got to COME UNDERNEATH THE WASHING OF THAT WORD. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; THE WASHING OF THAT BLOOD. &gt;&gt; What was it? Say, Michael, is it the washing of the word or the blood? &gt;&gt; It was the word that produced the blood. It was the word that foretold of that precious lamb that was to come. And it was the word that sits HERE THAT STANDS RIGHT here this morning that says that you can be free to worship me and in spirit and in truth. Amen. It's that same cleansing agent. You say, "Is there another cleansing agent?" No. The blood is there to keep you. It's to cleanse you of sin. &gt;&gt; It's to take away the very remembrance from God's mind. But the thing is is we're going through life and and we get all the different things that are upon us and it begins to weigh us down and it begins to and it begins to weigh us down in the Lord and it begins to keep us, amen, from staying focused on his will and his purpose in our life. And yet we need to come back to that same cleansing agent. Amen. be able to come to a place now hunting. Told you, you know, two days ago I was shot me a deer, you know, and that deer had ran out and everything and it run it had ran it had ran down, you know, the field and and I could tell I I got a clean shot by the blood. Okay. &gt;&gt; And the thing is is as long as I followed the trail, it would take me exactly to where the animal was. &gt;&gt; But along the trail, there was times where I got distracted because, you know, you're you're you're trying to find a dot, you know, on this limb over here, on this rock over here, on this dirt that's down right here. and you're trying to find this this this blood trail &gt;&gt; on the ground. You're trying to find this blood trail because you're trying to get to the deer, you know. But the thing was is there was times that I'd find a good clean trail and I'd go and I'd go and all of a sudden I'd get out and I'd be like, "Where am I now?" I would have to go back to where the blood was &gt;&gt; in order to restart my direction to in order to go. And sometimes we need to go back to the blood. &gt;&gt; To be able to restart our direction on our path with Christ. &gt;&gt; Sometimes we got to go back to the blood of Jesus and say, "You know what? You know what, God? I I've gone down this road and and you know what? I need you to wash me." Amen. from this from these these habits that I've accured. I NEED YOU TO WASH ME, AMEN, from these things that are coming onto my mind and you need to go back to the blood in order to trail it back to Christ. And you know what? Sometimes we begin to look even as the believer, we begin to sit and we begin to think about, you know, think about this. It's not just a washing from sin. Not just a washing from sin. You could stay at that level if you'd like. &gt;&gt; It's not just a washing of sin. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; But it's also a revealing of who you are. &gt;&gt; Cuz in order for you to see who you are, you had to have this washed. &gt;&gt; YES. &gt;&gt; RIGHT. &gt;&gt; THINK ABOUT THIS. OKAY. SO, you have the man that was blind. Okay. He was blind and he come to Jesus and he asked for his sight and God the God God took he was the word and the man and he but he stepped back and he spit in the mud and he grabbed the mud and he and he put it in his hand and he made a paste &gt;&gt; and he put it ON THE EYES OF THE man and he was like go and wash go and wash. Now, how putrid would that be? &gt;&gt; Going back to non situation. &gt;&gt; Non's like, "I'm not washing in no dirty Jordan." &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, dirt water. But yet, he had an infirment. He had something that needed to get taken care of. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; But he was not going to be able to do it his way. He was going to have to do it THE WAY OF THE WORD. &gt;&gt; And you know what? When the man was coming up to be healed, the word said, "Here, here, &gt;&gt; go and wash so you could be clean." And sometimes the word requires YOU TO COME UNDERNEATH A PASTOR. And sometimes the word requires you to come underneath, hey man, a minister or or requires you to come underneath an elder. Or the word will come off kind of a little bit, oh, that hurt. You or the word's GOING TO COME OFF, OH, I DON'T KNOW ABOUT THIS, OR OH, I DON'T KNOW ABOUT THAT. OR OR THE WORD'S going to come across a way THAT WE DON'T LIKE it because we're a teenager or we don't like it because we're an elder and we realize more than this or or we don't like IT BECAUSE WE'RE JUST YOUNG AND DON'T EVEN KNOW WHAT TO LIKE OR NOT TO LIKE. But the word comes away and it has a certain process of being able to do something &gt;&gt; and if you WANT TO BE EFFECTIVE IN THE KINGDOM OF GOD, you can't do things the way of the world. Remember, you got to think of the the washing as not just a cleansing but a revealing. &gt;&gt; Look at this. Colossians 3:9 and 10 there in Colossians starting at the ninth verse. Now, this is a good passage. This is a good passage of scripture. I would recommend that a lot of you just just read the whole context of this, the context of this, but we don't have time. So, we have to break into this. It says, "Lie not one to another, seeing that ye have put off the old man with his deeds and have put on the new man, which is renewed." Think, look at look at this. It's renewed in the knowledge after renewed in the knowledge. Now, look at this. a revealing, renewed in the knowledge, renewed that after the image of him that created him. &gt;&gt; So, we're talking about a cleansing, we're talking about a cleaning, we're talking about we're talking ABOUT BUT YET IT'S ALSO a revealing to be renewed in the knowledge because being renewed in that knowledge, being renewed, being renewed in that revealing will keep you from staying dirty. &gt;&gt; Okay? because it reveals your position, YOUR PLACE IN THE BODY OF CHRIST. &gt;&gt; THE WASHING, SURE, IT TAKES AWAY ALL OF YOUR SINS, BUT THAT'S JUST A START. THAT'S JUST A PLACE NOW. NOW THAT YOU'VE BEEN WASHED, AMEN. YOU JUST DON'T SIT HERE AND just like every Sunday, THIS ISN'T A BATH HOUSE. &gt;&gt; God's word IS NOT A BATH HOUSE WHERE YOU JUST WALK IN, YOU'RE JUST LIKE BOOM, I'm clean going back out. No, it's a continual cleansing of the word. Amen. That's done for you every day. Take a bath in your own house. &gt;&gt; That was free. &gt;&gt; After the image of him that has created Titus 3:5-6. So now we're getting past just an old washing. God doesn't want you clean. The Pharisees were clean. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; The Sadducees were clean. HE SAID, "YOU WHITEWASH SUPPLERS." &gt;&gt; YES, SIR. &gt;&gt; WHITEWASHED. &gt;&gt; You just paint the outside. God's not interested on the outside. &gt;&gt; He's interested in knowing who you are. Because if you know who you are, you ain't got to worry ABOUT IT GOING BACK TO WHAT YOU WAS, &gt;&gt; RIGHT? &gt;&gt; Not by the works of righteousness. Titus 3:5-6. Not by the works of righteousness which which we have done, but by according to his mercy he has saved by the washing of regeneration and renewing of the Holy Ghost which he has said in abundance through Jesus Christ our savior. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Ephesians 4:22 through2 that you put off the concerning the former uh conversion the old man which is corrupt according to deceitful lust and be renewed in the spirit of your mind. Amen. &gt;&gt; I'm not talking mind over matter. &gt;&gt; This isn't a mind over matter. Oh, I'm just going to think good. Good things are going to happen. Boom. Something bad happened. Let's not have it. No, that's not the case. We're talking about the renewing of your mind because you're placed you're placed where God wants you. &gt;&gt; Amen. And if you're and you're in the word, you're renewed by the word in the spirit of your mind. And that you put on the new man which is which after God has created in the righteousness and in true holiness. Were wherefore putting away lying, speaking every man the truth to his neighbor. For we are members one to another. That's another one. That's that's a good one. Amen. To go back and to look. Now look Romans 12 1-2. And I'm going to kind of buzz through a few of these. I beseech you therefore brethren by the mercy of God that you present your bodies a living sacrifice. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Now those passages those the ones in Titus and they the one that I have before I told you to read it's it talks about about putting away the lying and putting away the uh the the putting away all the things of the world and and and putting all these things because you've been renewed in the mind. &gt;&gt; Okay. Being cleansed. That's just a start. Now we're dealing with this inward man. Amen. You're dealing with this inward man. Amen. That has to be renewed day by day. It has to constantly be dealt WITH WHETHER TO LIE or to cheat or to steal or Amen. That's the man that we're working. I beseech you, brethren. Amen. You don't want to be just like the way that you was, the way that God found you before YOU CLEANSED YOU. THAT'S NOT THE PURPOSE. AGAIN, this isn't a bath house. YOU'RE NOT JUST WASHED UP, WALKED OUT SAME WAY. BUT GOD'S WANTING TO DO SOMETHING INWARDLY. YEAH, &gt;&gt; you all heard it heard the expression about the pig in the suit. &gt;&gt; You can put a suit on a pig all that you want, but doesn't mean that it's going to stay out of the pig pin. It's nature. It's the same. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And if your nature doesn't want to come to church, if your nature doesn't want to stay in the presence of the Lord. If your nature doesn't want these kinds of things, amen, that is what we're talking about. Not the outward man. Amen. But the inward man, AMEN, WHERE GOD CAN DO SOMETHING AT THAT INDIVIDUAL, THAT'S WHAT HE'S INTERESTED IN. &gt;&gt; I beseech you, brethren, that by the mercies of God, you present your body, living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto the God, which is your reasonable. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; How many like to be reasonable? &gt;&gt; I like to have reasonable prices. I like to have reasonable fair things. AND GOD'S LIKE, I'VE DONE ALL THESE THINGS. YOU CAN reasonably serve me in purity. &gt;&gt; I lost my place. And be not conformed to this world. Don't be conformed to it. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; There's a whole purpose of coming to Christ. &gt;&gt; It's because it's God calling out. The the objective is not to look the same as those that are out. to be CONFORMED TO THIS WORLD. But be ye transformed. &gt;&gt; By the what? &gt;&gt; By the what? &gt;&gt; Not by putting on a new suit. Not by putting ON A NICE TIE. NOT BY MAKING SURE THAT YOUR SHOES ARE RIGHT. BY THE TRANSFORMING, IT'S BY THE PLACE. IT'S BY THE THE THE STATUS OF YOUR MIND IS WHERE you're at. Again, not mind over matter, but it's realizing THAT YOU'RE A SON OF GOD. &gt;&gt; THAT GOD WOULD HAVE never and that never you would have never came to God unless that HE FIRST DRAWED YOU. THEREFORE, HE HAS A PURPOSE IN YOUR LIFE TO DO SOMETHING. &gt;&gt; He just didn't come in here as if all you know God always orchestrating certain things, put you in the right mind frame, done this, done that to be able to put you into a place. But it's you. Amen. It's not just dealing away. This is not a first aid kit. I think we talked about that actually a while back. God's not a first aid kit all of a sudden that oh I fell into sin. Just slap a band-aid on and you walk out. You're going to keep you from this situation. Therefore, you have a renewing of THE MIND AND REALIZING, HEY, I'M JUST NOT SO AND SO, BUT I MISS JESUS CHRIST. &gt;&gt; HEY MAN, I'M I I AM A SON AND DAUGHTER of God. &gt;&gt; Sometimes the renewing isn't just all peaches. Sometimes it's a stripping, a ripping, a tearing because sometimes you got to be able to try to dig out all of those old ideas. Sometimes you got to be able to dig out all of those old habits. Sometimes you got to be able to dig out all of your, "Hey, man. Well, this is what I used to do when this situation would happen." That's not the goal. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. God's not God's not coming to wash you and and put you in his kingdom that you could represent the devil, &gt;&gt; but he's he's giving you an opportunity to be transformed into his word. Sometimes it takes a tearing for both new converts and old converts alike. You could read into the scripture. It says here in Isaiah 40:28 through31, "Hast thou not known?" There's a question mark. Hast thou not heard that the ever everlasting God, the Lord, creator of the ends of the earth, faintth not? Neither is weary? THERE IS NO SEARCHING OF HIS UNDERSTANDING. YOU GOT QUESTIONS in life. &gt;&gt; There's no searching of his understanding. This is the one that you're supposed to look to, &gt;&gt; not fuchsia, &gt;&gt; not whoever Dr. Dobson or whoever it is. I say, "I'm trying to figure out all these things." There's no searching to his understanding. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He giveth power to the faint, and to them have have no might. He increasth strength. Even the youth shall fail and be weary, and the young men shall utterly fall. But they that wait on the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as eagle and run and not be weary, AND THEY SHALL NOT FAINT. &gt;&gt; Think about that. Amen. You're going through life AND YOU'RE WONDERING, "OH, LORD, I I JUST DON'T KNOW. I I YOU KNOW, I YOU KNOW, I JUST DO IT GOD'S WAY BY THE WORD." &gt;&gt; YEAH. &gt;&gt; TAKE GOD BY HIS WORD. I UNDERSTAND THE SHIP MIGHT GET THE THE SHIP MIGHT GET A LITTLE BIT SIDEWAYS. I UNDERSTAND THE FIRE MIGHT BE HOT. AMEN. BUT BUT YET GOD'S WORD WILL PREVAIL. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; YES, SIR. &gt;&gt; I like here in the in here in the message, the eagle stir his nest, it says, now again, we were talking about those that had been in church a while, we'll call them veterans. And those that have been those that have are backsliding, that have just come to the Lord. This is another thing about the eagle is the eagle renews his youth, renews his strength, his youth. That represents the church again because a man could be backsliden away from God and you put him in good revival somewhere and it renews his covenant. It renews his youth and he comes back to God and just feels like he's all washed up and ready to go again. That's the way the eagle does the the or he gets old and his habits and these things begin to fail and he can't see no more and all of a sudden something begins to happen again and he begins to be a new bird another place here and letting off of the pressure this old eagle he gets a crust over his face and he heard when he gets old he can't hardly eat or he gets poor his mouth won't open right he gets almost blinded and when he crust gets up in a certain spot over his head they say uh he flies eyes up way in the air and he sits there and he beats his head against a rock, knocking the crust off of it if he can. And he rolls his eyes and he he looks back and he beats the crust and oh, it must come off. It'll it'll it's got to come off if I don't. There's no other way. He beats it until the crust come off. And when he beats it off the rock until he crust comes off of it, then he screams and he throws his wings back and forth and rejoices because he's know he's going to get new feathers. He's going to get his vitamins again. He's going to renew his youth. And and I thought, what a wonderful thing that is to the to the believer. Amen. God types you as the as the ego. That's not because Amen. of that's not because that that you're something or not something that you you know God's just a metaphor but yet he's using that as a type because every believer that's right here in this church underneath the voice and can be renewed by the washing of the water by the word and that's what God desires here. Amen. Is he desires amen the word to come and to be able TO SCRUB AWAY ALL THE SIDE EFFECTS of this world. Amen. that that keeps on us and drags us down that keeps us away from prayer and it keeps us away from a clean life living before him. What we have to do and and in another place uh uh brother Brandham he sits there and he talks about a stuff called Clorox there and hiding himself in simplicity. It says they manufactured a stuff called bleach. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Now, now we're talking about a cleansing, but they manufacture this stuff called bleach. He says, "And you women use it. It's a Clorox. Now, I've got a tub of Clorox sitting here. And if I drop ink into a bucket of Clorox, now find your color." What happened to it? What happens? The first thing it did, it hit the water. It hit the Clorox. The chemical was so great till it sent it all the way back. You can't see it's the fumes of it or nothing else. And it'll never be no more because it's turned back to the original place of where it comes from. And now that's exactly what the blood of Christ does to sin. The blood of Jesus Christ. confess your sins upon the blood of Jesus Christ and it emits and it puts the sea uh put in the sea of God's forgetfulness and it is remembered no more against you at all &gt;&gt; the blood &gt;&gt; never loses its power &gt;&gt; as our musicians come It's the Clorox. The word is the agent, the cleansing agent for all of our needs here this evening, this morning. For every need that we'd have in the struggles or the things of life that we seem to be going through, God has made a remedy. &gt;&gt; God has made an ability for us to be able to lean to him. I like to look at this asp gentle sat as I be was thinking about this and about how God has a Clorox and when you take that Clorox first in order in order to see what's underneath the stain the stain has to be removed. moved and all of us come to a place in our walk with the Lord where there have where there's things that get in the way. There's situations that might have occurred to make you act or think a certain way or you might be going through life and it just seems to be just a a drag and it just seems to be like you just can't be getting anything. You know what? Just like Nathan, the word provided the remedy. But are we willing to do what the word prescribes? &gt;&gt; You say, "Well, brother Michael, I I mean, I'm I'm looking for this to happen or I'm looking for that to happen." If God's calling you to move, calling you to do something, maybe he needs you to get in line in order for him to work. Maybe he needs you. You know, being a being a a believer is just the beginning, but he needs you to step into place. He needs your sons to step into place so he can work through you because he's not working just through a sanctification message. That's we could we could lean to the place where we're where we're just like, "Oh, just the Lord keep cleansing me. Keep cleansing my sins. Keep cleansing." It's just not a repetitable repetitual motion of just Lord just come in cleanse my Lord change who I am. &gt;&gt; Take that blood and let it wipe over me so it can reveal what I am. Kind of like when you clean a window. It's got a fog and you can't really see. All you see is a reflection or something. You just take it and you wipe it off and all of a sudden you could see through it. That's what you want God to do. You just don't want to just be cleansed. But you want a purpose. &gt;&gt; You want a purpose for being cleansed. And that's to exhibit the word for today. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And at this time through a revealed word. There's no other time that the that that God's perfect purpose can't be brought to light in our community. Now, if you're into that place and you're like, "Lord, maybe I need to trim my lamp here this morning or Well Lord, you know what? I just need a good oldfashioned cleansing of your presence. The Lord is here. He's just as real. &gt;&gt; Just as real as his healing power as he was then, he is today. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Kobe pass. Pass me not. Oh, pass me now. &gt;&gt; Oh, gentle my cry. Oh, brothers thou are calling. Do not pass me by. &gt;&gt; I'm cry crying saveavior. Won't you hear my cry? Oh, all others thou holy, &gt;&gt; holy, do not pass me by. Let me be at thy throne of mercy. &gt;&gt; To find us release In deep contrition &gt;&gt; contrition help I am singing it together. Are you saveior? Savior, &gt;&gt; won't you hear my &gt;&gt; hear my humble cry of holy do not pass by. &gt;&gt; Amen. A clean heart. and renew a right spirit within me. Create in me a clean heart. Oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. Cast me not away from thy presence, &gt;&gt; oh Lord. Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; Take not thy Holy Spirit from me. Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation and renew arise spirit within me. Is that your prayer? &gt;&gt; Created me. &gt;&gt; Created me. Granted, Lord, oh God, &gt;&gt; and renew a right spirit within me. Cast me not away. &gt;&gt; And cast me not away from my presence. Oh God, &gt;&gt; take not the Holy Spirit from me. Restore to me for the joy of my salation &gt;&gt; and renew spirit within me. Yes. &gt;&gt; Amen. You love him here this this morning. Sometimes the idea is not just or sometimes the idea is just getting passed. Yes, he's a cleanser. And yes, we need cleansing, but his word, the same word that washes us is a revealing. And we just don't want to use God as some type of just detergent when things get bad. But we want to take God and thank him for revealing who you are. And Lord, cleanse me with this word. &gt;&gt; Cleanse me to make me more like you. And don't let me be like the world. Let me be transformed by your word. And that's what the idea is. The whole idea we come to church is, you know, I believe it was brother Merl that was talking about it before we' come out here is is not us to come and criticize the word, but it's the word to come chip and criticize your life. And if you don't like that, at least Charlie Kirk said it. But you know, God's been good to every one of us. &gt;&gt; And it's up to us to run efficiently to the Lord. And that's the only way to do it is just to ooze out all that bad stuff that is in us and to ooze out all the things that the world has clinged on to us. You can take God's word and it'll cut away every situation. It'll cut away everything that you need. Amen. As we get ready to dismiss. Amen. As our brothers get ready to dismiss us, Kobe, we need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. I need you, Lord. &gt;&gt; I need you, Lord. Right now. &gt;&gt; I lift up my hands. Yes, Lord. I bow my knees and worship God your &gt;&gt; I need you Lord. I need &gt;&gt; I need you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Right now. &gt;&gt; That's it. &gt;&gt; I need you, Lord. Do you need him here this morning? &gt;&gt; Lord, right now. &gt;&gt; Is he more &gt;&gt; Is he more important? &gt;&gt; I need you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Is he more important than what you're going through? &gt;&gt; I need you, Lord, right now. &gt;&gt; He's here. &gt;&gt; The Lord's here. &gt;&gt; I lift my &gt;&gt; But are you here? Are you in the service by your throne? I need you. &gt;&gt; I need you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. &gt;&gt; I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. I lift my hand. I bow my knees in worship at your throne. I need you, Lord. Yes, I need you, Lord, right now. Okay, we just lift a hand and sing it now. Make it your prayer. I need I need you, Lord. &gt;&gt; I need you every day. right now. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. Right now. I lift my head. I bow my knees in worship at your throne. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Who is like you, Lord, in all the earth? Match love and beauty in this world. &gt;&gt; Nothing in this world can satisfy. &gt;&gt; Jesus, you're the cup that won't run dry. Your presence, your praise. It's heaven. It's heaven to me. &gt;&gt; Your presence is heaven to me. Treasure of my heart. Treasure of my heart and of my soul. In my weakness, in my weakness, you are merciful. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Redeemer of my past and present wrong. &gt;&gt; You're the holder. You're the holder of my future to come. &gt;&gt; Your presence, your presence, &gt;&gt; it's heaven. ever to me. &gt;&gt; Your presence, your presence, it's
