################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-21 - 2025-05-21 Bro Wendall Martin The Church Age Book #40 The God of Force - Wendall Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-21
Title:    2025-05-21 Bro Wendall Martin "The Church Age Book #40 The God of Force"
Speaker:  Wendall Martin
Church:   New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 40m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=24IDdraAoHE
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
There is no sorrow so deep that he can not soo it. Let it He carried the weight of the world upon his shoulders. [Music] I know my brother that he will carry you. [Music] And he carried the weight of the world upon his [Music] shoulders. Then I know my sister that he will car you. [Music] upon his [Music] should I know my sister that he will car [Music] You will [Music] never fail. [Music] He will never fail. I trust in God. My savior, the one who will never [Music] fail. He will never fail. Perfect [Music] submission. All is at rest. Author of tomorrow has ordered my [Music] step. This is my story. This is my song. [Music] Praising my ris king and savior all the day long. Cuz I trust in God my savior. [Music] You will never [Music] fail. He will never fail. I trust in God, my savior. The one who will never fail. He will never [Music] fail. My God is awome. He can move the mountains, keeps me in the valley, hides me from the rain. My God is awesome, yields me when I'm broken, strength where I am weak, forever he will reign. My God is awesome. My God is awesome. Oh, awome. He is awome. Can we go up again to G? Awesome. He's awome. Savior of the whole world. Giver of salvation. By his stripes I'm healed. My God is awome today. I am forgi. His grace is why I'm living. Praise his holy name. Oh my God is awesome. Oh awome. He is awome. Oh, [Music] awesome. Is he awesome here tonight? Amen. Amen. Do we know that song, Sister Keeves? Bless that wonderful name of Jesus. I will bless that wonderful name of Jesus. As we sing this, just turn around and tell them. Tell someone you're happy to see him here tonight. Amen. will bless that wonderful name of Jesus. Oh, now bless that wonderful name of Jesus. Oh, bless that wonderful name of Jesus. There's no other name that I know. Oh, there is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. There's no other name that I know. Oh, there is healing in the name of Jesus. There is healing in the name of Jesus. There is healing in the name of Jesus. There's no other name I know. Wilson tonight. Bless that wonderful name of Jesus. Oh, bless that wonderful name of Jesus. Bless that wonderful name of Jesus. There's no other name that I know. Oh, there's power power. Want to work power? Work in power. It's in the blood. Oh, of the lamb. Oh, there is power, power, wonder, working power. It's in the precious blood of the lamb. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power. In the preious blood of the lamb. Oh, there is power, power, wonder work. Oh, it's in the blood. Oh, of the lamb. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power. in the preious blood of the lamb. Do you believe that tonight? Amen. Do you believe there's power? Can we try that song? We're going to try a new song when y'all here tonight. C minor, right? Starts in C minor. I just wanna pour I just wanna pour my praise on you. I just want to [Applause] pour I just want to pour my Sing that with me now. Oh, I just want to [Applause] pour. I just want to pour my praise on you. I just want to pray. I just sing that again. My praise on you. Oh, I just want to [Applause] pour. I just want to pour. He goes from the six to the one there. Oh, I just want to s Yeah. Pour. I just want to pour. That second part now. Oh, you've been better to me than I could ever, ever, ever repay. All that I want, I want to do. I just want to pour my praise first now. I just want to [Applause] pour I just want to pour my praise on you. I just want to [Applause] pour. I just want to pour. Can we do that second part now? Cuz you've been better to me than I could ever ever ever repay. All that I want, I want to do. I just want to pour my brain on you. I just want to [Applause] pray. I just want to pour my praise on you. I just want to pray. I just want to Why do we want to do that tonight? Cuz you've been better. Cuz you've been better to me than I could ever ever ever repay. All that I want. I want to do. I just want to pour. Sing that again now. Cuz you've been you've been better to me than I could ever ever repay. All that I want. I want to do. I just want to pour. Sing it one more time now. I just want to pour. Will. I just want to pour my praise on you. I just want to praise. I just want to pour. Cuz you've been better cuz you been better. Yes, he has. Than I could ever ever ever repay. All that I want I want to do. I just want to pull one more time now. because you been been paid to me. Yes, you have, Lord. I would ever ever ever repay. All that I want, I want to do. I just want to pull my prayer on you. Hallelujah. Is that the way you feel tonight? Amen. He has been better better to me than I could ever repay. Amen. Amen. Can we go up to G? Wherever I go, I'll praise him. Whenever I can, I'll praise him for his love. It surrounds me like a sea. I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up that holy name of Jesus. For that name we go up of Jesus lifting me wherever I go. I'll praise him whenever I can. I'll praise him for his love. It surrounds me like a sea. Thank you, Lord. I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up that holy name of Jesus. For that name, name of Jesus lifted me. One more time. Oh, wherever I go, I'll praise him whenever I can. I'll praise him for his love. It surrounds me like a sea. I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up that holy name of Jesus. For the name name of Jesus lifted me. sings my soul, my senior thou as the man of God comes to thee. Thank you, Lord. Oh, how great thou [Music] are. How great thou are. Thank you Lord. Then sings my soul my s your God to [Music] thee. How great thou art. How great thou art. Can we just lift a hand and sing it from the heart now? Then sing my soul. Thank you, Lord, my savior, your God, to thee. He's worthy of our praise tonight. How great thou art. [Music] How great thou [Music] w my soul. Yes Lord my savior God to thee. Oh my. How great how great thou art. How great [Music] are [Music] my toe? [Music] How great [Music] thior to thee. [Music] How great thou are. How great thou. Amen. Amen. How great thou art. And truly, he is so good to us here tonight. We could never really fathom, I think, in these bodies how good God has been. I know we love him. We love him dearly. But have you ever really thought how wonderful it's going to be the day that these you drop off this old carnal nature, the old mind, be able to love him like you really want to love him. express your love to him like you really want to express. I think it's a wonderful thing. And um that's what we're preparing for, you know, preparing to meet the Lord. And so we want to say good evening. Good to see everyone here in the house of the Lord tonight. And um Amen. We sure uh are glad to see everyone. I'd like to look here this evening in the book of um Revelations and um we will we'll see here uh Revelations the 17th chapter and um just read a few uh verses here. Um, so we're we're glad to hear that Sister Angie's um that the tumor on on Sister Angie's u gallbladder was not cancerous. So we thank the Lord for that. And then I just I think I read that um on that biopsy for brother Jimmy that that wasn't cancerous. And so man, that's just we're so thankful to the Lord for that. And um if it was cancerous, then we just believe the Lord to to heal. But uh we're just we're just glad to hear that it's not cancerous at all. So this is this is really good good to see dad with us here today. And uh Amen. missed you on Sunday. So good good to have him here tonight. Let's look here at um uh there at Revelation 17. And uh we'll just start at the first verse. And there came one of the seven angels with which had the seven vials and talked with me, saying unto me, come hither. I will show unto thee the judgment of the great that sitth upon many waters, and with whom the kings of the earth have committed fornication, and inh the inhabitants of the earth have been made drunk with the wine of her fornication. So he carried me away in the spirit unto the wilderness. And you know, all of these little symbols mean a lot. The great We we're going to find out that it's a it's a a great city. It's the church, many waters. It's nations, multitudes, wilderness, confusion, bottom, uh no no foundation to her religion. And I saw a woman sit upon a scarlet colored beast full of names of blasphemy, having seven heads and tin horns. And the woman was arrayed in purple and scarlet color and decked with gold and precious stones and pearls, having a golden cup in her hand full of abominations and filthiness of her fornication. And upon her forehead was a name written, Mystery Babylon the Great, the mother of harlots, an abomination of the earth. I saw the woman drunken with the blood of the saints, and with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus. When I saw her, I wondered with great admiration. And the angel said unto me, "Wherefore did thou marvel?" And I will tell thee the mystery of the woman, and of the beast that carth her, which hath seven heads, and 10 horns. The beast that thou sawest was, and is not, shall ascend out of the bottomless pit, and go into predition. They that dwell on the earth shall worship whose names were not written in the book of life from the foundation of the world. When they behold the beast that was and is and yet is is not and yet is. Here is the mind which hath wisdom. The seven heads are seven mountains on which the woman sits. And there are seven kings, five are fallen. One is, the other is not yet come. And when he cometh, he must continue a short space. And just just that little portion right there, if you if you think about Rome, uh the five five kings had fallen. Neero was there uh when when he was um g given the prophecy. And then the one that came right after Nero, uh he he only he was only emperor for like uh nine months. Isn't Isn't that just amazing? And then it but then it goes on to the it says and the beast that was is not even he is the eighth and is of the seven and goeth into predition. And the 10 horns which thou sawest are 10 kings which have received no kingdom as yet but receive power as kings one hour with the beast. These have one mind and shall give their power and strength unto the beast. And these shall make war with the Lamb, and the Lamb shall overcome them, for he is the Lord of Lords and King of Kings, and they that are with him are called chosen and faithful. Can I hear an amen? Amen. And he said unto me, the waters which thou sawest, where the sits, are people, multitudes, nations, and tongues. and the t horns that thou sawest upon the beast. These shall hate the and shall make her desolate and naked, and shall eat her flesh, and burn her with fire. For God hath put in their hearts to fulfill his will, to agree to give their kingdom unto the beast, until the words of God be fulfilled. And the woman which thou sawest, is that great city, which reignth over the kings of the earth. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Father, we want to thank you for all of your goodness. How good you are to us, Lord. We thank you for always loving us and always causing your grace, Lord, to Lord, to uh be extended to your bride. And Father, we never want to do anything, Lord, that would hurt you. We ask Lord that you would take away all of our sins and our wrongs and forgive us of that and that you would Lord wash us with your blood and prepare us for your soon return. Now, Father, we thank you for keeping your hands upon Sister Angie and Brother Jimmy, Lord, and thankful to hear that there's no cancer. And we're just believing that you're going to touch and and that you're going to move in every other situation in both of their lives. Lord, we thank you for it. Now, help us tonight is our prayer in Jesus name. Can the church say amen? And amen. God bless you here tonight. Amen. So, we um are are going to uh be reading some from the church age book, a few places in the church age book. Um and um the um but we're going to minister here this evening uh for a few moments on the God of force. And um we we can see clearly that um we are we are in the closing minutes of history. We are really close to the coming of the Lord. And um and and we understand amen that the words for these for today right before the coming of the Lord there was two words that were going to be used a lot before the Lord come right right at the coming of the Lord. Peace and safety. Amen. That's the apostle Paul said there in in um 1 Thessalonians the 5th chapter and the first verse he says of the times and seasons I have no need to write unto you for you you have uh the second verse now um amen for yourselves know perfectly that the day of the Lord cometh as a thief in the night. And let's go to the we'll read a couple more. And when they shall say, "Peace and safety, sudden destruction shall come as travail upon a woman with child." So when we when we start hearing when we hear peace and safety and and of course we understand that President Trump is working to to he campaigned on law and order, man. And um he um you know uh President Trump is cut from a different mold and and I I believe that he is that God has put him here for this portion of time. He has anointed him uh for for this portion of history. He President Trump is tireless, relentless. Amen. He's focused and determined and um he's probably one of the most different president of any other president around. And the odds have been against President Trump from um from from the start as far as uh him coming in and and um uh as president the first time and then coming back. you know, he's known as the the comeback kid of presidents in politics and u but he he perseveres and always comes on top. I I personally feel like this is that he very much plays a part of history. I'm not one that that pretends to be a po a prophet and know knows exactly how things are going to go, but I I I can see Amen. Um I can see Revelations 13 really coming into play here. And and brother Brandham, I'm we're fixing to read here in in the church age book. um what brother Brandham thinks will uh or as he is sharing you know the prophetic view but uh President Trump is is very eager to show the world that that the the US is is is is back and we're back greater than ever before. We've got strength. We're a superpower. Amen. And we're going to let the world know that listen, you can't put one on us anymore. We are a superpower and all we have to do Amen. Even in the tariffs, we're going to raise these tariffs and we're going to we're going to show that you're going to come bowing to us. You you're going to you're you we are still the superpower. And um if you all if your countries want to uh uh succeed, then you're going to have to do what we're asking you to do. Amen. we want you're going to start paying your fair share. And um and so we we can we can see how that the beast of Revelations 13, Amen. And the the he gave the power that beast of Revelations 13 USA gave the power to the to to Rome. And so we can we can see how this is how this is beginning to play out. And remember, Amen. There his uh the philosophy today is peace and safety comes through strength uh here at home and abroad. We're securing our borders. We're we're taking out the violent criminals. We're amen uh uh trying to win peace in with the and make friends uh win friends and make peace in the middle Middle East and foster peace between the Arab nations and Israel. I mean all of this stuff is is going on at the same time and even trying to broker a deal uh between Russia and and Ukraine and bring peace in the region. And so we we understand that the United States will seal the deal. Now, that's prophecy. And I and I think it's I think it's important for us to really understand where we're at. Amen. Who has the sway in the world? It's the United States. Amen. Who puts up the most funds in the United Nations? The USA. Who is the largest shareholder in the World Bank? The USA. Amen. And the USA has significant influence in that world bank. Who is the largest contributor to the international monetary funds? The United States. Amen. So, and the United States has the has the largest voting block uh in that organization, the International Monetary Funds. So we can see how that the mark of the beast is is is setting up and we have got us a president that that is ready. Amen. To to help usher in the peace for for the world. And so to me, this is something for you, you and and and and me to just raise, lift up our head and start rejoicing because I don't think we've ever been this close in history to the coming of the Lord Jesus. Amen. And so we can see, and then on the spiritual side, who who singlehandedly missionaries the world? It's the United States. So whatever whatever uh we come up with around here is going to go and and be broadcast uh around the the country. Now I think it's also something and you know again uh I I I' I've just been thinking along these lines and I thought you know I'm just going to come and just sort of share my thoughts since it's a Wednesday night and I won't keep you too long but I think these are interesting. um the the zealousness of President Trump. Amen. To fight for the Christians and um Amen. He he's he has been quoted. He has he has said we must bring religion back to the United States. We've got to bring it back. And so he has established he has established the religious liberty commission. He has established the uh white house uh faith office. He has established the task force to eradicate anti-Christian bias. And so we can we can see how that Amen. when you look at these things here, if you remember Constantine, you remember that Constantine uh came to he was actually a pro-ch Christian. He was actually a pro-Christian emperor that the Christians were being slaughtered by the pagans. It wasn't the Christians slaughtering or the Catholic Church slaughtering the Christians. It was the pagans slaughtering the Christians. And so it was that emperor that stood up and said, "Hey, amen. Uh we need to give the Christians their freedom." And so then Constantine began to he didn't he he didn't see the difference between church and state. And so he was he was saying that hey the state is the greatest friend to the church. And so then he began to enact the laws and give them churches and give them uh things of that nature which actually ended up bringing everyone together or every everyone for a while. But the elect began to understand that the uh that that Rome was trying to rule the church. And so they pulled back out. Amen. They they pulled back out, the elect. And when they pulled back out, then the church, the Catholic Church begin to call these the elect heretics. And when they called them heretics and would not go along with Constantine and and the great move, Christian move that they had. Amen. Then they they begin to slaughter them. And we understand history. Uh 68 million Christians were killed from the pagan church against the elect of God. So you can see how it was it was a good thought. Amen. Constantine was had a had a good thought. He was trying to help the Christians from the pagans killing them. But it ended up amen with as of course he he wasn't a Christian. Well, he don't know anything about the Bible. He don't Amen. but he just thought it was good to have a good Christian organization, you know, and bring it together. And so when we see these things here, then it makes us it makes us rejoice because we see uh what is taking place. Brother Brandham would say before we get into the church age book, he would say, I believe one of these glorious days when this United Confederation of Churches uh or Confederation of Church goes together and the new pope is brought out of the United States and put over there according to prophecy. Then they'll form an image unto the beast. And I tell you, the true church of God will be drove together. Now, that I understand that this is going around everywhere because we do have Amen. This was back in 1959, I believe it was, or 54 when brother Brandham had said that. And and and now here we are in in 2025. And um man, we have got we have got us a pope uh that or that came out of the United States. And so um so we we look at this and and we we can see scriptures coming to pass. We see that we have got a leader in the the the United States that there has been nothing be able that has been able to stop him. He's very persuasive. I can see Rome wanting to make peace and and really wanting to do something. I can see both of these men working together and and trying to come up with a solution for the world. Doesn't that just make you feel really good that God has got something that he is doing? Amen. Now, now remember, Amen. when this when this time comes, when this union comes, um, what shall we do with this Christ? 63. Brother Brandham says, notice when the world council comes together, what what will we do with this Jesus called Christ? They certainly don't want nothing to do with him with it. So, there is only one thing to do. Exactly what they did then. They'll crucify it. Certainly, they'll shut it up. Now, I want us to I want us to look here because the church today, and you can be turning in your church age books to page 236, but but the church today, the people today are so naive because the church just looks so uh the Catholic church just looks so uh they're just like a doty grandpa. Amen. And just these guys just look so cute and so innocent and so loving. And when you see all of these things, they just look like an archaic church. But these guys have power and influence with the whole world. With the whole world. If you guys looked or if you guys went and and and and and just looked at all of the dignitaries that that showed up uh to to to the inauguration of this new pope, the world leaders, there was representatives uh uh uh Vice President Vance was there. Uh Rubio was there. We there was there was a delegation from the United States. We're talking about for a church. We're talking about this is this is religious. This is just but but he come and and Macron came from uh whatever country he's from. I can't think of it right now. Uh yeah, France. And then we've got we had all of these world leaders all coming in and paying their respect to the to to to this new pope. You Hallelujah. I guarantee you I I don't know of I don't even know of one of the Pentecostal or charismatic megaurches you know when one's installed there if anyone from around the world would show up for that. I am saying that Rome still has well they are the largest denomination and they still have a big influence upon this earth right and the rest of the world is just looking at them as a religion gone by archaic they're but I'm telling you amen they are going to come there's going to be the mark of the beast we're fixing to read it here in a minute amen where you're not going to be able to buy or sell. You're not going to be able to do anything unless you take the mark of that beast. And friends, we are here today. And they're going to be doing it. Amen. Under the opus of safety and peace. They want peace and safety. They're wanting to bring they're wanting to make the world religious. Religious people are typically good. Amen. They don't go around killing. They don't go around stealing. Religious people are good people. I don't care what you are. Amen. Whether whether you're unless you're a Muslim, but uh you know whether you're a Buddhist or whether you're whatever you are, but even the Muslims, the good Muslims want to do what's good according to, you know, what they what they have learned. So the the the the deal is they're wanting to bring everybody under that religion. Let's make the world good. Amen. And and and and you okay, you can believe yours. You can believe what you want to believe. You can believe we can all believe and come under. Amen. And we'll just Hey, who's got who who's got the most uh uh credibility to them here? here. The Catholic Church has been around all of this time. Amen. And and we're going to build an image unto this Catholic Church and say that you're got you've got to belong to this world council of churches or you won't be able to buy, sell, import, export. And so here, listen friends, I I can I if if we are truly this close, brother. Oh, how we should love the Lord with all of our heart. We have got the president that just went over uh uh among those Middle Eastern countries and making deals like they've been making. I say, "Oh, God." Amen. Let's let us let us go. Can you say amen? Let let's look here at at at uh page 236 and um and we'll read a couple of uh pages here. Now, he just read, if you were to he just read there in Revelations the entire 13th chapter. We're not going to read that entire 13th chapter uh because he's going to deal with it as on these next couple pages. So we're So he just got through reading the entire 13th chapter. Again, re the United States, 13 colonies, 13 stripes, 13 and here, Revelations 13, the United States is involved. There's there's two beasts that came up. One was Rome, one was the USA. Amen. He said, now this chapter shows the power of the Roman Catholic Church and what she will do through organization. Remember this is the false d vine. Let it name the name of the Lord, but it does only in a lie. Its headship is not of the Lord, but of Satan. It finally ends up identified with the beast. The horror writing on the scarlet beast distinctly shows her power is the god of force, Satan, and not our god, the Lord Jesus Christ. So when you look there at that Rome church, when you look there at those that nice that nice old man that they call Pope, I want you to remember Satan is fixing to incarnate a man on this earth. It ain't going to be it ain't going to be Donald Trump. Donald Trump is not the antichrist, but Donald Trump could very well that that that that power of force is going to be it's an anointing. It's going to be on the earth at that time. The USA is going to convince the world to join with that wi with the Hallelujah. Amen. And it will be a god of force. Now in verse 17, it it emphatically shows that she will gain absolute control of the commerce of the earth. For no man can buy or sell apart from her. Isn't that a I I'm just I'm just saying here the USA is making all kinds of deals right now. Amen. They for no man can buy or sell apart from her. This is borne out in Revelations 18 9 through uh 9-17 which shows her involvement with kings, princes, merchants, all of whom have to do with Rome and commerce. Amen. And again, we just seen a bunch of that didn't just in this last month. Revelations 13:14, we learned that the beast spreads his influence through the image that was built for him. Who's building the image? It's the USA. Amen. That's that other beast. The image that is made is a worldwide ecumenical council wherein all the organized churches will get together with Roman Catholics. They're doing it even now. It is quite possible this union will come in order to stop the power of communism. But since communism like Nebuchadnezzar has been raised up to burn the flesh of the harlot, the Rome will be overcome and destroyed. Take note that everywhere the Roman church went, communism followed. It has to be that way. And let me warn you now, don't get thinking communism is your only enemy. No sir, it is the Catholic Church also and even more so. Now, let us read Revelations 1-4 and compare this with uh Revelations 12 1-5. Revelations 13 1-4 I saw upon the sand of the sea uh I stood upon the sand of the sea and saw a beast rise up out of the sea having seven heads and 10 horns upon his horns 10 crowns upon his uh upon his heads the name of blasphemy. The beast which I saw was like unto a leopard and he had feet as the feet of a bear. mouth as the mouth of a lion, and the dragon gave him his power, his seat, and great authority. I saw one of his heads as it were wounded to death, and his deadly wound was healed, and all the world wandered after the beast. And they worshiped the dragon, which gave power unto the beast. And they worshiped the beast, saying, Who is like unto the beast? Who is able to make war with him? Now, this this is this is the beast. We're not going to go through the symbols. We've we've already gone through that many times. But now, Brother Brandham is going to show. Okay. Now, watch the beast. The symbols there with the beast. And now he's want us to look at Revelations 12:1. And he'll see that it's the same characteristics of the dragon, the devil. And there appeared a great wonder in heaven, a woman clothed with a sun, and the moon under her feet, and upon her head a crown of 12 stars. And she, being with child, cried, travailing in birth, and pain together. And there appeared another wonder in heaven. Behold, a great red dragon, having seven heads, 10 horns, seven crowns upon his head. that and that that same spirit that's the spirit that is anointing Rome now and is tell the third part of the stars of heaven and did cast them to the earth. The dragon stood before the woman which was ready to be delivered for to deliver her child as soon as it was born. And she brought forth a manchild who was to rule all nations with a rod of iron. Her child was caught up into the Lord or or unto God and to his throne. Satan and his satanic religion are in both of these beasts. In Revelations 14, the beast was wounded unto death, but lived again. Is the imperial Rome, a pagan Rome, that fell to the onslaught of the barbarians and thereby lost her temporal power. But she regained it at in papal Rome. Do you see it? The nation that ruled by crushing all which became the strongest empire ever known was finally wounded to death. Her power was gone physically as to control by armies etc. But under Constantine she came back to life for papal Rome has infiltrated the whole earth world. Her power is absolute. She uses kings and merchants and in her deadly religious and financial strength. She is governing as the goddess at this of this present age. She is also the dragon that stood waiting to devour the manchild. Herod tried to kill the Lord Jesus and failed. Later Jesus was crucified by Roman soldiers but now was caught up to the throne. Now along with what I have just said, recall the vision of Daniel. The last part of the image, the last world power was in the feet. It was iron and clay. And see the iron is mixed or see the iron is the Roman Empire. But now it is no longer solid iron. Clay is mixed in it. Yet it is it is there and running world affairs in both democratic the democratic nation and the more despotic ones. The Roman church is in every nation. It is mixed up in it all. Let me give you a little something on the iron and clay. Remember when Kruef beat his shoe on the desk at the UN? Well, there were five Eastern nations there and five Western. Cruchef spoke for the east, President Eisenhower for the West. In Russia, Cruchef is clay, Eisenhower is iron. The two main leaders of the world, the two big toes of the feet of iron and clay were side by side were in the end of it all. So, we're not looking for something to start that all that was that was a sign that showed it way back then what age we were living in. You understand that? It took a prophet to say, "Okay, that has already taken place." Now, don't get laxed. Don't get laxed. Get ready. Amen. And understand where you're at. So, I'm glad for a prophet. It says in in verse four, it asks, "Who is able to make war with the beast?" Now, there are at present some great names in the world. There are some mighty nations. But right now, Rome is calling the shots, calling the tune. The pope is in the driver's seat. His power is going to increase. No one can war against him. Verse six, he opens his mouth in blasphemy, teaching for the doctrine the commandments of men, heady, high-minded, levers of pleasure, having a form of godliness, denying the power thereof. He blasphemed the name of the Lord, changing the name to titles, and refusing to do otherwise. Verse seven. And it was given to him to make war with the saints. Persecution, death to the true believer, all in the name of the Lord Jesus or in the name of the Lord in order uh that the name of God be blasphemed even as as it is in Russia because of of the Catholic religion what the Catholic religion did there. Verse eight, all that dwell upon the earth whose names are not written in the book of life uh of the lamb slain from the foundation of the world shall worship him. Thank God the sheep will not worship him. Everyone but the very elect will be deceived. They will but they will not be deceived for they hear the shepherd's voice and they follow him. Now then we see this what we have been what we have been trying to show you. The seed of death that started in the first age, the seed of organization has finally grown into the tree in which every foul bird is lodged. In spite of her claim that she is giver of life, she is the giver of death. Her fruit is death. That they that partake of her are dead. the mighty world church system that fools uh the world that in her physical and spiritual salvation deceives and destroys the multitudes. Now only but not only is she uh death personified but this is the death carrying creature but this death carrying creature will be itself put to death and uh with the death of which is in the lake of fire. Oh, that men would perceive what their end will be by remaining in her. Come out of her for for why will ye die? Can you say amen? And so we so we can see here that it is a god of force. Amen. It's it's it's a God of force. Now, there's a lot of folks that are that are talking about Russia and China right now. And it's and it's incredible how Russia and China are are are are coming together and um um there's a lot of but but brother Brandham Brother Brandham would say amen uh in conference he says listen thus saith the Lord repent I predict three curtains in the name of the Lord there's one called the iron curtain which will be Russia watch red China that'll be the bamboo curtain. They're horrible. But watch that purple curtain that's rising in the United States and over the world, the Roman Empire, the crulest of them all. Remember, in the name of the Lord, get away from it. Come away from anything that is attached to it. Flee to the rock, for the coming of the Lord is at hand. He would also say, Amen. And he says the confederation of churches which will form the image of the beast. We all know that. He says and there it is all working right around to bring all the churches together, unite ourselves together to fight communism. Don't you worry about communism. It ain't going to be the thing to fight. There's the three curtains. I say this in the name of the Lord. Don't you forget there is the iron curtain, Russia. Bamboo curtain, China. A purple curtain, Rome. Watch the purple curtain. Keep your eye on that. He says, uh, he says, he says, "What's the matter with the preachers today? Communism. Every preacher is out here trying to fight communism." Communism, nothing. The thing, the devil is weaving it right under your nose and you don't know it. It's Romanism, denominationalism. Rome is the mother of denominations. The Bible said she was a and her daughters are harlots against God and his word. So, we can see that these things are here. Now, now it's it's important to note that these that these communist nations have got to come. They they have got to come because they're going to play a big role. um in in the in in the uh in taking out the Amen. These these nations, these these um these kings are going to uh they're going to burn Rome. Amen. Now, now, Brother Brandham would tell us that we're not just to ignore Russia because Russia is is uh will will play that big part. He says, remember the third vision? He said the third vision in the seven visions. He says the third vision was in the realm of of the world of politics. For it showed me that there would be three isms. Nazi uh uh fascism, Nazism and communism, but that the first two would be swallowed up into the third. The the voice said, "Mishe, watch Russia. Watch Russia. Keep your eyes on the king of the north." Amen. So, so why are are we to watch Russia? Because Russia is going to be the one that destroys the Vatican where where they are now. I now again here we are. We've got these communistic countries all coming together. Amen. They're they're they're they're come they're even Russia and China is is even is is even uh making deals with the other uh Arab nations. So, we've got the US make, you know, he they Trump went through three of them and uh but Russia is also making deals too with with these other countries. So, here we are. We're we're we're at play. We're back at the world. Russia has just now risen back up in the forefront again. and and we when we look at where we are, we can we can see the the prophecy all coming together and we've even got a pope here in the United States. So, we can see these pieces here and and and if you if you remember Russia is going to drop a bomb on the Vatican city. Amen. going to drop a bomb and she will and and and according to scripture Revelations 18 and8 he says there shall her plagues come in one day death and mourning and famine and she shall be utterly burned with fire for strong is the Lord God who judgeth her 10th verse standing afar for the fear of her torment saying the these are these are all the guys that have that have uh uh uhh uh you know, the kings and the princes and and and and all of the merchants, they're they're all seeing this and they're standing afar. And I don't want to read the whole thing, but you can you you can read it when you get home. But Revelations 18:10, standing afar for the fear of her torment, saying, "Alas, alas, the great city Babylon, the mighty city, for in one hour is thy judgment come." If you go down to Revelations 18:17, for in one hour so great riches is come to not every shipmaster and all the companies and ships and sailors and as many as trade stood a far off. So, so here here we go. Brother Brandon would say, remember I say this is God's prophet. The Russian Empire will drop an atomic bomb of some sort on the Vatican City and destroy her in one hour. Thus saith the Lord. Here we are, friends. Amen. Here we are. I say that this is an incredible season that we're living in. Now, what is going to happen? These kings, these nations are all going to agree. Amen. They're going to agree with her. They're going to give the kingdoms to her for one hour. They're all going to come together. Amen. But then and and and it's going to catch her off guard. It's going to catch that. So, if the deal making is going on, could it be that we actually have some deals going on really soon? Could it be that this is remember when this stuff comes, we won't be here. The rapture is going to be taking place. Can you say amen? Amen. So when we see these things that are taking place, then we lift up our head and and we rejoice be w because God has promised that this would happen. Amen. And he and and it it is coming. God is keeping his word. Amen. All of those guys that says, "Oh, fooy on brother Brandham." Hallelujah. Saying fooy. Yeah. He was I'm telling you, he knew a little bit more. Knows a little bit more than they will ever know. And you know a little bit more than what they'll ever know. That's right. Rome. Ro Rome looked even in brother Brandham's day now. They looked they just looked so peaceful and so nice and so naive. They just look like they're so innocent. But when Brother Brandham wrote the church age book, Amen. there in page 220 and um and I'm I'm just I'm just going to read two pages here to you. Amen. He says uh 2 228 and and we'll start at the second paragraph. It was Constantine's idea to get everyone together, the pagans, nominal Christians, and true Christians. For a while, it looked like he would succeed for the real believers come along to see if they could bring back the ones that had drifted away from the word. But when they saw that they couldn't bring them back into the truth, they were forced to break away from the body political. And then when they did, they were called heretics and persecuted. Let me say right here that we have the very same thing going on right now. People are all coming together. They're writing a Bible that will suit everyone whether it be a Jew, Catholic, or Protestant. They have their own nyan council, but they call it the ecumenical council. And do you know whom all these organizations fight? They fight the true Pentecostals. I don't mean the organization called Pentecostal. I mean the ones who are Pentecostal because they are filled with the Holy Ghost and have the signs and gifts in their midst because they walk in truth. When Ahab married Jezebel for political reasons, he sold his birthight. You join up with a with an organization and you sell your birthright, brother, whether you want to believe it or not, every Protestant group that ever came out and then went back sold their birthright. And when you sell your birthright, you're just like Esau. You can cry and repent all you want, but it won't do you any good. My my. There is only one thing you can do, and that is come out of her, my people. Stop partaking of her sins. Now, if you don't think I'm right, just answer this one question. Can any man living tell me what church or what move of God has ever had revival and come back after she went into organization and and become a denomination? Read your histories. You can't find one. Not even one. It was the midnight hour for Israel when she joined the world and left the spiritual for political. It was the midnight hour in Nya when the church did the same. It is the midnight hour now that the churches are coming together. Now when Ahab married Jezebel, he allowed her to take the state money and erect two houses of worship of of Eardarti and Baal. And the one was erected for Baal was big enough for all Israel to come and and to uh worship. When Constantine and the church married, he gave the church buildings, set up altars and images, and organized the hierarchy that had already been shaping up. When Jezebel got the power of the state behind her, she forced her religion on the people and killed the prophets and priests of God. It got so bad that Elijah, the messenger to his day, thought that he was the only one left. But God had 7,000 more that hadn't bowed the knee to Baal. And right now out there among those denominations of Baptist, Methodist, Presbyterians, etc. There are some that will come out and come back to God. I want you to know uh to know I am not now and never have been against the people. It's the organization, the system of organization that I'm against. I have to be against it for God hates it. Now, just let us stop a minute here and rehearse what we brought out about the the worship of Thyra. Uh, let's see here. Amen. I tell you what, we're going to go ahead and skip that on down. And um and um I wanted I want to look at let's let's go to 231 and [Music] 2 and and um so 231 and the second the second paragraph it says let us now go over to Revelation 17 and see this woman the church who was living on false prophecies and not the word of God. In verse one, God calls her the great Why is she a Because she's in idolatry. She's in idolatry. She has caught the people up into the same thing. What's the cure for idolatry? The word of God. So this woman is a because she has left the word. There she is sitting upon many waters, which means multitudes of people. This surely has to be the false church because the church of God is small. Few there be that find it. Notice what she is like in the eyes of God. No matter how wonderful she looks to people, how philosophical she sounds, she is filthy drunk on her fornications. Now she was drunk with the blood of martyrs. Just like Jezebel who killed the prophets and priests and destroyed the people of God who would not bow and worship Baal. And that is exactly what the church, Catholic church did. They killed those who would not bow down to the popish rule. Those who wanted the word of God instead of the words of men were put to death usually by cruel methods by th but this church that dealt in death was dead herself and didn't know it. There was no life in her. No signs ever followed her. Revelations 2021, I gave her a space to repent of her fornication and she repented not. Do you know that this church actually was more wicked than Jacob, than Ahab? Do you know that he repented for a while and walked softly before God? You can't say that of the Roman Catholic Church. No, sir. She has never repented, but stubbornly destroyed any and all who tried to help her repent. That is history. God is God kept raising up not only the messengers through the age, but he raised up wonderful helpers for those messengers. He gave every aid some wonderful men of God and they did everything they could to bring the church back to God. God certainly gave her opportunity and helped to repent. Did she ever repent and show that she did by her fruit? No sir, she never has and she never will. She is drunk. She has lost her senses to spiritual things. Now, don't be confused and start thinking the church of Rome has repented of her slaughter of the saints because she is attempting to unite the Protestants by making her creeds line up with the Protestant creeds. Not once has she ever apologized and said she was wrong for her mass murders. She won't either. And no matter how mellow and sweet she appears at this particular time, she will yet rise to kill. For murder lies in her evil and unrepentant heart. Hallelujah. So when we when when we see here, I just wanted to come I just wanted to show just a just a few things that I have seen as in in the scripture and um uh some things that I thought was I I I thought was was interesting and and if if you remember remember uh sister Kala u Revelations 13 and um I believe it would be nine where it starts talking about the uh about USA. Let's just read that as we get ready to close. But this is um uh okay. So the uh the 10th verse 11th verse and I beheld another beast coming up out of the earth and he had two horns like a lamb and he spake as a dragon. Now like a lamb he was not a lamb. the American buffalo. Amen. Also had the civil and the ecclesiastical horns. It came out of nothingness where there was no previous uh uh uh world power and he exercised all the power of the first beast before him. Now what is that first beast? That is Rome who was anointed by the dragon. And now he he exercises all the power that was before him. And and he causes who's who's going to do the causing? The USA. And causes the earth and them which dwell therein to worship the first beast whose deadly wound was healed. And he doeth great wonders, so that he maketh fire come down from heaven on the earth in the sight of men. Now, brother Brandon would say, "Now, this is the superpower, the atomic bomb. This is this is he has he he is supreme in the world system uh with his with his firepower, his military." All right? And deceiveth them that dwell on the earth by the means of those miracles which he had the power to do in the sight of the beast. sang to them that dwell on the earth, that they should make an image to the beast, which had the wound by a sword, and did live. He had the power to give life unto the image of the beast, and that the image of the beast should both speak. Now, who's got the power? Who's doing the causing? Who's got the power to give life? Who's the USA? And the image of the beast should both speak, and cause that as many as would not worship the beast should be the image of the beast should be killed. And he causeth all both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their hand and in their foreheads, that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark or the name of the beast, or the number of his name. Here is wisdom. He that hath understanding, count the number of the beast, for it is the number of a man, and his number is 600, three score, and six. So, do you see how that we've got we we've got a guy that's that's that's we've got a guy in the USA right now that's got a that's just wielding his sword pretty heavy. all all under the name, amen, of of of the golden age. And and uh Amen. They're trying to pass the big beautiful bill. And you know, we're we're going to have Oh, we're going to I tell you, could this be the time? Could this actually be the time that we're going home? Is this really the time? You say, "Brother Wendle, oh, people have thought it was before." But there will come a time. There was a time when Noah quit preaching it's going to rain. There was a time and he preached it and he preached it and he preached it. Friends, the coming of the Lord is upon us. He's going to come. There will be a rapture. There will be an elect who is ready to go. Let's make sure. Oh, let's make sure. Let's not not out of fear. I mean, there needs to be a godly fear. There there needs we there's there's no fear for for for authority of any kind anymore. And there should be fear for authority. Amen. And and the reason there's no a fear for authority out here is because there's no fear or authority here. the the the the the the source of all authority is God's word. And when you when you throw when the word doesn't mean anything to you and it's then then other things all come into that thing as well. And so we want the word to be our absolute. We won't we don't want to become one of those lawless layans that that is is just amen uh uh doing our own thing but we've got a headship under Jesus Christ and that word must be our everything. Can you say amen? Amen. Isn't God so wonderful? Oh, he's so lovely. So what uh so is there is there anything that anyone wants to add or a question to ask here tonight? Amen. I I just wanted to come and and and bring in some of those things here that we have read in the past and and um u I don't know. I don't know. Someone says, "Well, you know, Francis, he and Trump ain't went very close, and neither is uh and and and neither is Leo." Amen. And uh um did you know, did you know what Leo you know the meaning of Leo? King. King Leo. King. Hallelujah. And the man of sin according to Revelations would set as God when the King of Kings come or there in 1 Thessalonians. Amen. 1 Thessalonians 2. He would he would sat on the throne of God, the temple of God, worshiped his God. And um I don't know. I I I tell you what, it's an exciting time. It's an exciting time. It'd be an exciting time. No more gray hairs. You you that have lost your hair like me and getting gray. Amen. Those that are that are constant that have been fighting with all that's in your bodies and all of these things that are going on, there's coming a time. No more heartaches. No more, oh, let's be ready. Satan is trying his best to make sure you don't make it. He's a deceiver. He's got this whole leota as laxness. It's lukewarmness. It's it's it's neither light nor nor darkness. It's the twilight. And we live in this age and it becomes so twilight and we can say that we believe these things. But if our heart is saying something else, then we fulfill the exact that when Jesus came, you say it with your lips, but your heart is far from me. Oh God, I've been I've been asking the Lord. Oh God, renew my love for you. Amen. As I've been talking a little bit on loving the Lord. Oh, let that love come back. Oh, you say, "Brother Wendle, it's hard." Amen. Well, if it'll give you any any kind of any any kind of understanding. And this was very prophetic when brother Brandham said, "The only love that will even be found on the earth will be found in God's elect." The only love that can be found. Can you imagine? Everyone else is doing it. The the the love that they claim to have is is for their own political gain or their own the it's it's all coming back to me somehow. But the love for God, the love for his word, the love, Amen, to drop attitudes and drop sin and drop these things around us, get out of sin and say, "I want to serve God." Listen, if I have to serve God all by myself, I'm going to serve God. If I if I have to walk, Amen. without my wife, without my children, without my uh pastor, without anybody. If if if all else backslides, I I'm going to walk with God. I want to walk with God. Isn't that your heart's desire? We must make this rapture, friends. We must make this rapture. Amen. Remember the the the the all of the virgins were sleeping. Amen. All of the virgins were sleeping. But there was a but but there was a call coming out. There was a call coming out. Get ready. Prepare. And that's when the foolish and the wise woke up. They woke up. Amen. Saying, "The bridegroom cometh. Oh God." Amen. That voice has come. And that voice was the prophet of Malachi 4. It was Revelations 10:7. That was that voice saying, "Prepare. be ready. Amen. But we don't want to go back to sleep. We're in the very last leg. And what was in that in that vision where where brother in in the masterpiece where brother Brandon was talking about how that the he saw the vision of the of the first church that came around and he says, "I want to show you the church and the church was all just beautiful." He said it wasn't wasn't really a march, but it was two onward Christian soldiers. He says, "But it was it wasn't it was a they were all in unity, unified as they're walking, but it was a graceful woman a a walk." Amen. And they were beautiful and and and and then they went they they went around the corner. And he says, "All right, now I'm going to show you the the the church of the USA." and and and and then all of these naked uh uh uh females, cut hair, makeup on and they were dancing to rock and roll music and and all of that nonsense. And and Brother Brandham got so sick he turned said, "I out of everything that I've done, I I just don't know." And and he he says, "I he was just so discouraged." Amen. And as he watched them, uh, they they went they they they went down. They just went down into abyss. And then and then the angel of the Lord told brother Brandham says, "Hang on, Amen. The church will come in preview again." And when he looked, here come from every nation, every kindred. There were there were there was women coming so graceful, their hair so beautiful. And we know that we represent the bride. Their bride represents us. And and and and and the woman does. And so here they were just beautiful long. And they they were just marching along and they was coming by and they had looked at brother Brandham as as if they they understood who he was. And and as they were coming and then brother Brandham says, but as they were as they were going, Amen. He looked there toward the end and there was there at the end he said there was some that were getting out of step. They were looking down at at the cries. They were looking down at the others and and and they and brother Brandham in the vision, brother Brandham told those people that were at the very end, that's me and you now. He's screaming out, "Get back in line. Get back in line." And the first one went around, but the second one went up into the sky in rapture. Now, that's one of brother Brandham's last visions. Oh, God, help us to make sure that we're in that. Let's not let's not let anything Are you understanding me? Let's make sure. Am I lining up? Is my heart What's my Is my heart constantly on things that you you've got to you've got to you've got to make God your priority now? Amen. Listen, you got to make your wife your priority. You got to make your husband. It's not easy in this in this fast-paced world to to to keep that flame to burning. And where you understand mama and she understands you, how much more with our Lord Jesus Christ, we got to keep that flame to going. Amen. If we're getting lukewarm tonight, I just want to tell you that God's got plenty of blood. He's got plenty of blood to wash you and cleanse you. Amen. And make us who he wants us to be. Listen, friends, we are going in a rapture. It is thus sayaeth the Lord. We don't know when it is, but according to what we're seeing and everything that Brother Brandham's laid out and the scripture and his interpretation to scripture, this scene could be fitting the picture really good right now. Amen. It don't. We We're not one that has to have all the evidences. I'm not saying that. I am saying when you're seeing scriptures being fulfilled, then we need to start lifting up our head. The bridegroom comes, the bridegroom comes. Help me, Lord Jesus. Can you say amen? If you don't have the baptism of the Holy Ghost, amen. If your nature is not one with his, oh, then you need to start seeking the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Don't don't let this just be a normal church service. Don't let don't let none of our church services from here forward be just normal church services. Oh God, let the presence of the Lord be with us, shaping us up, preparing us for his coming, moving upon us. Amen. For we know that he his his coming is very, very near. If the musicians would come. Amen. We're thankful to the Lord. Oh, isn't God good? Oh my, God is so good. Help me, Lord. Looking in the mirror of your word. And when you women got married, Amen. Y'all stood in front of the mirror a lot looking at trying on dresses. Amen. Getting your colors together. Then the day come and you was fixing your hair, getting everything all together. There was a nervous There was a nervous but incredibly joyous emotions in your heart. Nervous, wanted everything to go right. Nervous. You wanted to make sure everything went good. But at the same time, you you were fixing to be married. Friends, we should take God at his word and say, "Lord, am I looking good? Help me, Lord. I don't want no spots on my garment." What is spots? It's spots of the world. It's things that we allow in our spirits that that that aren't right. We got to worship. You understand what I'm saying? We got to got to take those things and help me, Lord. And we're all in our own states, in our own stages, whether you're a kid, obeying mom and dad, taking care of responsibilities, asking the Lord to help you overcome, whether it be lying or stealing or any of those kinds of things. Wash my heart, Lord. Fill me with your spirit. put your nature in me so that I can think like you and desire like you. Because when you have the nature of God in you, you don't you're humble. It makes you it it it makes you want to serve. It makes you want to love. That's for kids. But then there's us adults and we're not kids anymore. But the scriptures for us for us husbands, us men, there things we have to really deal with. And as we're looking in the word and we're looking at ourselves through the mirror of his word, we say, "There's areas here that I I really need to shore up on. Lord, I need a little bit more of your blood and scrub me. I want I want to be scrubbed." You women the same way. You can't take the man scriptures. You've got your own. Amen. And you take those scriptures and you say, "Lord, am I looking like your word? Am I looking like you want me to look?" You see what I'm saying? Let's take all of this. He's coming. He's coming. I love him so much. I love him so much. [Music] before. Let me hear your tender voice say to me, "Won't you willingly open the door? [Music] Let me fall in love with you all over again. Let me know you as never before. Let me hear your tender [Music] voice say to [Music] me. Dog gone it. He loves you so much. He loves every one of you so much. He put this in scripture, then sent us a prophet in the last days to make sure we wouldn't miss it because of his love for you. I love him. I love him. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] In an age where it seems we wake up tired, go throughout the day [Music] tired. Sometimes we feel like I just don't know if I'm the one that Jesus is coming back for. I don't know. Just can't dedicate like I want to. But I I I just want to let you know you're his elect. You're the one that's heard the voice of the bridegroom. [Music] Just love him. Just love him. You might not have chills going up and down your spine, but just love the Lord. Spend that time with him. Lord, I want your supernatural presence with me. I want it with me. I want that presence. Amen. God bless you. Now open the Lord. Oh, let me fall in love with you all [Music] over. Let me know. Take sin from me. [Music] Oh, let me [Music] hear your tender voice say to me. Praise the Lord. [Music] I think not bulldoging our way through life, but just being a wife to the [Music] Lord. There's a reason that God kept the things separate. He made a covenant with the woman, made a covenant with a man. That's why he said he don't want a man wearing that which pertains to a woman. He don't want a woman wearing that which pertains to a man. It's an abomination to him. Why? Why would he do that? Because I think ultimately he wants us as the church to know that he's ours. We're under his authority. Amen. Under his authority. I want to be under that. I want every action of mind to be under that. I want everything that I am. Is that your desire here tonight? God bless you. God bless everyone. You can stand to your feet as we get ready to dismiss. I want to uh remind you they brother Sam has got his meeting this weekend. So it's going to be Saturday night or Friday night, Saturday morning and Sunday morning. And so we're not going to be dismissing here. Um, but I plan on making it for the Friday night and Saturday morning. And um, Brother Sam has always been so good to to make our meetings and and and they're they're like friends to us all. And so we we love them. And and then u and actually uh when brother Aaron and sister Naomi got married, it just sort of made us made us more like that. And uh and so um so that that'll be this weekend here. And then on Monday, um I think we're going probably do a little little cookout or something here uh on Monday for those that are that are going to be around. And um maybe uh such keys you could just put something out there and just I don't know see who all's going to be there and then um but uh so we'll we'll get together Monday whether there's few or many and uh have us have us a good time. You know they got together last night to play volleyball. I didn't play volleyball but you know it was it was I enjoyed it. uh just lawn chairs out there watching those guys work hard, play hard and uh it was a wonderful evening. We just love love that kind of thing with the people and u so uh let's so let's oh yes I almost forgot we have got a birthday feller here. Brother Aaron has graduated to the teenage world. [Music] Aaron is 13 years old and uh so I am so proud of brother Aaron and uh uh 13 was a big big birthday for me and uh so we just wish God's greatest blessings upon him. And then also today is is Ethan's birthday but Ethan's not here and he's not a teenager. Amen. He's four. So Ethan is four. He might think he's a teenager. Amen. But uh uh I read somewhere I one one of y'all one one of y'all put on there uh on on on on the uh you know you loved your teenage uh love the teenage years with your children. And I got to say I did too. you know, uh I loved I I love I that's a I I love I love teenagers and u and so uh I I remember having my boys and and uh and and and the girls all all of that young generation. I was more involved with those with with that generation because my boys were that age and so everyone was all over at my house or we we were all together so much and uh so I don't I don't get to really get involved with everyone as much as I used to. It may mean that brother Merl's getting old but uh not me. Amen. But uh you know, but it is it is uh I love you teenagers. Every one of you teenagers. And I know your mamas and daddies do too. And so we say God bless you, Brother Aaron. And we love you a lot. Amen. Hey, isn't he doing a good job on the drums? Amen. Doing a great job on the drum. Let's sing. Let's sing. Happy birthday. Amen. Happy birthday to you. You. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday, brother Aaron. Happy birthday to you. May Jesus bless you. So on your birthday, may Jesus bless you. Jesus bless brother Aaron the whole year through. God bless you. Amen. Amen. Amen. Wonderful. Wonderful. So, amen. Thank my wife for reminding me. Amen. All right. It's good to see you, Bella. Amen. God bless you. Praise the Lord. Amen. All right. What are we going to sing as we dismiss? Babylon to a higher place. There is a mountain I can stand upon. [Music] Oh, I have made my choice. Jesus is my joy redee. Oh yeah. Bab will never never have it. God bless you. You can dismiss yourselves tonight. We love you. For I have heard a voice calling me from Babylon. [Music] I have made my choice. Jesus is my joy and liberty. And the love will never never me. [Music] I heard a voice calling me [Music] out to a higher place. There's [Music] Thank you Lord for I have made my choice. Jesus is my joy and liberty. [Music] How long will we'll [Music]
