################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-07 - 2025-05-07 Bro Colby Martin God Hears Our Cry Of Desperation - Colby Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-07
Title:   2025-05-07 Bro Colby Martin "God Hears Our Cry Of Desperation"
Speaker: Colby Martin
Church:  New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37LlQ18BBtY
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Man, let's all stand. [Music] He helps me. He [Music] is myion, my best friend, the only true God. on great earth. Wonderful savior. Jesus, lion of Judah. Our God is tremendous. Strength never failth. Goes through the fire just to save a sinner. He is almighty. Sends his angels to guide me. There's no storm too powerful cannot handle. A God in simplicity revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory. Gave us the victory. Greatest love story. When you're in trouble, Jehovah Nissi, the great enforcer, God Almighty, will fight your battles. Oh yes, he'll stand for [Music] you. Victory will come, but not the way you think it should. So my great Jehovah, just love the paradox. Stay in your position. Watch the miraculous come into [Music] action. Our God is tremendous. Strength never failth. Goes through the fire just to save a sinner. He is almighty. Sends his angels to guide me. There's no storm too powerful. God cannot handle our God in simplicity revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory and gave us the victory. The greatest love story. This tremendous strength never failth. He goes through the fire just to save a sinner. He is almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. There's no storm too powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory. Gave us the victory. The greatest love story. [Music] When you're in trouble, Jehovah Nissi, the great enforcer, God Almighty, will fight your battles. Oh yes, he'll stand for [Music] you. Your victory will come, not the way you think it should, cuz my great Jehovah just loves a paradox. Stay in your position and watch the miraculous come into action. Our God is tremendous. His strength never failth. He goes through the fire just to save a sinner. He is almighty. Sends his angels to guide me. There's no storm too powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed in you and me. Down from his glory gave us the victory. The greatest love story. Amen. Is your God tremendous? Brother Merald, do you mind opening us up in prayer? I don't have any written prayer requests, but we still have our pastor and his wife out of town. So, let's keep that in our prayers. Amen. How many loves the Lord? Amen. That's what brings you to church. Amen. On a Wednesday night. Amen. Even if it's raining or whatever, it's good to see everybody be back. Amen. From our trip. And uh Amen. and I suffered uh most of it with a eye infection, but uh doing real a lot better tonight. So, I'm thanking the good Lord for that. Amen. How many's thankful for his healing touch? Amen. Thankful for the for the tent meeting and everything. It was just powerful. Amen. It's just uh privilege to be able to fellowship with uh the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. No matter where they are. Amen. But uh we're here tonight and I believe God has something for us. Amen. Because I've got a uh I got a blessed assurance eternal life policy. That's good. Amen. And he'll just give me give us whatever we ask for tonight if we'll go on faith believing. Amen. Why don't you just pray in your own way tonight? Amen. Heavenly Father, we we love you and we thank you for your grace and mercy. Amen. For every blessing that you give, Lord. And amen. the food that we eat, the clothes that we wear, Lord. The roof over our head, Lord. We should never take these things for common, Lord. And common, Lord, that you would uh and we ask tonight you would pour us out a blessing that may not even have room to receive, Lord. For you made that promise as well, Lord. We'd come into your house and humbly amen uh submit to your word and your will, Lord. The rich young ruler couldn't do that. He didn't get that policy of blessed assurance, Lord. He couldn't sell all he had and come and follow you, Lord. But there's a bride tonight that's invested. Amen. Everything that they are in in you, Lord, tonight. And you uh never uh you always pay your debts. The Bible says, and brother Brandham said, Lord, Lord, we don't have much to offer you tonight, Lord. We come to offer you our praise and our worship Lord for who you are and what you've done. We're we're expecting Lord you to speak through ordained vessel tonight Lord to bring your word. May we hear what the spirit says to the churches tonight Lord. Bless all any that might be sick and afflicted among us Lord and may they just confess with your stripes they are healed even as I have been. Lord just bless every song. Bless the uh brother Caleb, Lord, as he leads, Lord, the musicians, Lord, as we just stand in your presence, Lord, and just speak to us, Lord. And may our hearts, Amen, be filled with joy in peace. We ask all these things in Jesus name. And the church said, amen. [Music] Every praise to our God. Every word of worship and one accord. Every praise, every praise to our God. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship one accord. Every praise, every praise to our God. [Music] Hallelujah. My savior my [Music] healer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. God my savior, God my healer, God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Every praise to our God. Every word of worship, one accord. Every praise, every praise to our God. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah is due our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. [Music] God my savior, God my [Music] healer. God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Step out in the aisles. Shake your brother, sisters hands. God my healer. God my [Music] deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship with one accord. Every praise, every praise to our God. Sing hallelujah is to our God. Glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise to our God. [Music] God my savior, God my healer, God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship in one accord. Every praise, every praise to our [Music] God. Sing hallelujah is to our God. Glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise to our God. [Music] God my savior, God my [Music] healer, God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. God my savior, God my healer, God my deliverer, yes he is. Yes he is. Every praise is to my God. Every word of worship and one accord. Every praise, every praise to our God. Sing hallelujah is to our God. Glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise to our God. Amen. Is every praise due to your God? It's already done. It's already done. Hallelujah. It's already done. His name. The battle is over. Victory is won. It's already done. I have overcome. Hallelujah. I have overcome. Praise his name. The battle is over. The victory is won. I have overcome. [Music] I'm already healed. Halleluah. I'm already healed. Praise his name. The battle is over. The victory is won. I'm already here. healed. My family is sealed. Halleluah. Our family is sealed. Praise his name. The battle is over. The victory is won. Family is here. [Music] It's already done. Hallelujah. It's already done. Praise his name. The battle is over. Victory is won. It's already done. Let's sing that again. It's Sister Rose brings her a special. I have overcome. Halleluah. I have overcome. Praise his name. The battle is over. Victory is won. I have overcome. [Music] Speak the name of Jesus over you. In your hurting, in your sorrow, I will ask my God to move. I speak the name. It's all that I can do. In desperation, I'll seek this. I pray for your healing. Circumstances would change. I pray that the fear inside would flee in Jesus name. I pray that a breakthrough would happen today. I pray miracles over your life in Jesus name. In Jesus [Music] name I speak the name of all [Music] authority declaring blessings every promise. He is faithful to keep. I speak the name no grave could ever hold. He is greater. He is stronger. He's the God of possible. I pray for your healing. The circumstances would change. I pray that the fear inside would flee in Jesus name. I pray that a breakthrough would happen today. I pray miracles over your life in Jesus name. In Jesus name. Oh, come believe it. Come receive it. For the power of his spirit is now forever yours. Come believe it. Come receive it. In the mighty name of Jesus, all things are possible. I pray for your healing. circumstances would change. I pray that the fear inside would flee in Jesus name. I pray that a breakthrough would happen today. I pray miracles over your life in Jesus name. I pray for revival, for restoration of faith. I pray that the dead would come alive in Jesus name. In Jesus name. Oh, in Jesus name. in Jesus name. Amen. Did you enjoy [Applause] that? Ain't no rock. Ain't no cry in my place. As long as I'm alive to glorify or praise his name, there ain't no rock going to cry in my place. Long as I'm alive to glorify, I'll praise his name. Praise the [Music] Lord. Praise his name. As long as I'm alive to glorify, I'll praise his name. Praise the [Music] Lord. Praise his name. As long as I'm alive, glorify. I'll praise his name. Ain't no bird going to bring in my place. As long as I'm alive, glorify. I'll praise his name. Ain't no bird going to sing in my place. As long as I'm alive, I'll glorify and praise his name. Praise the Lord. Praise his name. As long as I'm alive, I'll glorify and praise his [Music] name. Praise the [Music] Lord. Oh, praise his name. Long as I'm alive to glorify, I'll praise his name. Ain't no wrong. Going to cry in my face. As long as I'm alive, but glorify. I'll praise his name. Ain't no rock going to cry in my place. As long as I'm alive, I glorify. I'll praise his name. Praise the Lord and praise his name. As long as I'm alive, I'll glorify and praise his name and praise the Lord. Come on and praise his name. As long as I'm alive, I'll glorify and praise his name. [Music] Increase that trouble [Music] me. Many are they that rise up against me. [Music] Many there be that say of my soul. There is no help for him in God. But thou, oh Lord, are a shield for me, my glory and the lifter of my head. Thou, oh Lord, are a shield for me, my glory, the lifter of my head. I cried unto the Lord with my voice, and he heard me. of his holy hill. I laid me down and slept. And when I awakened, the precious Holy Ghost sustained me. But thou, oh Lord, are a shield for me. You're my glory, the lifter of my head. But thou, oh Lord, are a shield for me. You're my glory and the lifter of my head. I will not be afraid of tens of thousands of demons that have set themselves against me round about. I will not be afraid of tens of thousands of demons that have set themselves against me round about. But thou, oh Lord, are a shield for me. You're my glory and the lifter of my head. But thou, oh Lord, are a shield for me. You're my glory and the lifter of my head. Amen. Let's sing this last song as the man of God prepares to come out. When I think about the [Music] Lord, when he saved me, how he raised me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost, how he healed me through the earth. I think about the Lord, how he picked me up and turned me around. How he place my feet on solid ground makes me want to shout. Hallelu. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all of the praise. We want to shout hallelu. Thank you, Jesus. You're worthy. [Music] When I think Where I think, [Music] how he saved me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost. [Music] When I think about the Lord, how he picked me up, turned me around, how he placed my feet on solid ground, makes me want to shout, hallelu, Lord, you're [Music] worthy all The honor, all the praise makes me want to shout halleluah. Thank you Lord of all the glory, all the honor, all the praise. Is that how you feel tonight? Amen. What a God we serve. Amen. Do we know that song? I know you I think you sing it because we prayed all night. Your cries have awoken the master. You pray. Maybe we need to go down. Cuz you prayed all night. You held on with all of your might. Child, your cries have awoken. The master. I love this. Oh, he knows your voice. Lift your head. It's time to rejoice, child. Your cries have awoken. The master. Can we sing that again now? Because you prayed all night, you held on with all of your might. Child, your cry have awoken the master. Oh, he knows your voice. Lift your head. It's time to rejoice, child. Your cry, I've awoken. Thank you, Lord, the master. One more time. Oh, cuz you prayed all night. You held on with all of your might. Child, your cries have awoken. The master, he [Laughter] knows your voice. Lift your head. It's time to rejoice, child. Your cries have awoken. the master. Are you thankful for that here tonight? My so glad that we have a God that hears. Amen. That he's never too busy not to care and understand what we're dealing with. Do you do you know those verses? Don't you sing it? Maybe. Okay, maybe afterwards you can try it or something. Those verses are powerful. I just don't know them. God bless you here tonight. If you have your Bibles, like to turn uh to Genesis 16:11, keep it simple, short tonight, and uh do more like a Bible study for the young people. So, I hope that's all right here tonight. But Genesis 16 and verse 11, when you're there, say amen. It is good to see everybody. It's good to have brother Merl, sister Leah back with us. I tell you, sure been missing them. It's all right to clap. It's all right to clap. Amen. I know they got stuck in Dallas there for a night or so, but I'm sure sure glad to see them back safely. And uh Genesis 16 and verse 11. And the angel of the Lord said unto her, "Behold, thou art with child, and shall bear a son, and shall call his name Ishmamail." This is what I want to get to. Because the Lord hath heard thy affliction. Let's also turn to Exodus 3 and verse 7. Just a few more passages of scripture, then I'll let you be seated here tonight. But Exodus 3 and verse 7. Amen. Want to say I really enjoyed brother Caleb Farweather Fairweathers and Jonah's song leading. Amen. I got to tune in a little bit and got to hear them do it and I thought they did a a really good job. Brother Caleb said that was his first time song leading. So, I appreciate him doing that. It was good. Amen. Jordan Caleb Martins as well tonight. Amen. All these I tell you, I can just sit back and retire. Me and Brother Merl can just retire and and let them do it. Amen. Exodus 3 and verse 7. When you're there, say amen. And the Lord said, I have surely seen the affliction of my people which are in Egypt and had heard their cry by reason of their task masters, for I know their sorrows. Nehemiah of 9 and verse 9. Nine and verse 9. Amen. and did see the affliction of our fathers in Egypt, and heardest their cry by the Red Sea. One more passage of scripture, then I'll we can I'll let you have your seats. Job 34 and verse 28. Job 34 and verse 28. Amen. So, so that they caused the cry of the poor to come unto him, and he heareth the cry of the afflicted. Heavenly Father, how we love you here tonight and want to appreciate, we appreciate your presence that we feel on this Wednesday night. We're so honored. I know I'm honored, Lord, and humbled to have this opportunity. And I pray that you'll just bless the reading of the word, Lord. bless all the the faithful that has come out here tonight. In your lovely name we pray. Amen. And amen. God bless you. Now you may have your seats. And if I had a title be a very simple title, it would be God hears the cry of desperation. God hears the cry of desperation. Brother Brandham says here he says in desperation we know it is true that God will meet a desperate soul. Now we all know that but it usually takes something to drive us into that to that despair to desperation. It takes something to do it. Look it up the definition of desperation. It says desperation is a feeling of extreme need or urgency. Says usually related to a difficult or desperate situation. It's a powerful emotion that motivates someone to take action. And tonight, if I can just for a little bit, I want to start off with one of my favorite stories in the Bible, blind Barnameus. And I like to, brother Brandham, if you haven't um went back and listened to brother Brandham tell the story of blind Barameus, I would definitely recommend you doing so. He he does a tremendous job. But I want to talk on blind Barnameus just for a little bit tonight. And if we can look in Ma Mark 10 and 46, that's where we find his story. In Mark 10 and verse 46-52 and they came to Jericho and as he went out of Jericho with his disciples and a great number of people blind Barnameus the son of that person sat by the highway side begging. And when he heard that it was Jesus of Nazareth, he began to cry out and say, "Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy upon me." And many charged him that he would hold his peace. But he cried the more a great deal, thou son of David, have mercy upon me. And Jesus stood still. Ain't that amazing? And commanded him to be called. And they called the blind man, saying unto him, Be of good comfort, rise, he calleth thee. And he cast away his garment, rose, and came to Jesus. And Jesus answered or said unto him,"What wilt uh what wil thou that I should do unto thee?" And the blind man said unto him, "Gee, Lord, that I might receive my sight." And Jesus said unto him, "Go thy way. Thy faith has made thee whole." And immediately he received his sight and followed Jesus in the way. How many's ever been in that that place in your life where you need a a change? You get so desperate and so tired of the cycles that you've gone through, the conditions and the rituals a at everything that you get you you have in your life and you get to such a place like blind Barameus that you have to have a change or perish. And I want to look at blind Barnameus for a moment. And one man that certainly comes to my mind when I think of desperation is blind Barnameus. And I'm amazed at the desperation that crept up on this man when he heard that Jesus was passing by the streets of Jericho. And I bet he was tired of sitting on the dirt of the streets begging and and being passed by people that has had their sight and and living in in night. Night was his day. He lived in darkness since he was born. And he was yearning to see the light of daybreak. He was tired of a life and that held him captive for one for one spot for so many years. The question is, are are you tired of living in that condition here tonight? Brother Brandham says until you get to that place, until the whole church gets to a place that it's between death and life, you've got to have it now or perish. Then God can move upon the scene. He said it takes desperation to bring God upon the scene. So we see while blind Barameus was sitting by the streets begging, he heard that Jesus was passing by and there was only one thing that was in his mind that I must see Jesus. Hallelujah. I must get to the one that can touch my blinded eyes. He knew that this was his moment. He didn't know if he would have another moment. So he began to cry out to the Lord. Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy upon me. The quest within his heart could not allow him to be quiet, so he cried out all the more. Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy upon me. Is the thing you are desperate for bringing you to the realization that crying out to Jesus is the only way? We can try in our own ability and we try it. We can try to get out of the temptations. We can try to get out of the addictions. We can try to keep our marriage together. And we can try to do better. We can make all the New Year's resolutions that I am going to be better, that I am going to read my Bible and I'm going to listen to a message and I'm going to get out of this thing that has kept me bound for so many years. And we can try and we can try but you got to come to a place that Christ is the only way that you can get out of the impossible circumstance that you are in. Blind Barnameus came to the realization that the man that was passing him by was the only one that can heal him of his blindness that he had. and he began to cry in his heart, Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy upon me. Do you realize that every time you're going to have a breakthrough that it doesn't come easy? Hello, somebody. Every time you need a touch in your body or every time you need a deliverance from from an addiction or whatever it may be in your life, it is a fight. It's a struggle. But anything worth having is worth fighting for. I believe that if you want to be free of something, you must get to a place to where you're willing to fight tooth and nail for it. Well, who was it? Was it Robinson? Billy Robinson or whatever his name was? Forgive me, I don't remember. Where he says that you'll find my bones in this field if I don't get something from you. We got to get to a place to where God, it's either I get my answer or I'll die right here trying. We got to come to a place of desperation to where our cries have awoken the master. But there are things and and and people in your life that will try to silence your cry. Hallelujah. Don't get discouraged when you try the first time and fail. Don't get discouraged if you feel like Christ hasn't heard you the second time. Remember, it took Daniel 21 days to get his answer. But did did Daniel qu did Daniel give up? He kept on fighting. He kept on praying because he knew that God would answer what he had need of. Satan wants to silence you. He wants to keep you quiet. He wants to keep you satisfied in the state that you're sitting in right now. But it's time that we break out of cycles, of coming to church and being content of paying our tithes and our offering a and being content in the condition that we're in. It's time that we begin to break those cycles and say, "God, I'm here for something more than this showing up with this pretty face." Hello, somebody. We can get in the rut of coming to church. We can get in the what of listening to a message before we go to bed. We can get into the cycle of these things, but we got to realize that God has something more for you than just church. Hello, somebody. He wants to be a friend when you're friendless. He wants to be a a help in your time of need. He wants to be Jehovah, your provider. But you've got to quit trying in your own ability. It's sad when we use God as our emergency backup plan. Hello, somebody. When we need something, you've seen those those those those glass cases where it says break in case of emergency. Why is it that in a case of emergency, we break the glass? Why is it we only call upon God when we're in a crisis? Why is it we only call upon God when we're in an emergency? Hello somebody. God wants to be your friend. Hello somebody. He wants to have a relationship with you. Do you think my wife would still be with me if I gave her once a week part of my time? Do you think she would love me still? Do you think she would care for me still? Do you really think she would iron my clothes? Thank you for ironing brother Austin's clothes. Sister Rose, man, I'll tell you. Do you really think she would do it with a smile? If I only gave her a little bit of my time? No. No. We have to have a relationship. Christ wants a relationship. He don't want you calling upon him in your time of trouble, but he wants to be there in the good times. He wants to be there in the bad times. He wants to have such a relationship with you that when you do hit that emergency, you will know that you can fully trust in God because you have a relationship with him. Hallelujah. Now, back to our story. Blind Barmus kept on crying and he was calling out to Jesus repeating the same words, "Son of David, have mercy upon me. Brother Merl, when you're trying to get someone's attention, do you just quietly yell out their name? I'm asking the wrong person. Brother Merl doesn't yell anything quietly? Do you just quietly yell out their name? Sister Kaylee. When you see a kid about to walk in front of the a car, what do you do? You just say, "Hey, hey, hey, you're about to get hit by a car." No, no. It it it puts you into action, doesn't it? You're doing all kind of things. You're yelling out their name, "Hey." And do you think blind Barameus was sitting on the side of the road just saying, "Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy on me. Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy upon me." Um, you know, Jesus, if you have the time, I believe there was such an urgency there. He was tired of sitting blind in that same spot that when he heard that Jesus was coming his way, what did he begin to do? He began to yell, "Jesus, Jesus." He began to yell so loud that the people around him were saying, "Hey, sh be quiet. Be quiet. I don't want to hear it. We don't want to hear it. Shut up. Sh. Oh, the days of miracles have passed. So, nope. Jesus can't do anything for you. You're always going to be in that that condition. You're always going to be bound by drugs and alcohol. There's no hope for you. We're going to have so many voices out there saying you're not good enough. Saying that you you you send your day of grace away. But you've got to steal the noise and say, "Jesus, now son of David, have mercy upon me." You got to get to such a state of desperation that you don't care who's talking. That you're not going to shut up no matter what they are saying. Come on, somebody. Do you really think that Jesus heard blind Barnameus over the crowd? I want everyone to do me a favor. Everyone yell at one time. Just yell [Music] really loud. Kitty. Kitty. No. No. Keep yelling. Keep yelling. Everybody yell, "Can y'all hear me? Can you hear? Can you hear what I'm saying? Can you Did you hear anything I was saying? This is a group of what 40 people and you guys are yelling and couldn't hear anything I was saying?" Do you really think Jesus heard blind Barameus over thousands of people screaming out, wanting his attention? What stopped Jesus? what his faith a cry of desperation that Lord I am done being blind. See desperation will require us to be persistent, perseverant. It will not allow you to be silent, to be dumbed down. Blind Barameus pushed and he pushed and he cried and he cried. We got to get Now say persistence that Lord, I'm going to push. I'm going to push for my healing. I'm going to push for my breakthrough. I'm going to fight for my family. Hello, somebody. I'm going to give everything that I got until I can break that barrier and get what I have need of. Hallelujah. It will require us to come out of our comfort zone and pursue something greater. But blind Barnabas threw aside his garment. Brother Brandham said that garment identified that he was blind. But blind Barnabas knew that if he got to Jesus, oh my, that he wouldn't be needing that garment anymore. He knew that if he can ever get into the presence of the Lord and if we can ever get to that place to where we know that if we can ever get into the presence of the Lord, we will have our deliverance. If we know beyond a shadow of a doubt that we won't have to go back to that place again. We can drop the garments and the chains and the things that keep us bound. We can be free. But it takes a cry of desperation. You got to get to a point that you're sick of it. Until you get to that point, you're never going to receive nothing from God. Hello, somebody. Let me tell you something. Desperation always leads to faith. Desperation always leads to faith. You look at the woman with the issue of blood. She got so desperate that she didn't care what people thought. She just knew if she can touch the master's garment that she would be well. She just knew. She spent money with doctor after doctor after doctor trying to have the situation resolved. But she only got worse. Let me tell you something. When friends forsake you, when family forsakes you, you're the God that sticks closer than a brother. And if you could only I know I'm probably beating a dead horse, but I'm trying to get you to understand if you could only get into his presence, whatever you have need of will be made possible. You don't have to be in a church to have your prayers answered. Church is great and I and I strongly believe in going to church, but God can answer you right there at your home. God can answer your cry of desperation right there in your vehicle. God can answer wherever you're at. He responds to a cry of desperation. Amen. That God, I need you. I may be on my way to work, but I got bills that are are piling up. God, I need your help. God hears your cries. God remembers his promise towards you. God sees every situation before it happens. And God responds to every prayer of desperation. If you're facing a difficult situation in your life, the first thing you must always realize that God is as close as the mention of his name. His line is never busy and his ear is always open. And he desires for you to call upon his name. God wants to show you how great he is. God wants to show his power. You know, like I don't mind showing off for my wife every now and then. Brother Merl, you like taking your wife golfing, right? Showing how good you are. Austin, I mean, what'd you have to do to get Sister Rose? It must have been must have been something great. God loves his bride and God will do anything he can to show off his power, but he is waiting for you to ask him. He knows what you have need of. God is God is wanting to show you himself, but he needs a cry. He needs you to ask. What happened when blind Barnameus came up to him? Jesus asked, "What do you have need of?" Jesus knew what he had need of. Jesus knew he was blind since birth. Jesus knew he needed sight, but he had to hear him mask. And blind Barnameus said, "Lord, I want my sight. And Jesus said, "Your faith has made you whole." God has the power to give you what you have need of. There's no if ands or buts about it. We We're not wondering if God can still do it. God is powerful enough to take care of the situation you're in right now. Sister April, I believe God is powerful enough to deliver Brother John of those headaches. I'm believing for it. But you got to get to a place of desperation where I'm tired of this thing. I'm tired of feeling these headaches. I I'm I'm tired of the struggle. Hello somebody. God responds to desperation. And if our prayers are not important to us, they will not be important to God. Hello, somebody. You got to come up to God and you've got to know what you want. And you got to realize that God, I need this. God hears our prayers, but God can tell a cry of desperation. Hello, somebody. God responds to faith. that without faith it is impossible to please God. God has not forgotten about you. You may be in a circumstance here tonight where it feels like you're all alone. God has not forgotten about you. The Bible says Isaiah 49 and 16 that I have graven you in the palms of my hand and thy walls are continually before me. God has carved you in his hands. God sees everything that you're going through at this moment. Sometimes we feel like no one knows, that no one sees what we're going through. But the truth is, God sees. He understands. Brother Harry is still looking for a job. God sees the situation. God understands. And I believe God has the perfect job for Brother Harry. I'm so thankful for Brother Mike getting his job back. God sees and he heard the prayers. Amen. But God sees what no one else can and in our moment we go through weaknesses in our life. To others we may seem strong and able to handle everything. But God sees our weaknesses. Sister April, the Bible says his strength is made perfect in our weakness. Do you believe that? And the enemy, he would love to beat you down in the time of your trial, saying, "Where's your faith?" How many's ever experienced that? That where's your faith? That if you really had faith, God would have already answered your prayer. The enemy will hit you and combat your mind right here. Brother Brandham says, "The greatest battle ever fought right here." And we're in an age where it seems like our the weight of the mind is so heavy, so prevalent. We may not do anything during the day, but we're being fought here and we're so it feel like we just worked an eight hour day because we're so wore out from here. I hate doing paperwork. I hate I hate bidding jobs. Honestly, I would rather go out and work, brother Merl. eight hours because it seems like when you're doing mental work, it wears me out more than an eighth hour day. And that is where Satan is plaguing our mind where we're so tired of fighting. Sister Thelma, we're so tired that we just want to give in. Let me tell you something. That's where the enemy would love to slip in there and let you know that, oh, you're not you're this ain't for you. That's where a cry of desperation comes in. that God, I need this situation figured out. I know this is simple. I told you I was going to preach to the young people tonight. But years ago, a a very famous picture of a chess match was painted. It was called Checkmate. Brother Merl, you may have heard of that before. Checkmate. It had been placed in a gallery for viewing and a world champion chess master was looking at this picture. It says after a few minutes he declared that there is a move that can save them. He saw a move that had been overlooked. One where there would not be a checkmate. God sees the moves that we cannot see. Are you with me? Just a little bit longer. In Corinthians, he declares that he will make a way of escape. That he will not put more on us than what we could bear. Amen. But in all of that, that he would make a way of escape. Hallelujah. I'm so glad that God sees all. That God is not the God of inactivity, but he is active. He is ready to show you what he can do. He will open doors that no man can shut. God is a miracle worker. that he is he there is nothing impossible for God. The Bible says here, I will supply all your needs according to my riches and glory. Hello. But we can find God to the situation that we're in at the moment. But God is so much bigger than anything that we can ever imagine. He's bigger than any sickness. He's bigger than any temptation. He's bigger than any trial. And he's always available when we cry out to him. Do you really think blind Barnameus would have gotten his healing if he didn't cry out in desperation? God will answer a desperate cry. I believe that every time is correct. when we get tired. I know in my life a lot of times I felt tired, brother Merl and weary and always wondered where the answer would come in at. Always wondered if I would ever get out of the situation that I was in. And it took more, brother Ken, than just a bedtime prayer. It took more than, you know, now I lay me down to sleep and I pray the Lord my soul to keep. If I die, before I wake, I pray the Lord my soul to take. It took more than a bedtime prayer. It took a cry of desperation that Lord, I need something from you. We can get in the rut. We can get so tired of life that we we rush through our prayers. We rush through our devotions. We we we come to church, but we get there late. And it shows what our priorities are. Brother Merl and I knew what my priorities were at the time and I had to get to a place where I needed God to do something that was my priority or I was going to lose my family. God responds to a cry of desperation. What is your priority? You say, "Well, Brother Kobe, I I don't have time to pray, but you sure had time to watch a movie." You say, "Brother Kobe, I don't have time to to to to listen to a message, but you sure had time to go out and spend time with friends." What is your priority? And you say, "Brother Kobe, I haven't felt God in a long time." Look at the priorities that is in your life and then see why God hasn't answered your prayer yet. Hello, somebody. But if you take God off the back burner and you put him at the front and center of your life, I promise your marriage will be restored. Your children will be saved. Your answer to your prayers will come. But God has to be the focus of your life. Just like any church, you want a revival to come into this church, God has to be priority right here. Nothing else matters. You say, "Brother Kobe, I got to wave son or daughter." have a cry of desperation and say, "God, I need them." Quit trying in our own abilities. I know it's simple, but quit trying in our own abilities to make something happen. Let God perform the miraculous in the li in their lives. Let God perform the miraculous in this church. I would love to see a revival sweep over this church again. I would love to see God move into this place like he has never before to save our young people. I have four kids. I would love to see them saved. Hallelujah. Are you with me? Amen. Exodus 14 and 10 says, "And when Pharaoh drew nigh, the children of Israel lifted up their eyes, and behold, the Egyptians marched after them, and they were so afraid, and the children of Israel cried unto the Lord." Psalms 34 and4 I sought the Lord and he heard me and he delivered me from all of my fears. They looked unto him and were lightened and their faces were not ashamed. This poor man cry. I love that. And the Lord heard him and saved him out of all of his troubles. Psalms 34:17. The righteous cry in the Lord heareth and deliverth them out of all of their troubles. Psalms 118 and5. And I called unto the Lord in distress and the Lord answered me and set me in a large place. Psalms 120 verse1. In my distress I cried unto the Lord and he heard me. I love that. Psalms 107 and verse 5 says, "Hungry and thirsty their soul faith in them, and they cried unto the Lord in their trouble, and he delivered them out of all of their distresses." Psalms 107 and verse 12 says, "Therefore he brought down their heart with labor, and they fell down, and there was none to help. Then they cried unto the Lord in their trouble, and he saved them out of their distresses." Psalms 107 and verse 18 says their their soul abhoreth all matter of meat and they draw near unto the gates of death. Then they cried unto the Lord in their trouble and he saved them out of all their distresses. Are you catching the drift? That when you cry out to God, God will be there to save you. Psalms 107 27. They reel to and fro and stagger like a drunk man. Are all their wits end. Then they cried unto the Lord in their trouble, and he bringeth them out of their distresses. Deuteronomy 4:29. But if from thence thou will seek the Lord thy God, thou shalt find him. If thou seek him with all thy heart and with all thy soul. I'm almost done. Psalms 18 and verse 5. Says, "The sorrows of hell compassed me about. The snares of death prevented me, and in my distress I called unto the Lord and cried unto my God. He heard my voice out of his temple, and my cry came before him, even into his ears." Psalms 145 and verse 18 says, "The Lord is nigh unto all of them that call upon him. To all that call upon him in truth. He will fulfill the desire of them that fear him. He also will hear their cry and save them." Psalms 30 and:e 2 says,"Oh Lord my God, I cried unto thee and thou hast healed me." Brother Brandham says here talking about blind Barnameus, he said desperation drove him to scream, "Oh Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy upon me. Pass me not, oh gentle Savior, but hear my humble cry. while on others, thou art calling, do not pass me by. Oh Jesus, he said. Some of them said, "Shut up. You make too much noise." But he was desperate. If he got by, he might never have another opportunity, and we might not either. This might be the last night. Desperation. He screamed out, "Oh, Jesus." No matter who told him to stop, he cried just the same. that much more louder. When they told him to shut up, it made him get louder. He was desperate. Nobody could stop him. Thou son of David, have mercy upon me. He screamed in desperation. And the son of God with sins of the world upon his shoulders going to Jerusalem to be offered up right then for a sacrifice for the world stopped in his tracks. desperation, a desparing cry stopped the son of God, saying, "What would you have me do for you, oh Lord, that I might receive my sight?" He said, "Go. Your faith has saved you." That was enough desperation. When desperation is to receive something, the faintest little touch, faith grabs it. See, he didn't say, "Now, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Hold there just a minute. Let me see if I can see now. I never did see my hands for many years. He said, "Let's see if I can see. I don't see nothing yet." When Jesus said, "Thy faith has saved thee," that was enough. That was all he wanted. Desperation calls for a subject. And when the subject, no matter how faint it is, is received is believed right thin because faith catches when desperation is pushing its seed. Love in there mixes with it and brings it to it. Desperation doesn't. How many can say, "Lord, I need something from you. Lord, I I have a cry. I know in my life, I would love to have more of God. I would love to see my family more on fire for God. I Amen. I I I would love to see it. As the musicians come now, can we just bow our heads? And Gracious Heavenly Father, how we love you here tonight. And Lord, I brought this the best way that I know how. Lord, I know it was simple, but Lord, I pray that your people caught the gist of what I was trying to say. that Lord in our cries of desperation, in our time of loneliness, Lord, in our time of struggle and temptation and trial, that we're never alone, that we're not forgotten, Lord, or forsaken, but it's in those times that you are just waiting for a cry of desperation. And Lord, here tonight, you see the hands that were raised. You see every heart, every need, every desire. Lord, I pray for every one of these members of New Life Outreach. Lord, that a revival would sleep across every heart, Lord, and every home. Touch every life, Lord. Put a ferveny in each one of their hearts, Lord. May we clean out the closets, Lord. May we bring take that candle, Father, and go through every home. Lord, take out any 11 that's among us, Lord. Search my heart, Father. Look at my life, my family's life, my children's life, Lord. I pray here tonight, Father, that you would touch every heart. Forgive us of any sin, Lord, or wrongdoing. Forgive us any of anything, Lord, that would hinder your presence within this church, within our homes, within our lives. Cleanse us, Lord. Purify our hearts. Help us to make the time, Lord, to entertain your presence. Move among us now, Father, is our prayer. We need you, Lord. I need you tonight. Amen. And amen. Can you stand and help us sing this now? You're my child. Your cry have awoken. The [Music] master we know your voice. Lift your head. It is time to rejoice child who cries have awoken the master. Sing it again now. Cause we pray. Oh [Music] night we held on with all of your might. Child you cry. Have awoken. the master. He knows your voice. Lift your head. It's time to rejoice, child. Your cry have awoken the [Music] master. Can we go down to D? I sought the Lord and he answered me and delivered me from every fear. Those who looked on him [Music] already, they'll never be ashamed. They'll never be ashamed. This poor man cried. Oh, this poor man cried. So glad he heard me and the Lord heard [Music] me. Thank you, Lord. Yes, he did. The son of God surrounds his saints. He will deliver them. He will deliver him. Magnify. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Yes Lord. Together glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name to forever. I love this. Oh, taste and see. Is he good tonight? That the Lord is good. Yes, he is. Thank you, [Music] Lord, the son. Thank you, Lord. He give you everything. He'll give you everything. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. [Music] Come exalt his name [Music] forever. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Never ending praise. May our rings right. Let us bless the Lord. Oh my. Every day and night, never ending praise. May our incisions right. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Magnify the Lord. Can we do that for a few moments? Oh, come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. [Music] Oh, come exalt his name [Music] forever. Do you love him here tonight? Oh, he brought me out of my we clay and he set my feet on the rock to stay. He put a song in my soul today, a song of praise. Hallelujah. One more time now. Oh, he brought me out, brother Harry, for my reclaim. Oh, he set my feet on the rock to stay. He put a song in my soul today. [Music] Oh, now he brought me out of my reclaim. He set my feet on the rock to stay. He put a song in my soul.
