################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-28 - 2025-09-28 Bro Colby Martin Fear Will Keep You Bound - Colby Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-28
Title:    2025-09-28 Bro Colby Martin "Fear Will Keep You Bound"
Speaker: Colby Martin
Church:   New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 32m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmgO39N5-Ng
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Hey, [Music] hey, hey. [Music] [Music] What do you mean? [Music] Hey. [Music] My life is in you, Lord. My strength is in you, Lord. My hope is in you, Lord. It's in you. It's in you. My life is in you, Lord. My strength is in you, Lord. My hope is in you, Lord. It's in you. It's in you. My life is in you, Lord. My strength is in you, Lord. My hope is in you, Lord. It's in you. It's in you. My life is in you, Lord. My strength is in you, Lord. My hope is in you, Lord. It's in you. It's in you. [Music] Okay, let's try that verse again. will praise you with all of my life. I will praise you with all of my strength. With all of my life, with all of my strength, all of my hope is in you. [Music] My life is in you, Lord. My strength is in you, Lord. My hope is in you, Lord. It's in you in you, Lord. My strength is in you, Lord. My hope is in you, Lord. Lord, it's in you. It's in you. My life is in you, Lord. My strength is in you, Lord. My hope is in you, Lord. It's in you. It's in you. My life is in you, Lord. My strength is in you, Lord. My hope is in you, Lord. It's in you. It's in you. My life is in you, Lord. My strength is in you, Lord. My hope is in you, Lord. It's in you. It's in you. My life is in you, Lord. Lord, my strength is in you, Lord. My hope is in you, Lord. It's in you. It's in you. Amen. Is your life in Christ? [Music] I don't have any written prayer requests here, but if Brother Harry wants to come and open us up in a word of prayer, let's just remember all those that are out of town traveling and we're few in number here this morning, but doesn't mean that God can't be with us. So, amen. [Music] Let's just bow our heads before the Lord. Lord Jesus, we come into your presence this morning, Lord. And Lord, we thank you for allowing us another opportunity to to gather in your name, Lord, to to gather with our brothers and sisters, just to to worship you, Lord, to to to hear your words, Lord. And Lord, I pray that you would just be with us in a special way today, Lord. Lord, we lift before you all those that are that are out traveling, Lord. Those that are uh either, you know, at the visiting meetings, Lord, or visiting family or or doing these different things, Lord. Lord, we pray that you would be with each one of them and in a special way today, Lord. That you would be with them over the next couple days as they would get ready to travel back home, Lord. We pray that you would give them traveling mercies. And Lord, we lift before you those that aren't here with us because maybe they're not feeling that well, Lord. Lord, we we thank you for the the praise report that we got from Sister Denise, Lord, just a couple days ago. Lord, we just Lord, we thank you for performing a miracle in that situation, Lord. We thank you for having touched her way that you did, Lord. And Lord, we pray that you would just strengthen her body as she's uh dealing with the coming off of those medications and everything, Lord. And but Lord, even as she may be maybe she's feeling sick, maybe she's not feeling well, Lord. Lord, even now I pray that you would just help her just to continue to praise you, Lord, to continue to thank you for your blessings and for what you've done, Lord. Lord, I pray that you would be with each one of us, Lord, as Lord, we come in with the cares of life and concerns and and problems that may be on our minds, Lord, and things that we're dealing with, Lord. And Lord, I pray that you would help us just to to lay those aside, Lord. just to may we lay them at your feet, Lord, and just have the faith to to leave them there to trust that you'll be able to handle each one, Lord. Lord, may we just worship you, Lord. And Lord, may we worship you in advance of the answer, Lord, just praising you for what may be coming, Lord. Lord, I pray that you would be with Brother Colby as he's in the back, Lord. He's been he's been studying, Lord. He's been trying to find what you would have him to say, Lord. And Lord, I pray that you would just use the gift that you've placed in your servant, Lord. that Lord that you would just come out and that you would take control, Lord. That you would use him to to speak to your people, Lord. And Lord, that help each one of us to to draw on that gift, Lord. That you would be able to minister to the needs that are on our hearts, Lord. That that we would just walk away knowing that we've been in your presence once more. Lord, I pray that you would be in the remainder of the worship service, Lord. Just help us to to enter in, Lord, just to to praise you and to worship you and to give you all the glory that that you so rightly deserve. Lord, we just commit the remainder of the service into your hands. In the name of Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. &gt;&gt; Thank you. [Music] I have found a place I can call my own. Here in your embrace where your mercy overflows. [Music] It's here that all my doubts and fears just melt away. I lay my burden down as I look upon your face. You are my refuge. You are my sanctuary when I'm feeling afraid. You're my hiding place. You are my refuge. When the storm is raging underneath your wings, I rejoice and sing. You are my refuge. I have found a place that I can call my own. Here in your embrace where your mercy overflows. [Music] It's here that all my doubts and fear just melts away. I lay my burden down as I look upon your face. [Music] You are my refuge. You are my sanuary [Music] when I'm feeling afraid. You are my hiding place. You are my refuge. And when the storm is raging underneath your wings, I rejoice and sing. You are my refuge. dwells in the secret place. The most high God shall abide underneath the shadows. The shadow of your wings. You are my refuge. [Music] You are my sanctuary when I'm feeling afraid. You are my hiding place. You are my refuge. And when the storm is raging underneath your wings, I'll rejoice and sing. You are my refuge. You are my refuge. You are my sanuary when I'm feeling afraid. You are my hiding place. You are my refuge. And when the storm is raging, underneath your wings, I'll rejoice and sing. You are my refuge. I have found a place that I can call my home. Here in your embrace, where your mercy overflows. It's here that all my doubts and fear just melts away. I lay my burdens down as I look upon your face. Amen. Is he your refuge or my refuge? You are my sanctuary when I'm feeling afraid. You are my hiding place. You are my refuge. And when the storm is raging underneath your wings, I'll rejoice and sing. You are my refuge. He who dwells in the secret place of the most high God. You shall abide underneath the shadows. the shadow of your wings. You are my refuge. You are my sanuary when I'm feeling afraid. You are my hiding place. You are my refuge. And when the storm is raging underneath your wings, I'll rejoice and sing. You are my refuge. Amen. Is Jesus your refuge tonight or this morning? When the saints go marching in, oh, when the saints go maring in, oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number when the saints go maring in. Just step out in the aisle and greet your neighbor. The saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number. When the saints go maring in. [Music] When the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number. When the saints go marching in, I'm a pill from hand of stranger, wandering through this world of sin. On my way to that fair city when the saints go maring in. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in the number. When the saints go maring in, I'm waiting for my theophony. to swing low and I'll step right in on the message I'll ride to heaven. When the saints go maring in. When the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go maring in, oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number when the saints go maring in. Oh, I'll know. I'll see my Savior. [Applause] My life is free from sin. Heaven's doors will open for me when the saints go marching in. Sing that again as our brothers come for the offering. Saints go marching in. When the saints go maring in, oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number when the saints go maring in. Amen. Brother Harry, if you mind. &gt;&gt; Lord Jesus, we just come into your presence again, Lord. And Lord, we just lift before you these tithes and offerings, Lord. Lord, we pray that you would just bless those that are able to give and those that aren't, Lord. And Lord, may it just be used for the furtherance of your kingdom, Lord. We just commit the remainder of the service into your hands name Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. [Music] He became sin who knew no sin that we might become his righteousness. He humbled himself and carried the cross. [Music] Love so amazing. [Music] Love so amazing. [Music] Jesus Messiah, [Music] the name ab of all names. [Music] Blessed redeemer [Music] Immanuel, the rescue for sinners, the ransom from heaven. [Music] Jesus, Messiah, [Music] Lord of all. His body the bread, his blood the wine. It's broken and poured out all for love. The whole earth trembled and the veil was torn. Love so amazing. [Music] Your love so amazing. Jesus Messiah, the name above all names, [Music] blessed redeemer. [Music] Emmanuel, the rescue for sin, the ransom from heaven, Jesus Messiah, [Music] Lord of Oh, all my hope is in you. My hope is in you. The glories to you, God, the light of the world and Jesus Messiah, the name above all name. Blessed redeemer Emmanuel. You're the rescue for siners, [Music] the ransom from heaven, [Music] Jesus Messiah. Lord of all. Sing that again as the rose brings her special. Jesus Messiah. You're the name above all names. [Music] Blessed redeemer Emmanuel [Music] rescue for sinners. The ransom from heaven. Jesus Messiah. Lord of all. [Music] Amen. Sister Rose. [Music] [Music] Every time I try to make it on my own. Every time I try to stand, I start to fall. [Music] And all those lonely roads that I have traveled on, there was Jesus. [Music] When the life I built came crashing to the ground. When the friends I had went nowhere to be found. I couldn't see it then, but I can see it now. There was Jesus. In the waiting, in the searching, in the healing and the hurting, like a blessing buried in the broken pieces. Every minute, every moment, where I've been and where I'm going. Even when I didn't know it or couldn't see it, there was Jesus. for this one who needs amazing kind of grace and forgiveness at a price I couldn't pay. I'm not perfect, so I thank God every day. There was Jesus [Applause] in the waiting, in the searching, in the healing and the hurting. Like a blessing buried in the broken pieces. Every minute, every moment, where I've been and where I'm going. Even when I didn't know it or couldn't see it, there was Jesus on the mountain, in the valley. Oh, in the shadows of the alleys. Oh, in the fire and in the flame, there was Jesus. Oh, in the waiting, in the searching, in the healing and the hurting, like a blessing buried in the broken pieces. Every minute, every moment, where I've been and where I'm going. Even when I didn't know it or couldn't see it, there was Jesus. There was Jesus. [Music] There was Jesus. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Aren't you glad? Even when you thought you was all alone, Jesus was there. Amen. I enjoyed that. Because of who you are. Because of who you are, I give you glory. [Music] Because of who you are, I give you praise. Because of who you are, I will lift my voice and say, "Lord, I worship you because of who you are." Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Jehovah Gyra, my proider, Jehovah n Lord, you reign in victory. Jehovah Shalom. You're my prince of peace and I worship you because of who you are. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Because of who you are, I give you glory. Because of who you are, I give you praise. Because of who you are, I will lift my voice and say, because of who you are, Lord, I worship you because of who you are. my victory. Jehovah Shalom. You're my prince of peace and I worship you because of who you are. I worship you because of who you are. Because of who you are, I give you glory. Because of who you are, I give you praise. Can you give him praise here this morning? because of who you are. I will lift my voice and say, Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. All together now. Jehovah Gyra, you're my pro fighter. Jehovah ny Lord you reign in victory. Jehovah shalom. You are my prince of peace. Lord I worship you because of who you are. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Let's sing that again as the man of God makes his way out. Because of who you are, I give you glory because of who you are. I give you praise because of who you are. I will lift my voice and say, Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. My pro fighter [Music] and I worship you. [Music] Amen. You worship him here this morning. Amen. God has been good to all of us. That's the That's the reason we worship him here tonight. Amen. What key are we in? Okay, let's go to um let's go to uh if we can. You unravel me with a meloyy. You surround me with a song of deliverance from my eneies. Till all my fears are gone. I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to fear. Thank you, Lord, for I am a child of God from my mother's womb. Oh, from my mother's womb. Thank God he's chosen me. Yes, your love has called my name. I've been born again. Oh, I've been born again into this family. Your blood flows through my vein. Are you thankful for that? Oh, I'm no longer a slave. Oh my. Thank you, Lord. Oh, I am a child of God. For I'm no longer a slave to fear, for I am a child of God. You split the seas. You split the sea so I can walk right through. He did that for you. My fears are drowned in perfect love. [Music] You rescued me so I can stand and say I am a child of God. I'm no longer Oh, I'm no longer Yes. Yes. Yes. to fear. Oh, I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to fear, for I am a child of God. [Music] Are you a child of God here this morning? If you are, you don't have to be bound by fear. Fear is a liar. Thinking of that song this morning. Fear is a liar. and it is a liar. Amen. We must cast our fears into the fire. Amen. God bless you here this morning. Like to say it's good to be back in the house of the Lord and appreciate brother Caleb stepping up and and helping us out here this morning. I thought he did a good job and um appreciate our musicians. Tell you, Amen. I appreciate them. There was a time when it was just me and Mary. So we we we can never leave because we didn't have any backup musicians. So it's it's really nice to see the next generation stepping up and and and giving their talents to the Lord. I think they're fantastic musicians. Amen. Well, God bless you here this morning. I'd like to turn if we may to First John 4:1. Appreciate Brother Nathaniel as well. Sister Clea's gone, so he's bouncing. If you can see from my angle, he's bouncing from screen to screen. So, Amen. I appreciate him as well. Amen. Amen. But first, John 4 and1, when you're there, say, "Amen." Brother Nathaniel, can we turn to verse four? I took out the first three verses here. Amen. Says, "Ye are of God, little children, and have overcome them because greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world." If we can stay in the same book, same chapter, but drop down to verse 18. 1 John 4 and verse 18. Amen. I know we can. We got the screen here, but I'll wait for y'all to turn in your Bibles. Amen. 1 John 4:18, it says, "For there is no fear in love, but perfect love casteth out fear, because fear has torment. He that fears is not made perfect in love." One more passage of scripture. Let's turn to a very familiar passage. Psalms 23. We're going to read the whole chapter. Amen. Psalms 23 and verse 1-6. When you're there, say amen. Amen. Psalms 23. The Lord is my shepherd. I shall not want. He maketh me to lie down in green pastures. He leadeth me beside the still waters. He restoth my soul. He leadth me in the paths of righteousness for his name's sake. And this is the scripture I want to get to. Says, "Yay, though walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil." Say that with me. I will fear no evil, for thou art with me. Thy rod and thy staff, they comfort me. Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies. And thou anointest my head with oil, and my cup runth over. And I love this. Surely goodness and mercy shall fall on me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever. Amen. May the Lord add his blessings to the reading of the word as you have your seats here tonight. And I do have one more passage of scripture. Ephesians 6 and 10. Ephesians 6 and10. and then we can get started. Amen. Sister Loretta, how how far are you alone? So, you got about three weeks left. Let's remember Sister Loretta in our prayers. Amen. I know I know Brother Josh wants to be here for her, but was thinking about you this morning. So, let's pray the Lord just continues to keep his hand upon you. Amen. But Ephesians 6 and verse 10 says, "Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord and in the power of his might. Put on the whole armor of God that ye may be able to stand against the ws of the devil. For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities and against powers, against the rulers of darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. Wherefore taking you unto you the whole armor of God that ye may be able to withstand in the day evil day and having done all to stand. Stand therefore having your loins gird about with truth and having on the breastplate of righteousness and your feet shaw with the prop preparation of the gospel of peace. and above all taking the shield of faith, wherewith ye should be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked, and take the helmet of salvation and the sword of the spirit, which is the word of God. And this morning, just for a uh a simple text, I know we've had a lot of ministers speak along these lines, but fear, fear will keep you bound. Fear will keep you bound. And I believe our battle is not in this physical world. It it's it's in the supernatural, the spiritual world. And if we could see into the other dimension right now, we we could see that there are angels present. And I believe the the angels or have surrounded us here this morning. But also there are demons and they are fighting for your thoughts and your emotions and your heart. It is a spiritual warfare. Get that right. So the greatest battle ever fought is it's in our mind. Brother Brandham taught us that it's in our thinking. And so the Bible tells us the different types of of weapons and protections that we will need to deal with the enemy. Um but through the lack of knowledge or understanding, the people perish. That's why it's so important that you you know your Bible. That way whenever the enemy attacks you in a certain area, you have the knowledge of the scripture to combat the devil in that area. And we see that Jesus defeated the devil by using scripture. And if it worked for him and if it was good enough for him, I believe it's good enough for us here this morning. Amen. Now, let me say this that we don't need a head knowledge of the scripture, but what we need is a relationship with the author of the book to where it's not just a duty to read this Bible. It's not just a duty to study it, but it's a love affair. When when you love someone, you you go up and beyond to express that love. And I believe that if you love Christ, you would get up and you would read this word and you would devote your life to the word because this is how you get out of here. This is how you defeat the devil. Ain't that right? And so this morning I want to talk a a little on spirits and want to keep our guard up against because there are many spirits that we we fight on a daily basis. How many can say amen to that? It seems like when when your eyes first open and your feet hit the floor, Satan is is attacking. &gt;&gt; That's why we must start our day out with dedication and devotion to the Lord. Give your day to God. Amen. And let that be the starting point of your day where you wake up and you feel his presence. Amen. Where it's not waking up, getting a cup of coffee or brushing your teeth. I heard brother Robert showers or uh dresses in the shower. Amen. But we start out our day with God being at the helm of our thoughts and at the helm of our heart to where God, I I need you in the decisions that I'm making. Ain't that right? Now, if I can say this here this morning, I I know we're a small group, and I appreciate your patience. I I I uh won't keep you long, but if I can have your attention here this morning, we don't have to be succumbed to the spirits of the age. We don't have to bow down to the devil. We We don't have to give in to the enemy. We don't have to listen to his lies. We don't have to let him pollute our mind and our our thoughts. We don't have to give him the time of day. Hallelujah. We have the power to prevent the thoughts from our we have the power to to not entertain the thoughts of the devil. We don't have to give him authority. You think about it. When a thought enters your mind and you begin to entertain that thought, what's going to happen? &gt;&gt; What will happen? Hello, somebody. &gt;&gt; Amen. Don't let him pollute your thoughts and your mind. But one spirit that I feel is really fighting us today is fear. We don't need to live in fear. Ain't that right? It says in the Bible a a total of 365 times that do not fear and fear not and be not afraid. That is that is for every day of the year. It is a reminder from the Lord to live without fear. &gt;&gt; Amen. What you fear will come upon you if you're not careful. Job 3:25 says, "For the thing which I greatly feared has come upon me. That which I was afraid of is come unto me." Brother Brandham says here in perfect faith in the book of Job, it says here Job feared and what he feared actually happened. What brought it? It was his fear. That's what made it happen. His faith would have kept him from it, but his fear brought it to him. And he also says here, the worst thing that the devil can put upon you is fear. So fear is one of the worst things that Satan can place upon an individual. Brother Brandham talks about cancer and he says what you fear, if you fear cancer, he says cancer will come upon you. Your fears will bring what you fear into manifestation. Ain't that right? So whatever you fear here this morning, combat that thing. Don't give into fears. If you do, what's going to happen? It will be made manifest in your life. Look at the people in 2020 and how everybody was so afraid of CO. They they locked themselves in their house never to get out. And and what happened? The ones that never got out. The ones that stayed locked in, they still ended up with CO. What they feared was brought into manifestation. We should not live in fear. I I pray I can get my point across here this morning that we should not live in fear. But many people do, sinners and Christians alike are tormented with fear. And we see as long as you obey the spirit of fear, it keeps you from fully trusting in God. It keeps you from fully obeying what God has for you. As long as you're living in fear, you're not obeying the scripture. The Bible says we don't have to live in fear. &gt;&gt; We don't have to give into the spirit of fear. Ain't that right? But as long as you live in fear, you will never be effective in the kingdom of God. You will never be able to use the gifts that God has given you. You will never be able to be used of God the way you need to be because you have now subjected your heart to fear. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's why you can never say you can't. Or when you say that, that means you are are fearful of trying. And you will never know what you can do until you get past the the spirit of trying. That fear of trying. And there are many types of fear today. And I'm going to go through them real fast. I can't say these names. I'm not that smart. But we're going to run through them just real quick. I'm going to pronounce their meanings. There's fear of bathing. Man, does anyone have a fear of that? I hope not. Hope not. You got a fear of bathing? Fear of darkness, fear of heights, fear of flying. There's fear of pain, fear of open spaces or crowds, fear of needles, fear of riding in a car, fear of men, fear of air, fear of choking, fear of anger, fear of flowers, fear of people, fear of being touched, fear of water, my favorite, fear of peanut butter. My fear of spiders. Amen. I don't like spiders. Fear of numbers. Fear of thunder and and lightning. Fear of outer space. Fear of of untidiness. Fear of imperfection. Fear of failure. Fear of humanlike figures. Oh man. Fear of being alone. Fear of bacteria. Fear of gravity. Fear of stairs. Fear of of pens and needles. Fear of books. Fear of plants. Fear of smelling bad. That's my fear. I don't want to sound like it's smelling bad. Fear of ugliness. Oh boy. Fear of being ridiculed. Fear of mirrors. Fear of snow. Fear of spending money. I don't have that fear. Amen. Fear of colors, fear of clocks, fear of time, fear of food, fear of confined spaces, fear, fear of being trapped, fear of climbing, fear of clowns, fear of computers, fear of dogs, fear of demons, fear of making decisions, fear of madness, fear of trees, fear of dentists, fear of houses, fear of accidents, fear of home, cats, vomiting, crowds, insects, teenagers. There's Amen. I think that's every parent's fear. Amen. Fear of horses and fear of marriage. Fear, fear of knees, fear of speaking in public, fear of women, touch, sun, blood, reptiles, the number 666, fear of long words. And if you could only look at the at the word that's described in this, it's the longest word out of them all. And it's fear of long words. Water, illness, doctors, insects, uh, germs, my goodness. Night, fear of being without your phone, fear of hospitals, diseases, dark, weight gain. Yeah. Figure eight. and and rain, fear of eyes, snakes, birds, smells, shellfish, paper. I mean, you can go on and on and on and on. I'm so glad that these fears have a name. I'm so glad that these fears have a name because every name has to bow to the name of Jesus Christ here this morning. So, we can continue on and they have name after name after name and definition of of sleep and speed and monsters. But to this morning, whatever you fear has to bow to the name of Jesus Christ here this morning. We don't have to let this fear, whatever you're facing, sir and overtake your life, but allow yourself to surrender to God. Give it to God. &gt;&gt; Amen. My goodness, we got so many more holes and fear of beautiful women and germs and witchcraft and the color yellow and and foreigners and animals and vacuum cleaners. We can continue to go on and on and on. If I can say this, fear has torment. I would imagine every one of us has had some kind of fear before or you're facing fear today. And we can all say amen to this. Fear does have torment. It will torment you. It will take your sleep. It it takes your thoughts. it. If you're not careful and you submit yourself to that spirit of fear, it will take your mind. It causes people to go insane. But this isn't from God, but from your enemy, the devil. God does not torment you. He gives you peace. It is God that gives you peace. The devil wants to torment your mind. He wants to plague your mind. He He wants to take your sanity and your peace and your joy, but it's not from God. God gives you a spirit of peace. And if you only allow him to come in and take out that fear, God will restore your joy again. He will restore your mind again. You say, "Brother Kobe, I I feel like I'm losing my mind. I'm going crazy." Give it to God, man. Trying their self with all these different kind of drugs and and medicines to try to to try to calm depression and anxiety. But there's something that's better than anything the doctors can give you. It's Jesus Christ. He is the one that can take the fear. He can take the anxiety, the oppression, whatever you're facing this morning. Oh my. Jesus says here in John 10:10, "The thief cometh not but to steal and to kill and to destroy, but I come that you might have life, and that you might have it more abundantly. I am the good shepherd, and the good shepherd giveth his life for his sheep." He goes down to verse 14, says, "I am the good shepherd and know my sheep." Oh, thank God for that. And am known of mine. But why do people have fear? Because fear is the working of Satan to keep you from fully trusting God. When you live in fear, you can't trust God. Hello, somebody. When you live in fear, you can't trust God. There's fear of death now and fear of accidents, fear of being robbed, and fear of losing your home. And the list of fears is never ending as long as you are afraid. And you give power to that devil. You say, "Brother Kobe, I can't seem to to get rid of it." Or what kind of power are you giving it? Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Only you can entertain that thought. Only you can feed that thought and let it grow in your mind because it starts out as a seed, something very small. How does a seed grow? I'm going to open this up. This is class participation here this morning. How does a seed grow? Water, sunshine. That's right. The right ground. How does a seed grow in your mind? What you listen to, what you watch. You say, "Brother Kobe, I'm I'm fighting depression." Okay. You say, "I I can't seem to get rid of this depression." What are you watching? What are you listening to? What are you reading? What are you allowing your mind, your body to be subject to? You say, "I want this depression." Now, why don't you put on some godly music in your home? Why don't you get rid of all all those soaps or whatever they watch these days? All the things that keep you depressed and that keep you you battered down. The music that you listen to. I'm a big fan. Well, not a big fan, but I I do like a few songs of Forest Frank, but if that's all I ever listen to, do you really think it's going to help me overcome the spirits of the age? &gt;&gt; Do you really think me wanting to lose weight right here, eating junk food all the time, and I'm always always complaining that I can never lose weight, but I have a burger and a shake in my hand, Patrick? Yeah. Do you really think I have a right to complain if I'm not taking the proper steps or proper channels to to lose the weight? We're always complaining to God, but God, why haven't you you got me out of this depression? And God, why are these chains of anxiety still in my life? What are you doing about it? You have a job to do. &gt;&gt; You have to do something. God wants to take it out of your life, but you got to quit feeding the seed and kill it. &gt;&gt; Destroy it. Let God come in and take the root out. &gt;&gt; Oh my. &gt;&gt; But you will never get over your fears without God. Why do you think you need the new birth? And why do you think you need the Holy Ghost? You need a a stability at the helm. You need someone there that can govern you when you're going down the wrong path or you feel the thoughts coming in your mind. You need someone there to tell you that, hey, that's wrong. Hey, you got to let that out. Hey, you got to let that bitterness go. Hey, that fear that you're holding on, I'm here. I'm the captain. I'm at the helm. Let it go. &gt;&gt; He is the stability in your life. Without God, fear will reign in your life. Remember, the heart does need a captain. &gt;&gt; You have two captains. You got fear or faith. You got the devil or you got God. What are you going to be governed by? I hope this is okay this morning. But what you fear will become your master. We see that Satan is at work in the world today with with murder and with hate and with wars and with sickness. A and the church h has become accustomed to the onslaught that the devil is throwing at us. He we have been accustomed to living in defeat. Oh my. We have been accustomed to living bound and to living sick and to living in condemnation. But I think here this morning, we got to say enough is enough. We got to say enough is enough. I know we've grown accustomed to the change that we have been in, but I'm here to tell you there is a chain breaker this morning, and we don't have to leave this house, this church the same way. &gt;&gt; We can allow God to come in and break the chain. I I know, I know, I know I'm probably beating a dead horse here this morning, but pride, pride, pride will leave you bound. It will leave you in in in a state that you've been in year after year after year. It's time to swallow up pride &gt;&gt; and say, "God, I can't do this on my own." And God, I I need help here this morning. We get so so used and we we want to we want to be looking good and we don't want people thinking that we've done something wrong by by coming to the altar and by by confessing our sin. That's pride. &gt;&gt; Satan loves pride. What got him kicked out of heaven? Yeah, &gt;&gt; pride. &gt;&gt; And if he can keep pride in the heart, God will never allow you will never have a full breakthrough. But I'm here to tell you this morning, release the pride and you can let the fears go as well. &gt;&gt; Boy, I hope this is okay here this morning. It's it's been my heart. Matthew 6 and 24 says, "No man can serve two masters, for either he will hate the one and love the other, or else he will hold on to the one and despise the other." You cannot serve God and mammon. Therefore, I say unto you, take no thought for your life, what you shall eat, or what you shall drink, nor yet for your body what you shall put on. Is not the life more than meat and the body than raignment. If we can also turn to Matthew 6 and30 because people are worried about the unknown. In Matthew 6:30 says, "Wherefore, if God so clothe the grass of the field, which today is, and tomorrow is cast into the oven, shall we not much more clothe ye, oh ye of little faith?" Therefore, take no thought in what shall we eat, or what shall we drink, or wherewith shall we be clothed? For after all these things do the Gentiles seek, for your heavenly Father knoweth that ye have need of all things. I love this next part of scripture says, "But seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness, and all of these things shall be added unto you." First John 4 and 18 says, "For there is no fear in love, but perfect love casteth out fear because fear hath torment. He that fearth is not made perfect in love." Verse 19 says, "We love him because he first loved us." Are you thankful for that here this morning? But we know we are in an age that 200,000,000 demons have been released. I'm about to bring this to a close here in a few minutes. So bear with me. Now, these demons have been released for the sole purpose of destroying you and getting you off of your path to get you comfortable service after service and year after year in the condition that you're in. And I understand the cares of life can put us to sleep and it we can become laxed and we can become tired. And I'm thinking of you sisters and my I have high respect for you mothers and you sisters here this morning. But taking care of your husband and your house and your children. I I can see my my wife I'm just speaking from my heart for a minute. I I I wish my wife was here to to give her the flowers she deserves. I found out I don't know how to iron a shirt. I should try this morning. Do what? Well, I have it on so I'm not taking my jacket off, but I have high respect for her and seeing what she deals with and the weight. I'm so, you know, I thank God every day for her that I I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for her. We're going on on 15 years of marriage. It's hard to believe. Thank you. 15 years of marriage. And honestly, if it was up to her, she probably would already left. But I'm so glad that God kept us together. Amen. But seeing the weight that's on her shoulders and what she does and how she cries and the insecurities that come. And it's in these moments, these moments of weakness where Satan will come in and he will plant thoughts that that that that that that husband doesn't care and that God doesn't care and they plant fear and anxiety and depression that nobody cares for me and nobody loves me and that God has forgotten about me. Let me tell you something. God has not forgotten about you. Hello, somebody. He has heard your prayers and he has seen the tears because it's in those moments that I know as as a husband I face the fears of am I a good enough husband? Am I a good enough father? Have I done everything I can? And that now that my children are hitting the teenage years have I done everything I can to to put the gospel in their heart where Satan's going to come in and fight. Have I done enough? Have I done enough? It's a fear. It's anxiety. I faced the fears of of of not being loved and not not not really, you know, may maybe I the world would be a better place without me or or or maybe the the family would be better without me. I face those fears. And it's in those times of fears, if you're not careful, you'll begin to entertain the thought of suicide. I hope this is okay. You say, "How do you know, brother Kobe? I fought it. I faced it. I almost gave into the fears of not being good enough. But let me tell you something. Those are lies straight from the pits of hell. Those are a fear that Satan puts upon you. Remember, God does not give you the spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a sound mind. It is God that stabilizes your mind, stabilizes your marriage, stabilizes your family. It is God that keeps his hand upon your life. It is God. God dictates our life, not fear. &gt;&gt; In a world that has gone insane, that has lost their mind. In a world that's governed by fear, the bride has a testimony that she has a sound mind here this morning. &gt;&gt; It's not your abilities. &gt;&gt; It's not your gifts. It's not your good looks. It's not prestige. It is God. What do you think the world has gone and say they're living off fear by what they watch? Have you noticed today that seems like every new movie that comes out, it's a horror film. What is it doing? It's plague of the minds with fear. People are living in fear. But the bride does not have to live in fear. She is being governed. Governed by God. &gt;&gt; I hope that's okay. Amen. &gt;&gt; But there are three realms that I that we fight that the spirits can go into. We understand a dad did a a heavy study on this a while back, but it's the body, it's the spirit, and it's in your soul. What is in your soul will govern your five senses of your spirit and five senses of the body because we are governed by what? taste, smell, touch or feel, hearing and seeing. Correct? Can anyone tell me what the five manifestations are of the spirit man? Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. We understand that what that dad taught us that all of these are going to the soul. Out of the abundant out of the abundance of the mouth the heart or out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh. What you have here is what will come out here. Ain't that right? Brother Bram says here now you've got your senses. You got see, taste, feel, smell, and hear. They're they're all right. But don't trust them unless they agree with the word. They're all right. But if they disagree with the word, don't listen to them. Now, imaginations, conscience, memories, reasons, and affection, they're all right if they agree with the word. But if your affection doesn't agree with the word, get rid of it. You blow a a flu real quick. That's right. See, if your reason disagrees with the word, get away from it. That's right. The engine, your memory, your imaginations, your conscience, anything disagrees with that on the inside, get rid of them. That's good advice. If there's anything that's going on in your life that's keeping you away from God, get rid of it. &gt;&gt; Ain't that right? &gt;&gt; But we see here that we are fighting. I'm at 30 minutes. Give me a few more minutes here. We see that we are fighting a real enemy. Ain't that right? And he does have a real influence. He is real. His presence has been made known. We we can see him in the world in a powerful way today, can't we? But we don't have to fear him. But we can't go through life pretending that he does not exist. You say, "Brother Kobe, spirits don't influence." Well, I'm my old man. Are you really your old man? Hello, somebody. &gt;&gt; What about the conversation that happened in heaven where where God asked, "Who will go and deceive Ahab?" A lion spirit came and said, "I will." What happened when that spirit went into the 400 prophets of Baal? They lied, didn't they? And we see that there's a lot of deception going on in the land today. Just bear with me as I as I get through this here, where people feel that they're all right in the condition that they're in. And and they feel like they have the right to correct what the prophet said. But I'm telling you here this morning that these are spirits from the pits of hell. &gt;&gt; Satan is the only one that can plant doubt in your mind. Cast that spirit out. 2 Corinthians 10:3 says, "For though we walk in the flesh, we do not war after the flesh. For the weapons of our warfare is not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds, casting down imaginations, and every high thing that exaltth itself against the knowledge of God, and bring it into captivity. Every thought, every thought, fear, anxiety, depression, suicide, whatever it is, well, I I'm not good enough. every thought to the obedience of Christ. Brother Brandham says here, "Now today, so many people are listening to enticing spirits in thestead of taking the word of God." Spirits, they're in the world. They're demons. They go into places and and get amongst ministers. They get amongst church members. They get amongst good people that cause them to do things and they say things and do things and teach things and practice things that's contrary to the word of God. If I can say this, why would we want to allow an entrance for the devil to come in when we're trying to keep him out? &gt;&gt; Hello, somebody. &gt;&gt; Why do we allow the devil to come in without a fight? You say, "Brother Kobe, how's that possible? If I'm fighting spirits in my home, I got to look as the husband of the home, what am I am I allowing to come into my home?" Okay. What movies have I allowed to come into my home? Okay. What music have I allowed my children to listen to? What things are they reading? What what things are are they thinking about? Because if there's a spirit of of of of contentment in the house, where does it come from? Okay, it comes from the devil. How is it controlling my house, my home, my marriage, my family? What am I doing to prevent it? There's a lot of times we allow things to come into our home and into our heart, into our mind without putting up a fight. You say, "Brother Kobe, if we put up a fight, will we have a perfect marriage?" I wish we would. I wish our marriage would be perfect. I I wish I could say me and my wife's never fought. I I wish I could say that that my that me and my children have never got into it. But if God is at the helm, there's forgiveness. There may be times we fight out of fear. There may be times we fight out out of things that are or whatever is going on in our life. But if God's there, forgiveness is there. &gt;&gt; Oh my, I'll I'll get away from that. &gt;&gt; But you become what you eat. You become what you watch. Brother Brandham says here, brother, with when this old heart gets right with God, the eagle spirit begins to move up and you climb above these things of the world. The trouble of it of it is is we're not attending prayer meeting and attending church and doing what's right. We're staying whole to to to see some movie play or something like that on televisions or uncensored programs, some of these dirty jokes and things they're cracking. That's the wrong thing to put our young generation of people to. Used to be it was wrong for the people, holiness people to go to the movies. The devil pulled one on them. He put one right in the house. That is right. Now it's no longer a a big old TV screen. It's this right here. &gt;&gt; Hope this is okay. Fear comes from this. The news all the time. News after news. Do we find anything edified out of the news anymore? What is the news there to do? To install fear. &gt;&gt; Movies. It's easy. If I can say this, and forgive me if I'm just being too blunt with this, it's now easy enough to find pornography right here. At my age, we didn't have phones. Honest, if I can just be honest, if there's things that we were fighting at that time, we had to go to the store and buy magazines or whatever else. Now, it's right here. It's right here. Everything is at the push of a button right here. Things you can watch, things you can listen to, right here. Just as it's easy enough to see the pollution of the world right here on your device, it's easy enough now to get the message of the hour. &gt;&gt; Just as Satan is throwing all his tactics through this device, God is throwing tactics through this device as well, saying, "Here's the message of the hour." You're fighting depression. Listen to the message. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; But movies are are now are indoctrinating our young people. I'm almost done. as the musicians get get ready to come. They're starting to push homosexuality where where kids think it's normal now to have two dads a two mothers. And if I can say this, music is also indoctrinating our young people. &gt;&gt; Indoctrinating society. I'm still speaking on fear. Bear with me now. &gt;&gt; Satan is pushing an agenda to keep you bound to this world. And he's used whatever tactic he can to keep us suppressed, to keep us down, to keep us bound. But I'm here to tell you this morning, you don't have to be under that suppression any longer. &gt;&gt; Oh my. People are living out what they watch and what they read. You say, "Brother Kobe, music don't influence." Well, I beg to differ. People are listening to a song and they go out and and live out that song. And we can see in the Bible when Saul was possessed by a demon, David would play music and that spirit would leave. Ain't that right? Just as bad music can influence demonic forces and it can fuel that fear, good music, oh my, can bring a troubled heart that's struggling with fear, that's struggling with the thoughts of the everyday living. It can bring a a spirit within that home to calm the mind and the heart. Oh my. You got to understand here this morning. That we're in an age of of of of technology where it's just keeping us so busy. Don't have time for God anymore, but we can sure go watch a football game. We don't got time anymore, but I can I can sure go out and play golf. Spend four hours at a golf course. We we we we we we don't have time to to pray and dedicate our life, but we can sure do this and to do that. I think it's time that we bring dedication back into the home and to the church again. It's time that the church is not living under the thumb of the devil anymore. Come on, somebody. I know this is simple here this morning, but I'm I'm trying to tell you that fear fear fear is a tactic that we don't have to live by anymore. Oh my. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I hope this has been okay. Amen. Amen. I'm so glad you say, "Brother Colobby, I want to be free." If you want to be free here this morning, they're the chain breaker. Oh my. There's someone here. It's not you, not your pastor, it's not your husband or spouse. It's it's God himself. Only God can break you of the chains. Only Only God can deliver you of the of the fear that you have in your mind. Ain't that right? Skip through some of this real quick. Amen. Amen. You love him here this morning. Amen. God God is good. Amen. Amen. You say, "Brother Colby, I make mistakes and I've I've I've made a lot." Well, you're looking at a person that's made a lot. You see, Brother Kobe, I can't get past the condemnation of of what I've done, and I I wish I can get past it. God can get you past that condemnation here this morning. I faced it for many many years of condemnation things I've done and of of the things I've I've said thought complexes from things that I've done in my life and I I I I wish I can say I would never make a mistake again but I don't have to live by the fear of condemnation. Hello somebody. As long as we're in this flesh we are going to make mistakes. You're going to see something you regret. I don't care if you're as as awesome as our deacon, brother Harry. Nothing ever gets under his skin. I wish I had I wish I was Brother Harry. But things get under my skin. And as long as we're in this flesh, we're going to fight things that are mine. We're going to fight fears, brother Joe. We'll face we'll fight fears. But what makes us different from the world is we are not giving oursel over to that fear. If it was how the world lives without God, it's easy to give into the fear, the anger, the resentment, the the bitterness, the hatred that we see in our society today. It's easy to do it. What makes us different is God is right here. God is right here. And when we go through something in our mind and it feels like we're going to lose control, it is God that steers the ship. Oh, I wish we could see that here this morning. Oh my. I will skip through all of this here. Can we bow our heads here tonight? Heavenly Father, we love you. And Father, you've told us that we don't have to live in a spirit of fear that it's not from you, Lord, but you've given us a sound mind. And Lord, I know every individual in here has faced some kind of fears before of not being accepted or loved, not being good enough, face the thought of, well, what what what's going to happen when I do have children or or the children I do have? What have I done enough, Lord? And we can, if we're not careful, the fears will drive us insane, Lord. But we understand that this is a tactic from the devil, but it's not from you. And this morning, Father, if anyone is facing fear and anxiety and oppression or depression here this morning, Lord, whatever form of fear may be in their hearts, I pray that you perform surgery, Lord, and cut it out. Root out the bitterness, the anxiety, Father, the resentment, whatever, whatever it is, Lord. Whatever fear is plaguing the hearts of your people, we're not ordained to be held down by fear. God, you put us here to overcome it, not be controlled by it. And here this morning, Lord, I pray that every heart which is open up to you, Lord, examine the hearts, Father, from the youngest to the oldest, from the front, from myself, Lord, in the front all the way to the back with brother Harry, Lord, Sister Stephanie, Father, there in in the in the Sunday school or the the nursery. Lord, I pray from back there to up here, Lord, that you examine every heart. You see, every life, Lord, we want to please you, Father. Our heart is to please you, Lord. We don't want nothing to stand in between you and you and us. Father, take everything out. Lord, my heart is open. Take out any anything, Lord. any off that I may have, any complexes I may have, any fear Lord that I may have, take it out, Lord, here this morning, Father. May there be a liberty in this church once again. May there be a liberty in the hearts of your people, Lord. Thank you, Father. We thank you for your mercy and your love. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. And how does that song start? That ver first verse. Oh, fear is a liar. It will take your breath, stop you in your steps. Fear is a liar. [Music] It will rob your rest, steal your happiness, cast your fears in the fire, cause fear, he is alive. Can we do verse one now? When he told you you're not good enough. When he told you you're not right. When he told you you're not strong enough to put up a good fight. When he told you you're not worthy. When he told you you're not loved. When he told you you're not beautiful. You'll never be enough of fear. is a liar. Yes, he is. He will take your breath, stop you in your steps. Fear is a liar. He will rob your rest, steal your happiness, cast your feast in the fire, [Music] fear, he is a liar. Verse two, when he told you you were troubled, would he forever be alone? When he told you you should run away, you'll never find a home. When he told you you were dirt, I've been there and you should be ashamed. When he told you you could be the one, grace will never change or fear is a liar. [Music] [Applause] Hey. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Down. [Music] [Applause] [Music] In the fire cause fear, he is a liar. Verse three, let your fire fall and cast out all my fears. Let your fire fall. Your love is all I fear. Let your fire fall and cast out all my fear. Let your fire fall. Your love is all I fear. But fear is a liar. Oh, fear is a liar. He will take your breath, stop you in your steps. Fear [Music] is a liar. He will rob your rest, your happiness. Cast your fear in the fire. fear. He is a liar. [Music] Can we go to G? Oh, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Oh, now Satan's like, Roaring Light, home to and fro, seeking whom he made a vow. The Bible tells us so. And many souls have been his prey. The fall has some weak hour. But God has promised us to his overcoming power. Oh now greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Oh greater is he that is in me than he that is. God bless you. Now turn around and greet someone as you leave. For the day of Pentecost, a rushing mighty wind. It blew into the upper room and baptized all of them. And with the power gater there, he f. And I'm so glad I've got it, too. I'm going to let the whole world know. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me.
