################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-18 - 2025-06-18 Bro Wendall Martin The Church Age Book #41 - The True Witness - Wendall Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-18
Title:    2025-06-18 Bro Wendall Martin "The Church Age Book #41 - The True Witness"
Speaker:  Wendall Martin
Church:   New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 39m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d9Lq9RD6vwU
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
found the answer. My life is starting to rhyme. Oh, sharing each new day with him like a cup of fresh. [Music] [Laughter] He was waiting right there all the time. [Music] [Music] the time. [Music] Christ was there. [Music] Never again will I search for some faith rainbow. Now that I found the answer, my life is starting to [Music] Each new day with like a cup of [Music] What I missed waiting right all the time. He was there all the time. [Music] He was there all the time waiting patiently. [Music] He was there. [Music] Yes, he was the time [Music] for me. My sins have been washed from his memory by the blood of the lambary [Music] who [Music] I know it's [Music] and hide my head in chain. [Music] And I know what it's like to really hurt [Music] and feel no sense of sorrow at their pain. But I know what it's like to have enough of my disgrace and find because of Jesus blood my sins can be erased. Yes, he has forgiven me. My sins have been washed from his memory. It's by the blood of the lamb at Calary [Music] that he has for me. Do you know what it's like for God to be your friend? to talk to him with. Do you know what it's like when the day comes to an end to sleep in your heart? [Music] Do you know what it's like when the accuser comes your way to look him squarely in the eyes with confidence and say he has for me my sins have been washed from his mey by the blood of the lamb at Calary. Oh, he has for me. Do you know what it's like for God to be your friend? Talk to him with nothing in between. Do you know what it's like? It comes to an end to sleep in peace because your heart is clean. Do you know what it's like when the accuser comes your way to look him squarely in the eyes with confidence and say that he [Music] messed have been washed from his mey by the blood of the lamb calary. Yes, he has for me. Yes, he has for me. My sins have been washed from his mey by the blood of the lamb at [Music] me. It's by the blood of the lambary [Music] that he [Music] work [Music] [Music] [Music] Birdeneath [Music] the load of Gil. and shame. [Music] But in the hand of Jesus, he touched me. [Music] Now I am no longer the same. [Music] He touched me. He touched me. [Music] The joy that floods my soul [Music] for something [Music] and me. [Music] I met his blessing savior. He cleans and made me whole. [Music] I shall never cease to praise him. Yes, I will shout it while eternal hero. He touched me. [Music] He touched me [Music] joy that my soul [Music] has now. I know he touched me and made me whole. [Music] I was shackled by a heavy burden [Music] that load of guilt and shame. [Music] In the hand of Jesus, [Music] he touched me. Now I am no longer the same. [Music] He touched me. He touched me. The joy that my soul for something has happened and now I know he touched me and made me whole. Oh, and since I met this bless [Music] he and made me whole. Now I shall never cease to praise him. I will shout it while eternal grow. [Music] Oh Jesus, touch me. [Music] The joy that floods my soul. I know something has now. I know [Music] he touched me and made me for something [Music] now. I know he touched me and made me [Music] undeiled. Live pure lives walking holy and uprise. Oh, keep your standers lifted high by living and undeiled. [Music] In a world of compromise, standards have lowered, making lives so devalued till our moral goods are lost. But in the midst of all the sin, we have virtues deep within. No matter what the cost undeiled, [Music] real pure lives walking holy and upright. Oh, keep your stay. dirts lifted high by living clean and undefile. Can we try that next verse? And when we walk down the street, all the people that we meet sold our cheap were worth much more. tempations drawing near. Let's turn and run from the evil snare. Yes, the temple of the Lord undefiled. Oh, undeiled. [Music] Oh, live pure life. Walking holy and upright. Keep your standers lifted high by living things and undeiled. [Music] Love, you are life. You are Lord over everything. Alpha Omega, Jehovah, the King of Kings, wonderful way. Maker worthy of my offering. Hallowed be thy name. You are love. You are life. You are Lord over everything. Alpha Ome. Jehovah the King of Kings. wonderful way. Make worthy of my offering. Hallowed be thy name. Once again, now you are love. You are life. You are Lord over everything. Alpha Ome Jehovah, the King of Kings. Wonderful way. Make worthy of my offering. Hallow be one more time. You are love. You are life. You are Lord over everything. Alpha Omega. Jehovah, the King of Kings. Wonderful way. Make worthy of my offering. Hallowed be thy name. [Music] Oh, search me Lord. [Music] Oh, search me Lord. Oh, let your light down from heaven over my soul. Oh, if you find anything that should not be, take it out, Lord, and strengthen me. I want to live right. I want Can we go up a key as we sing it again? Turn around and greet someone now. Oh, search me Lord. Oh, search me Lord. [Music] Oh, let your light down from heaven over my soul. [Music] Oh, if you find anything that should not be, take it out, oh Lord, strengthen me. I want to live right. Want to be saved. And I want to be whole. Oh, search me, Lord. Oh, search me, Lord. Let your light down from heaven over my soul. And if you find anything that should not be taken out, oh Lord, strengthen me. I want to live right. I want to be saved and I want to be whole. One more time. Oh, search me, Lord. Oh, search me, Lord. I'll let your light down from heaven over my soul. [Music] Oh, if you find anything that should not be taken out of Lord, strengthen me. I want to live right. I want to be saved. And I'll sing it now with Sister Cassie comes. Oh, serve me, Lord. Oh, search me Lord. Oh, let your light down from heaven over my soul. Well, if you find anything that should not be taken out, oh Lord, strengthen me. I want to live right. I want to be saved. and I want to be. Oh, Amen. Is that your desire tonight? God bless you. Now, it is good to have Sister Cassie and Brother Michael with us here tonight. Amen. I put her on the spot. Bless her, Lord. [Music] [Music] There's a light It will spread and splend [Music] the control. I can see the crystal river. must be forever. I see the bright shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. This world has been a wilderness and I'm ready for deliverance cuz Lord I've never been this home sick before. I can see the family gathers we faces all familiar. No one's old or fe anymore. [Music] Oh, this bonesome heart is crying. I think I'll spread my wings for flying because I've never been this home sick before. I see the bright shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. This world has been a wilderness and I'm ready for deliverance. Cuz Lord, I've never been this home safe before. I see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. This world has been a wilderness. And I'm ready for deliverance. Cuz Lord, I've never been this homeick before. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Thank you so much. Amen. Just love that song. Amen. Can we just stand to our feet? Sister Keys, can we try that song as Let's try a D maybe. Sometimes I fall to my knees and pray. [Music] Oh come Jesus come. Let today be the day. [Music] Sometimes I feel like I'm going to break, but I'm holding on [Music] to a hope that won't fade. Is this your prayer? Oh, come Jesus, come. We've been waiting so long for the day you return. Heal every hurt and write every wrong. [Music] We need you right now. Oh my. Come and turn this around. [Music] Oh, deep down I know this world is in. Come Jesus, come. Sing it as the man of God comes, there'll be no war. Oh my. And there'll be no chance [Music] when Jesus comes. Let today be the day. Oh my. You'll come for the weak and the strong just the same. And all will be [Music] in the power of his name. Can you just lift a hand and sing it now? Oh, come Jesus, come. Yes, Lord. We've been waiting so long. Oh, my for the day you'll return to heal every hurt and write every wrong. We need you right now. Come and show this around. [Music] Oh, deep down I know this world isn't home. Come Jesus, come. Can we do that last verse now? And one day he'll come and we'll stand face to face. Come and lay it all down. Oh my. Cause it might be today. [Music] The time is right now. There's no need to wait. [Music] Your path will be washed by rivers of grace. Come Jesus, come. Oh, come Jesus, come. [Music] [Music] Oh, [Music] around. [Music] Oh, let's sing it again. [Music] Jesus. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh yes. Turn it around [Music] deep down in snow. Jesus come. Jesus come. Praise the Lord. Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. I'm so glad. So thankful [Music] that we have a a great promise and it is an incredible promise um that we should all be looking forward to. and um the uh the the craziness that's in the world and and the things that's that's shaping up right now over there in the Middle East and and um just just before the service uh before I came out uh a brother had sent me a a deal at China uh you know they've got these tracker systems and for their planes and and there's just been plane after plane after plane coming and leaving Iran and um they've got this tracker and it's got it's got the leaders of the world asking what are they dropping off, what are they doing. We've got we've we've got the Iran supreme leader uh saying that they're going to show us something that the world will never forget. We know that the US has the only bomb that can penetrate down inside uh the the the big uh u the the place where they they're they've got what am I the uranium and yeah the the underground bunkers and they know where it's at trying to get the I the USA to come in and you know there's just a with a lot of spectation going on right now. And um even even President Trump has has asked Putin to come in and start intervening and talk talk some sense into uh the Iranian leader. And you know, we don't we don't know what we we we could be home this week. We we really just don't know. We don't know when the rapture time is coming. But brothers, man, there's there's a there's there should be there's there's there's a whole lot of reason for some excitement in the hearts of the believers. Amen. It's not a time of sorrow and sadness. It's a time of being prepared and make sure we're under the token, the blood, and being ready and knowing that God's got a purpose for you and me being here. And Lord, let us fulfill our purpose to the tea. Can you say amen? And so, you know, today's a was a is a big day for uh the Cochran family and u uh Sister Katrina and and brother Nathaniel have adopted Daniel and Devon. And uh [Applause] and so we're we're sure proud for you all and uh proud for these boys and and and so we're that I it was an exciting time and um it was nice that so many people got to come uh to witness that and the judge says half the county came. Amen. with us all being there. And so that was that was just really nice to see all the support for brother Nathaniel and sister Katrina. Um we brother uh Donald the last I heard is is doing better. Is has anyone got a um has anyone heard anything else on brother uh Donald? Yeah. Okay. So, is it is he able to hold his food down yet? He's he's just been throwing up. He's thrown up last night and then this morning. And so, let let's just continue to pray for Brother Donald just he went through a major surgery. And so, um let's let's be praying for for him. So, um so so good to have um the other Cochran family back there. And [Applause] and this is our this is our miracle baby back there that Sister Cassie is holding. And uh I'm just And she's she's just adorable. That baby is so cute. And uh and so we're sure we we are just so happy for brother Michael and sister Cassie and so glad to have you guys here with us tonight. And of course it's good to have brother and sister Cochran with us here tonight on a Wednesday night. So and so it just you know just just a wonderful thing to know the Lord. Let's um let's as we're going to look here in the scriptures and um um I want us to turn there there's two places I I'd like to to uh read and um here in Ephesians 2 and 10 and then also uh 4 and 1. And uh we're going to um look into the I want to read a little bit from the church ages tonight. Thank you, Lord Jesus. So, Ephesians 2 and 10, for we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works, which God hath before ordained that we should walk in them. also in the book of Ephesians 4 and um the the first verse and it says I therefore the prisoner of the Lord beseech you that you walk worthy of the vocation wherewith you are called. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Father, we want to thank you today, Lord, that you have been so good to us, Lord, bringing Brother Donald through his surgery and and we're just asking, Father, that your Holy Spirit would be with him, Lord, and and heal him and direct him, Father. just ask that you're Lord that you would lift his spirits Father as he is is healing and God you see what this u this throwing up Lord what's causing it and Father we're just asking that you would help him father as as as he is Lord he's has his chest cut open and Lord it just hurts to throw up it hurts to it just hurts to live right now. And I'm just asking, God, that you let your ministering angels be all around him and comfort him and strengthen him and heal him. Father, be with sister Angie there, Lord, and Angie as she's there by his side. And Father, we we thank you for the wonderful event today for the Cochran family. We just ask that you would bless Brother Nathaniel and Sister Katrina, Lord, as they have opened their hearts and home and name unto their boys. And we just ask that you would bless this family in such a wonderful way. May the presence of divine love just overshadow them, Father. Lord, we thank you for your word of promise. And we just ask that you would help us tonight as we as we read the church age book and comment a little bit. Just ask that your presence would be with us in the name of the Lord Jesus. Can the church say amen? And amen. God bless you. You can be seated here tonight. Praise the Lord. We um we're going to u minister on the true witness. And so, um, we're going to start in our reading in in page 331 and all the way down to the bottom um there uh where it says salutation and um uh so we will we will read there and I think it's a it's a it's a good thing for us to know uh for us to really recognize and truly understand and again you know what I've said it so many times and is the adoption age is when we when sons of God comes to the full understanding of what God has been doing. And so this this adoption age is a is is an incredible age of grace. It's an incredible age of maturity. It's when son and father can talk and and communicate eye to eye. Amen. They can sit down and have communication with one another. Amen. Now, um the brother Torrance, it's so good to see you tonight. God bless you. We uh we have sure missed you. Amen. And um we we don't you just love Brother Torrance? Uh, brother Torrance is just a a a wonderful man, wonderful man of God. So we say, God bless you. Amen. And um so but but grace it but it's all grace. Um adoption is not is not where you're earning anything. Well, you know, uh where where you're learning to live, right? You have to earn and learn and earn and that's not it. is you're coming to a reality to where you're understanding what what the father has had in his plan all along. Amen. You're coming to grips with things. You're understanding. And even in our personal walks with God, in our in our situations, we understand that everything that is happening in our situations, every circumstance, it's orchestrated by God for us to overcome. Amen. and to rule and reign over and and so that it is an act. We we are acting in faith. We're standing up as sons of God. We're not falling apart. We're not we're not allowing our ourselves to uh waver one way or the other. We're in the last of the last. We're fixing to take over the world. Amen. the the authority has been given to us and God is teaching us through the message how we are to act, how we are to stand and faith. Brother Brandham says faith must be at its highest rapturing faith. He said there there has got to be a greater faith than any other time before walking into this rapture. So this rapture is going to require a matured faith. So when we talk about adoption, when we talk about this message, we're we're we're it's it's it's not just another corner uh to to make a denomination. These are true sons of God with a true father that is instructing them, preparing them. Amen. Uh to walk out and take take authority on this earth. And so that's that's what this is all about. And so we're going to read here tonight, Amen. about the the the final amen and and and that he is the amen and we've got to take that. Well, but my boss, you don't understand. He fired me. It I if a son of God is no longer waffling here and there and just, you know, like a like an eagle fluttering all over the place. We are sons. We are eagles. We are flying. We know that we must fly and we've got to have the winds of adversity that come. Everything that comes against us, there is a greater faith than ever before. And so I want us to walk into this here tonight as we are as as we're reading the church ages. And and I I want you to understand this is Papa trying to let you know in this age who you are. Can you say amen? And so let's let's look here. at the um uh it's in the Leoysian age and it's page 331 down here at the salutation and and it says there in Revelations 3:14 these things saith the faith the amen the faithful and true witness the beginning of the creation of God. My isn't that a the most wonderful description of the attributes of our lovely Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. These words just make me want to shout. Well, how about you tonight? They bring such a spirit of reality into my heart. Just reading them without even waiting for a thorough revelation of the spirit upon them thrills me. Jesus has given us this description of himself in relation to the last age. Now Jesus is giving this description of him. Amen. In relation to the last age. Now he now catch catch this thing as we as we begin to read because there's a whole bunch of it here that's just so powerful. Amen. Now remember the third pull is adoption. We all talk about adoption. Amen. Oh my. Adoption. The day is going to come when we're going to have faith to speak arms into existence, limbs and and and I believe that. I believe that. But it's not a special power. Amen. The special p that is not what we're talking about. It's sons coming to an understanding of who they are and taking God at his word. Amen. It says, "The days of grace are winding up. He has looked from the first century right through to the 20th and told us all things concerning these ages." Before he reveals the characteristics of the last age to us, he gives us one final look at his own gracious and supreme deity. This is the capstone revelation of himself. Thus saith the amen. Jesus is the amen of God. Jesus is is the so let it be of God. Amen stands for finality. It stands for approval. It stands for prevailing promise. It stands for unchanging promise. It stands for the seal of God. I want you to watch this carefully now and see something really sweet and beautiful. I said this. This is the his end time revelation of himself. When the day of grace closes, then the millennium comes very shortly thereafter, doesn't it? Well, read with me Isaiah 65:16-19. That he who blessth himself in the earth shall bless himself in the God of truth. He that swearth in the earth shall swear by the God of truth, because the former troubles are forgotten, and because they are hid from mine eyes. For behold, I create new heavens and a new earth, and the former shall be not shall not be remembered, nor come into mine. But ye be but be ye glad, and rejoice forever in that which I create. For behold, I create Jerusalem a rejoicing, and her people a joy. I rejoice in Jerusalem, and joy in my people, and the voice of weeping shall be no more heard in here. for the voice of crying. This is about New Jerusalem. This is the millennium. But as we go into the millennium, hear what he says about a certain kind of God. Verse 16, that he who blessth himself in the earth shall bless himself in the God of truth. Yes, that is true. But the real translation is not the God of truth. It is the God of the Amen. So we read it shall bless himself in the God of the Amen. He that swearth in the earth shall swear by the God of the amen because the former troubles are forgotten because they are hid from mine eyes. For behold, I create new heavens and a new earth. And the former shall not be remembered, nor come into mine. But be ye glad and rejoice forever in that which I create. For behold, I create Jerusalem a rejoicing. Her people a joy, and I will rejoice in Jerusalem, and joy in my people, and the uh voice of weeping shall be no more heard in here, for the voice of crying. Hallelujah. Here is Jehovah of the Old Testament, the God of the Amen. Here is Jesus of the New Testament, the God of the Amen. Here, O Israel, the Lord thy God is one God. There it is again. The Jehovah of the Old Testament is the Jesus of the New. Here, O Israel, the Lord thy God is one God. The New Testament does not reveal another God. It is a further revelation of the one and same God. Christ did not come down to make himself known. He did not come uh to reveal the son. He came to reveal and make known the father. He never talked about two gods. He talked about one God. And now in this last age, we have come back to the capstone revelation. The most important revelation of the Godhead in in the whole Bible that is Jesus is God. He is he and the father are one. There is one God. His name is the Lord Jesus Christ. He is the God of the Amen. He never changes. He uh uh what what he does never changes. He says it and it stands fast. He does it and it is done forever. None can take from what he had what he says or add to it. So let it be. Amen. So let it be. Aren't you glad that you serve that kind of a God? You can know exactly where you are with him at any time and all the time. He is the amen god and won't change. Can I hear an amen? Amen. These things saith the amen. I like that. It means that whatever he says is final. It means that whatever he said to the first age, to the second age, and to all ages about his own true church and about the false vine is exactly right, and it won't change. It means that what he started out with in Genesis, he will finish in Revelations. He has to for he is the yay man. So let it be. Now we can see again why the devil hates the book of Genesis and Revelation. He hates the truth. He knows the truth will prevail. He knows what his end will be. How he fights that. But we are on uh but we are on the winning side. We I mean the believers of his word only are on the amen side. These things sayaith the faithful and true witness. Now I want to show you what I find in the thought of faithful. You know we often talk about the great unchanging God whose word does not change. When we speak of him after the manner uh after that matter we often get a view of him that makes him seem impersonal. It is as though God made the whole universe and all the laws. um all the laws that pertain to it and then stood back and become a great and personal God. It is as though God made a way of salvation and lost mankind. That way being the cross. Then when the death of Christ was atone has atoned for our sins, his resurrection gave us an open door to him. God just unfolds his arms and stood back. It is as if we have majored in believing in a great creator who having created lost personal interest in his creation. Now I say that is how too many people are apt to think. But that is wrong thinking for God is governing in the affairs of men right now. He is both creator and sustainer. Colossians 1:16-17. For by him were all things created that are in heaven, that are in earth, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones or dominions or principalities or powers. All things were created by him and for him. For he is before all things, and by him all things consist. He is a sovereign God. By his own counsel, he purposed the plan of salvation of his own elect which he foresaw. The son died upon the cross to establish the means of salvation. And the holy spirit carefully executes the will of the father. He is working all things at this moment according to the purpose of his own will. Can I hear a hallelujah? Amen. He is right in the midst of it all. He is in the midst of his church. This great creator, savior, God is faithfully fulfilling or working amongst his own right now as the great shepherd of the sheep. His very existence is for his own. He loves them and cares for them. His eye is ever upon them. And when the word says that your lives are hid with Christ in God, it means exactly what it says. Oh, I'm so glad that my God abides faithful. He is true to himself. He won't lie. He is true to the word. He will back it up. He is true to us. He will lose none of us, but will raise us up in the last day. I'm glad that I am resting in his faithfulness. Philippians 1 and 6. Being confident of this very thing, that he which hath begun a good work in you will perform it until the day of Jesus Christ. He is the true witness. Now this word true is the same word we saw back in Revelations 3:7. You recall that it does not mean true as in contrast with false. It has a richer, deeper meaning by far. It expresses perfect realization in contrast with partial realizations. But now in the Philadelphiaian uh but back now back in the Philadelphia age, the coming of the Lord was drawing nine. What great love and the age manifested for him. It reminds me of those beautiful words of first Peter 1 and8 whom having not seen ye love and whom though now ye see him not yet believing you rejoice with joy unspeakable and full of glory. With them we rejoice also. We haven't seen him but we have felt him. We know him now as much as our limiting senses can let us. But one day it will be face to face. That is for this age. This is the coming or this is coming at the end of this age. Partial realization will become perfect realization. Completed realization. Hallelujah. We have been looking through a glass darkly, but soon it will be face to face. We have been going from glory to glory, but soon it will be right in glory. And in his glory will shine. We shall be like him, wondrously like him. Jesus, our savior divine. Isn't that wonderful? We are complete in him. That is true. He would not lie to us about that. One day we will be changed in the atoms. We will put on immortality. We will be all swallowed up in life. Then we will realize realization. He is the faithful and true witness. Now we think of that word witness. Well, that word is is the one that we get the word martyr from. The the Bible speaks of Steven and Annabus and others as martyrs. They were martyrs. They were also witnesses. Jesus was a faithful martyr. The Holy Ghost is the witness to that. The spirit bears record of that. The world hated Jesus. It killed him. But God loved him and he went to the father. The proof that he went to the father is that the holy ghost came. If Jesus had not received of the father, the spirit would not have come. Read it in John 16:7-11. Nevertheless, I tell you the truth. It is expedient that for you that I go away. For if I go not away, the comforter will not come unto you. But if I depart, I will send him unto you. And when he has come, he will reprove the world of sin and of righteousness and of judgment. Of sin because they believe not on me. Of righteousness because they go to my father. and ye see me no more of judgment because the prince of this world is judged. The presence of the Holy Spirit in this world instead of Jesus being here proves that Jesus was righteous and went to the father. But it also says in John 14:18, I will not leave you comfortless. I will come to you. He sent the comforter. He was the comforter. He came back in spirit upon the true church. He is the faithful and true witness in the midst of the church. But one day he's going to come back in flesh again. And he will prove then who is the only wise potentate. It is he, Jesus Christ, the Lord of glory, the faithful and true witness, creator and sustainer, perfect realization, the amen of God. Isn't that just wonderful? It says, "Oh, how I love him. Oh, how I adore him, Jesus, the son of God." He says, "I want to bring my thoughts on this part of the salutation with these words of 2 Corinthians 1:18 to 22. But God, but as God is true, our word toward you is true or toward you was not yay and nay. For the Son of God, Jesus Christ, who was preached among you, by us, even by me, and Sylvanus, and Timoththeus, was not yay and nay, but in him was yay. For all the promises of God in him are yay, and in him a man, unto the glory of God by us. Now he which establishth us with you in Christ and hath anointed us is God who hath also sealed us and given the earnest of the spirit in our hearts. The beginning of the creation of God. That is who the Lord Jesus is. Says he is. But those words don't mean exactly as they sound to us. Just taking them the way they sound has made some people, in fact multitudes of people, get the idea that Jesus was the first creation of God, making him lower than the Godhead. Then this first creation created all the rest of the universe and whosoever it contains. But that is not right. You know that doesn't line up with the rest of the Bible. The words are he is the beginner or the author of the creation of God. Now we know for assurityity that Jesus is God very God. He is the creator. John 1:3 all things were made by him and without him was not anything made that was made. He is the one of whom it is said Genesis 1:1 in the beginning God created the heaven and earth. Also it says in Exodus 20 and 11, for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea and all that is in them or in them is and rested the seventh day. See there is no doubt that he is the creator. He was the creator of the finished physical creation. Surely we can see what these words mean. Now to have any other interpretation would mean that God created God. How could God be created when he himself is the creator? Now he is standing in the midst of the church. As he stands there revealing who he is in this last J this age. He calls himself the author of the creation of God. This is another creation. This has to do with the church. This is a special designation of himself. He is the creator of that church. The heavenly bridegroom created his own bride. Well, that makes me want to shout. As the spirit of God, he came down, created in the virgin Mary the cells which uh from which his body was born. I want to repeat that he created the very cells in the womb of Mary for that body. It was not enough for the Holy Spirit to simply give life to a human oam supplied by Mary. That would have been sinful mankind producing a body. That would not have produced the last Adam. Of him it was said, "Lo, a body thou hast uh body hast thou father prepared for me." God, not Mary, provided that body. Mary was the human incubator. She carried that holy child and brought him to birth. It was a God man. He was the son of God. He was of the new creation. Man and God met and joined. Oh, this is so rich. He was the first of this new race. He is the head of this new race. Colossians 1:18, he is the head of the church, the body, who is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead, that in all things he might have preeminence. 2 Corinthians 5:17, therefore, if any man be in Christ, he is a new creation. Old things have passed away, behold, all things are become new. There you can see that though man was of the old order or creation, now in union with Christ, he has become the new creation of God. Ephesians 2:10, for we are his workmanship, created in union with Christ Jesus under good works. Ephesians 4:24, that you put on the new man, which after God is created in righteousness and true holiness. This new creation is not the old creation made over. It could not be called a new creation. This is exactly what it says. It is new creation. It is another creation distinct from the old one. No longer is he dealing by ways of the flesh. That was how he dealt with Israel. He chose Abraham and Abraham's issue uh through the godly seed line. Now uh but now of every kindred, tribe, and nation, he has purposed a new creation. For he is the first of that creation. He was God created in the form of man. Now by his spirit he is creating many sons unto himself. Now listen to that. He was God created in the form of man. And now by his spirit he is creating many sons unto himself. God the creator creating himself a part of creation. That is the true revelation of God. That was his purpose. This purpose took form through election. That is why he could look right down to the last age when all would be over and see himself still in the midst of the church as author of this new creation of God. His sovereign power brought to pass. Isn't that beautiful? Oh, glory to God. Oh, glory to God. See, you you understand? Do do see adoption is not it's not a it it's it's it's not a bad word. Sometimes it can be taboo uh in messes circles because we've got so many people that have claimed like the Thunder Movement uh you know claiming they they've got they've got this and they try to put adoption over here and they've got they've got this trying to put adoption over here and and in all reality adoption was was was God was brother Brandham telling the Pentecostals, hey listen, you guys are speaking in tongues, running the aisles and prophesying and seeking after vision. isions. That's all good, but that's not God's purpose. That's not God's purpose. You need to be adopted. You need to be placed. We're not going by of the roller coasters of of of of I need a word from the Lord or I need a prophecy or I seen a vision or I seen that. Listen, you need to come to the reality that you are sons of God. Whether you feel it or whether you don't, whether you're in the valley or on the mountain, it does not matter. Adoption is son's understanding that they are the very creation of God. Amen. It's not God way off. You are the creation of God in physical form. Can you say amen? He says, "By his own decree, he elected the members of this new creation. He predestinated them to be the adoption of children according to his good pleasure. By his omniscience and omnipotence, he brought it to pass." How else could he know that he would be standing in the midst of the church receiving glory from his brethren if he did not make sure? All things he knew and all things he worked out according to what he knew in order that his purpose and good pleasure be brought to pass. That's a mouthful, but I can say amen. Ephesians 1:11, whom uh in whom also we have obtained an inheritance, being predestinated according to the purpose of him who workketh all things after the counsel of his own will. And then he asked this question. This going to be the last that we read of the church tonight church book. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad that you belong to him? Amen. Now, next week we're going to start going he's going to go back through the the lukewarm leodysian age. He's wanting before he gets here, he's wanting to make sure to the elect that the spirit, he that hath an ear to hear, let him hear what the spirit says. Only the true creation of God can hear what the spirit says. Because only the true creation of God was created with those kind of ears, too. here. God's not wanting us to come and just sit here in in the church and and uh and hear, you know, uh a good good words and and uh uh and good things because though it can sound good here in our minds, if it's not revelation here, how many how many's known people that that that go that that that are up on the mountaintop and and and it is just so wonderful and they're flying high And it's just so but then they go back down in the valley within three or four weeks and then they go in that valley and it it's just gloomy. It's just oh their life is miserable and gloomy for about 3 months and then all of a sudden they're coming back up and then and it and it's shortlived. And that's what we've been talking about. Amen. About that about the three rooms. There's the body, the spirit and the soul. That that that that body is subject to the circumstances around us. The spirit is connected with that body. Amen. It took bodies. It took priests uh uh human beings to come in and light the fire. It took priests to come in and keep the oil in. It took priests and and and it and and they had in that in that spirit realm in that uh that second compartment, they had to constantly bring in new shoeb bread. They had to do it every Sabbath. They had to come in and bring in new. It was it was constantly it was constantly. So the spirit and the body are all connected together. There's no revelation in here. There's no revelation in your spirit. There's no there's there's intellect and and there's good ears and intellect and putting the one and one equals two. And we say, "Yes, yes, I'm a son of God. Yes, I can do this. Yes, yes, I can do this." But then after 3 or 4 weeks, we're back down again and we're discouraged again and we're downhearted again. But God is wanting to take us into that that inner court where brother Bradom says it's just you and God. It's your soul hearing the voice of God and there's nobody. It's soundproof then. Soundproof. You're not hearing anybody outside. You're not It's the the the storms. Hallelujah. Amen. Uh uh you know how many heard the sirens around Pawne last night? I I I usually don't hear those things, but I heard those things. Amen. And uh and and I hear we can thank brother Donald about that. Hallelujah. He he went down and said, "Those sirens have not been going off." And so they said, "We'll check into it." So uh man, we got sirens waking us up now. And but u thank God for the sirens. But but but when you're in that inner veil, you're not worried about the storms because you don't know the storms. There is a personal revelation. Now, now guys, God lives in your three room house. God, the creator has created that soul. He said, "This has nothing to do with the original, with the body and the spirit. It has nothing to do with that. It's not who you are. It's not what you are." Amen. He says, "It's not a it's not taking your body and making a new a a new way over. It is that Holy Spirit that has done something to your soul." Soul is where the revelation is. Can you say amen? So, so as as we look there as as we have as as my my scriptures that I read, we are his workmanship created in Christ Jesus unto good works which Godath be for ordained that we should walk in them. And then that next scripture was I the prisoner of the Lord beseech you that you walk worthy of the vocation wherewith you are called. So now there's a requirement of every one of us uh uh today to make sure Lord let me go into that bedroom. Let me go into that room where it's me and you. Let your word take root in my spiritual womb into my soul. Let that soul amen germinate the seed of Christ within me. Can you say amen? That's what we want. Amen. The character of faith lies in that one who has ordained us for before the foundation of the word. The very law of God. The very first law of God was faith. In the beginning was the word. The word was with God. The word was God. And then the word spoke. What caused the word to speak is because there was an inner knowing. There was an absolute assurance he had already seen it. And when you've got that God living in you, it produces a knowing. Brother Brandham says there's just a knowing deep in your heart, you have that revelation. Can you say amen? Amen. How many wants to walk worthy of that vocation? Amen. Walk worthy of God's grace. Walk worthy of his of of his dealings with you. So, if he's designed you, and I'm not going to add too much more to what we've got here tonight because I I do believe that uh I I want I want this I want this these words that we read tonight to really germinate. Let it germinate in you. Don't don't go back and and forget what I've what we've read tonight. Amen. This is important. This is who you are. Can I hear a great big amen? Amen. Now if God's created the bedding grounds in you and he's designed you amen for this specific purpose and remember remember Ezekiel 17 and8 it says it was planted in a good soil by great waters that it bring forth branches that it might bear fruit that it might be a goodly vine. And that's what God has planted here right here in the earth right here. and he's fixing to take the fruit off that vine. Well, glory to God. He's planted you in the word, planted you in life. His blessings are here upon you to thrive and to grow. Amen. So while we see scriptures being fulfilled and the musicians could come while we see scripture being fulfilled there in Israel and and we know we we we we know that Israel is going to have a tough time. Israel's got a tough time of coming. The world will end up turning on Israel. And and we we know that that's part of prophecy. We know that God's going to be with Israel. Amen. We know we we know that the man of sin is going to step in, is going to make a covenant with the Jews. He's going he's going to come in and somehow or another help bring in bring a peace uh in the world, but it's not going to last very long. And and so um we know that that a lot of this is all coming together and we know that the one who's making the peace, the one that is anointing him, brother Brandham says, is the God of force. And so he's coming in with flatteries and he's coming in with all kinds of things. And u and some people say, "Well, that was uh man, that's that's that's Donald Trump." Well, you know, I'm I'm glad again I'm glad that God's given us a prophet so that we're not going to get mixed up and all that kind of stuff. We do know that Donald Trump has a whole bunch to do with it because remember the two beasts in Revelations uh 13, it's going to be the USA and Rome that's going to bring this thing together. And and so what a day we're living in. Can you say amen? What a day we're living in. It's a glorious day. Amen. So many people are saying the Antichrist is going to be Muslim. I'm just glad that we have the revelation that God's given us. Right. Amen. Most most all of them today are saying it's Muslim, that it's going to be a Muslim Superman that's going to try to bring the peace. And the man of sin is sitting over there. Amen. that old fella that weird wears those weird looking clothes with a cross. Amen. He's He's the man of sin. Praise the Lord. But the God God is not a god of force. And brother Brandham says that the man of sin or the the the antichrist will will will become incarnate of the devil. So the devil will totally incarnate him. He'll become the beast. He will become a a man that is literally a a beastly nature. He will be anointed because he serves the God of force. But he says God is not a god of force. He's a gentleman. He wants us to follow him because we love him. And we're beyond the time where God is I believe I I I I I believe that as in in this age of maturity, God is not just correcting his his people all the time with I, you know, I told you not to and spanky here and spanky and spatany here. He's want you to be sons. He wants you to take his word. He wants me to take his word. He wants us He wants us to enter into this relationship with him that we know sin is going to kill us. That we know and we can discern the spirits of this age. God's not wanting to beat us over the head. God is not a God of force. God is wanting his sons, his creation, his lineage to understand things the way he understands things. It's quite a it's quite an incredible time. Lord, I think I think being pliable is so important. God, let me be pliable. Anything that comes my way, you're allowing it. You're wanting me to You're want me to walk with you. You've called me for a specific purpose. [Music] You've made the covenant with man to rule and reign in authority. Lord, I I can feel the mantle upon my shoulders. Don't let me walk in unbelief. Don't let me walk with question marks. Father, reveal yourself to me. Please reveal yourself to me. I'm sitting here. I I I I I'm sitting here. I I I want I want me and you. Everything else is out of the picture. I want your grace to be upon me and not I don't want it to be in vain. I I'm everything that you planned for the age. I I'm I'm here. I think we should take our singing seriously. I think we should take our preaching gifts seriously. I think we should take our parenting seriously. I think everything about us should really should really be serious. Lord, here I am. Here I am. Here I am. You're no longer speaking in riddles. You're no longer speaking in symbols. You're speaking lip to ear. Help me, Lord. Has that been your heart here tonight? Help me, Jesus. There's never been a light to shine so bright [Music] this glor [Music] Oh, there's never been a day. Oh, God. There's never been a day like this day. I see there's never never been a light to shine. Oh, yesterday. I know I've said it a lot these last couple weeks. [Music] But oh, keeping our spirits, man. Satan is going to do what he can to r you up, friends. If there's ever a time to learn to keep our spirits, control our spirits, control our imaginations, control these things. It it'll take the life of God right out of you. It'll take it'll take it'll it'll it'll it'll detour you from your purpose. God wants us to rule and reign. Not our mind ruling and reigning over us, not our spirits having that we the the authority is in that soul. That's the new creation. So keeping keeping our spirits calm is so important. You know what I mean? And you say, "Brother Windle, that there there's where I'm at." You're his creation. You're his creation. Go into that bedroom. Go into that third compartment. Go into that most holy place and let it fall. I get flustered in my flesh. I get flustered in my mind. But I don't live there. I've got to come back to this other area. That's the real me. That's who I am. Amen. Lord, help me. How can I rule and reign if I'm flustered all of the time? How can I have peace if I'm just if everything around me that I'm looking at or hearing No, that's not what God's called us. We live here. But that's not to dictate us. Amen. Let's walk with him. I know in our bodies we get sick. I know in our minds we get weary. But that doesn't change who you are. Amen. The miracle happens in that third compartment. There's where the miracles are. So let's let's go in that place and live. Amen. So bright as he this glory. One more time. Oh, and there's never been a day like this day to me. There's never been a day like this day. I see. There's never He's coming. He's coming. Oh, he's coming. He will keep his word. He's the final amen. He'll be the final amen to your faith. He'll be the final amen. Oh, bless the Lord. We got to do it again. Oh, there's never been a day like this day to me. There's never been a day like this day. I see. There's never Never been a light that shines so bright. [Music] Maybe we can talk to father now. We thank you for the light that is shining in our path. We thank you for removing the scales from our eyes, [Music] taking the cataracts off so that we can see you for who you are. Oh, Father, we want to catch the revelation. We we want we want you to talk to us. And as the man said when you were here on earth the first time, I believe, but help thou mine unbelief. Lord, your prophet preached the message that God's word requires a total separation from unbelief. [Music] And we're standing up today and saying yes, it must be. If it's true to you, it's true to us. Lord, eradicate unbelief from our minds and hearts. I ask God that your Holy Spirit would so scrub our conscience, scrub our bodies, scrub our spirits, our minds, everything about the spirit man. Let us be pure, undefiled before you. For Lord, we want a heart that believes every word. And we don't want to just believe it according to the way we think it should be. We want to see your word the way you wrote it for the intended purpose that you put it there. Our womb is open. Our heart are open to you. We're saying, Lord, be it unto me according to thy word. We believe you, Father. Oh, we thank you, Lord Jesus. Lord, take our spirits and control it. We thank you for it. Now, Lord, be with all of those who have been fighting sickness. We believe your word. Be with our brother Donald. Give him courage and strength. leaving you to bring him out. Thank you for what you're doing for dad, Lord. Believing that miracle. We're looking not at the things which we see, but the things that are unseen. Thank you, Lord, for being with our brother Torrance. Father, your grace being upon him, Lord. Good to see him here tonight. Oh Jesus, we love you. What you're doing in Sister Angie's life, Father, and bringing her out, giving her a testimony. Father, we just thank you for what you're doing for all of us. Now, Lord, we're put resolve in our heart to never question your word or put it on the back burner. We want your words to ring in our hearts. Bring them to the forefront of our hearts. Lord, only you can do it. Bring them clear to us. Let us forgive all of those who have trespassed against us. Let us truly love every man and woman, every circumstance that would come, Lord, our way. give us, let us handle it with a mature faith, knowing that you have allowed it, that you have a purpose. We thank you for it, Lord. We love you, Father. [Music] We to make you proud. We thank you for it, Lord, in your name. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Oh, he's so wonderful to us, isn't he? That shines so bright. [Music] This glory is day. I walk in the light. [Music] Such a beauty. Oh life. It comes where the dross of mercy are bright. [Music] Shine all around us. by day. Oh Jesus, you're the light of my world. One more time as we dismiss. God bless you. I walk in the light. Such a beautiful life. It comes where the dwar drops of mercy are bright. Won't you shine all [Music] shine in this day? Oh, good life. [Music] Keep pressing the battle. Amen. Stacia, it's good to see you back there tonight. We missed you on Sunday. Amen. How many love sister Stacia? [Applause] Love Patrick. And amen. Love every one of you here tonight. Love every one of you. And so we ask for your prayers as we are I'll be uh flying out tomorrow up to Saskatoon, Saskatchewan uh for the weekend meeting there. And so um with brother Kelly Hilderbrand. And so I'm I'll be ministering at a at a graduation ceremony. Uh I'll be speaker there and then also having a revival uh meetings there. So I coveret y'all's prayers for that. Ask that that um that God's uh that you would be with me in prayer. Amen. That God will be help those folks there. Um also would like to say [Music] um you know vis visitors over at brother um to brother Donald would it would be a great blessing and um uh especially especially in this in in in after this surgery here just uh I I promise you he can't he can't do he can't do anything anything everything's hurting and uh and so if you have a chance uh go to Tulsa take your wife on a date feed her and the entertainment will be visiting brother brother Donald and don't laugh at him just visit with him and um I know it would be a blessing to brother Donald and so um and it would be a blessing to Angie too. And so um and uh if you feel up to it, leave a $20 bill or something there with with her. Uh there there have she has to live there in the eating in the cafeteria. So $5, $10 is something to to to give to her and I know it'd be a blessing to them. Uh we we love brother Donald and Aunt Angie and and u we're just pleasing God to just bring him right through. You know, there's something about every every person that that I have been associated with that has um done the open heart surgery, they fight depression really hard. I don't know, mess messing with a man's heart, a woman's heart. They're just I don't there's something to it. Your soul's in your heart. Your your spirit's there in that heart. And um and so when they when they stop that heart and then do the work and put it back, it's just um everyone that I've ever dealt with uh they they they really struggle with depression. So um let's try to keep Brother Donald's spirits up that way that way he he can heal, be healthy. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Be good to one another. Be good to those in the in the community. And let our light shine. Amen. God bless you. You're dismissed in the fear of the Lord. We'll let you dismiss yourselves day and by night. You're Jesus, the light of the world. All will walk in the light. Such a beautiful life comes where the two drops [Music] of mercy shine bright. shine all around us
