################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-01 - 2025-10-01 Bro Miguel Gonzalez He Is All I Need - Miguel Gonzalez.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-10-01
Title:    2025-10-01 Bro Miguel Gonzalez "He Is All I Need"
Speaker: Miguel Gonzalez
Church:   New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 9m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mGsK_fyMw88
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
I surrender. [Music] Lord, I surrender. Lord, I surrender my life. I give it all to you. My surrender [Music] Lord I surrender. [Music] Lord I surrender my life. I give it all to you. [Music] That's the way it's got to be. I need more love you till there's no room left in me. All those wasted hours and minutes, they're yours now. From the start to the finish, I need more love you [Music] me. I need more of you, [Music] Lord. That's the way it's got to be. Cuz I need more of you. [Music] Till there's no room left in me. [Music] All those wasted hours and [Music] they're yours now. From the start to the finish, I need more of you in me, Lord. I need more of you. That's just the way it's got to be. Cuz I need more of you [Music] till there's no room left in me. All those wasted hours and minutes, they're yours now. From the start to the finish, I need more love you will need me, Lord. I need more of you. That's just the way it's got to be. Cuz I need more of you till there's no room left in me. [Music] All those wasted hours and minutes, they're yours now. From the start to the finish, I need more love you with me. [Music] you. I don't stand a chance without you. Lord, I need you here tonight. Won't you please hold me tight? Make my heart true. I don't have a prayer without you. Sometimes I feel like there's no way out and my heart begins to doubt your amazing grace. [Music] But I know that your word is true. You have somehow always seen me through through my darkest days. And I don't have a prayer without you. I don't stand one chance without you. Oh Lord, I need you here tonight. Won't you please hold me tight? Make my heart true. [Music] Cuz I don't have a prayer without you. Sometimes life feels like a ball in chain and I become a slave to old memories. But I know that you forgive me. You gave your life at Calary just to set me free. And I don't have a prayer without you. I don't have a chance without you. Lord, I need you here tonight. Won't you please hold me tight? Make my heart true. Cuz I don't have a prayer. I don't have a prayer without you. And I don't stand one chance without you. Oh Lord, I need you here tonight. Won't you please hold me tight and make my heart true? cuz I don't have a prayer without you. Sometimes life feels like a ball and change and I become a slave to all memories. Oh, but I know Lord you forgive me. You gave your life at Calvary just to set me free. And I don't have a prayer without you. Lord, I don't stand a chance without you. Oh Lord, I need you here tonight. Won't you please hold me tight? Make my heart true. Cuz I don't have a prayer. Well, I don't have a prayer without you. I don't have a chance without you. Lord, I need you here tonight. Won't you please hold me tight? Make my heart true. Cuz I don't have a prayer without you. Lord, I don't have a prayer without you. [Music] Forgive me. My sins have been washed from his memory. By the blood of the lamb at Calary, for he has forgiven me. What it's like to think of things I've done. I want to run and hide my head in shame. [Music] And I know what it's like to really hurt someone and feel no sense of sorrow at their pain. But I know what it's like to have enough of my disgrace and find because of Jesus blood my sins can be erased. Now &gt;&gt; yes he has forgiven me. My sins have been washed from his memory. How the blood of the lamb cal [Music] has forgi me. [Music] Where do I go? Oh, when the storms of life are, who do I talk to? When nobody wants to listen, who do I need? When there's no foundations, I go to the rock. I know he's able. I go to the rock. I go to the rock of my salvation. Go to the stone out the hill position. Run to the mountain and the mountain stands by me. When the earth all around me seek it. Oh Christ the solid rock I stand. I need a shelter with a new friend. Go to rock. Oh, where do I hide? Oh, till the storms have all passed over. Who do I run to? When the wind of sorrow written, is there reuge? Oh, in this time of great tribulation, when my soul needs consolation, thank you, Lord. Will I go to the rock of my salvation? [Music] Unto the mountain and the mountain stand by me. In the earth all around me sink and sand. Oh Christ that solid rock I stand. When I need shelter when I need a friend I go to the rock once again. Now will I go to the rock of my salvation? Yes we do. Run to the mountain and the mountain stand by me. When the earth all around me is sinking sand. Oh Christ that solid rock out. When I need a shelter, when I need a friend, I go to the rock. The more I seek you, the more I find you. [Music] The more I find you, [Music] the more I love you, the more I seek you. The more I seek you, [Music] the more I find you, the more I find you, the more I love you. I want to sit at your feet. I want to sit at your feet. Drink from the cup in your hand. Hear your word in my ears. Feel your heartbeat. [Applause] This love is so real, Lord, that I can understand. I rest in your peace. It's overwhelming. [Music] Is that the way you feel tonight? Thank you, Lord. It's overwhelming. As they continue to play that softly now, I like to go to prayer. It is good to see everyone that was gone Sunday and good to see the Gatlin family with us. I'm going to ask Brother David if you'd like coming and leading us in prayer. We do have a few needs. Sister Carol's not here with us tonight. She's struggling with a migraine. I I know what that feels like. So, let's remember her. And then brother Kayla Farweather was not feeling well here tonight. So, let's remember him in our prayers. It is good to see you grapple with this. Glad to see him here. Amen. Amen. Your wife not feeling well tonight. [Music] Okay. Let's remember sister Lona. She just she just had cataract surgery. She's going to have it. Okay. Okay. Has some tests today. Going to have cataract surgery. So, let's remember sister with us and anyone else that's not here. Let's remember them. Ask brother Gavin if you'd like to lead in us in prayer. Amen. You love him here tonight. Amen. God bless you now. God bless you. Let's just bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, we're so grateful tonight of being able to gather in your house with brothers and sisters of like precious faith, Lord. And Lord, you heard every request, Lord, different ones, Lord, the needs, Lord, God, that's before us, Lord. We just pray, Father, that you just come on the scene on behalf of each and every one, Lord. And Father, we know that you're a healer because your word declares that you're a healer, Father. Lord, we didn't we didn't say we we didn't say nothing about it, but your word promises it, Father. And Lord, we just believe your word, Father, may we each and every individual that has a need tonight. May they just take you at your word, Father. For Lord, if we come and take you at your word, then Lord, we'll get what we expect, Father. And I expect to see these needs met, Lord. The Lord, the the brother Caleb, Lord, not feeling well. I believe that hear him saying that he's healed and touched, Lord. Our sister that supposed to have the surgery, Father. Lord, you can touch her before even the surgeon touches her, Father, and different ones. Oh God, we just pray, Lord, that you just come on the scene, Father. And Lord, we pray for this service tonight, Lord God, that Lord, we can just come here, Father, and receive, Lord, whatever we have need. Bless the Lord the speaker tonight, Lord. And Father, may we pull from the gift, Father. And Lord, may when we leave this building, we can say it was good for us to be here, Father. And Lord, we'll be careful to give you the glory and the honor and the praise for it all, Lord, for we love you and we appreciate you. And we ask these things in the lovely name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Do you love him tonight? Amen. As we sing this, let's just step out in the aisle and greet one another. Let him know you're happy to see him. Oh, what a fellowship. What a joy divine needle. The everlasting arms and what a blessedness. What a peace is mine. Leading on the everlasting on. Oh, I'm waiting. Yes, I'm leading. [Music] Oh, safe and secure from all alarm. I'm leading. I'm leading. Make me go up a key. Everlasting arm. And oh how sweet to walk in this hill it all the everlasting arms and oh how bright the path grows from day to day on the everlasting arm. Oh, I'm leading. I'm leaning. I'm safe and secure from all alarm. I'm leaning. I'm leaning. Leading on the everlasting arms. What have I to dread? What have I to fear? Leading on the everlasting arms and I have a blessing of peace with my Lord so dear. Feed it on the everlasting. Oh, tonight I read it. Oh, I'm safe and secure from all alarm. Oh, I'm leading, leading, [Music] leading on. Can we have one more verse? Laughing. And oh, how sweet to walk. Is that verse one? First to give help away, leading it all the ever stems and all. How bright the path rose from day to day. Leading on the everlasting. Are you leaning on him tonight? Yes, I'm leading. Yes, I am. I am safe and secure from all the alarm I needed [Music] in the everlasting heart. I'm satisfied. [Music] I'm satisfied. [Music] Oh, said he would be my comfort. Said he would be my guide. Well, well, I looked at my hand. My hands look new. Looked at my feet. They did, too. Ever since that wonderful day, my soul's been satisfied. I'm satisfied. [Applause] Oh, said he would be my comfort. Said he would be my God. Well, when I looked at my hand, my hands look new. Looked at my feet, they did too. Ever since that wonderful day. As brother Luke and Sister Charity comes, I sing it now. I'm satisfied. I'm satisfied. Oh, said he would be my comfort. Said he would be my guy. Well, well, I looked at my hand. My hands look new. Looked at my feet. They did too. Ever since that wonderful day, my soul's been sad. Singing now. I'm satisfied. [Applause] I'm satisfied. [Applause] Oh, said he would be my comfort. Said he would be my guide. Well, well, I looked at my hands, my hands look new. Looked at my feet, too. Ever since that wonderful day, soul's been satisfied. Are you satisfied tonight? Amen. God bless you. Sister Loretta, are you filling up and singing tonight? Amen. If you got a song on your heart, would you mind bringing it right after them? Amen. I know I put these two on the spot, but I sure love their singing. Amen. God bless them. [Music] [Music] Give me to accept things the things I cannot change. [Music] Grant me the courage Lord to change what I can. Wisdom to know the difference. In my weakness you can shine. In your strength I can fly. [Music] &gt;&gt; And you make everything everything beautiful. You make everything everything new. &gt;&gt; You make everything everything beautiful in it time in your sight. It's beautiful. [Music] Grant me serenity, Lord, and patience for things will take time. Grant me freedom to walk a new path and let me feel your love. In my weakness you can shine. In your strength I can fly. &gt;&gt; And you make everything everything beautiful. You make everything everything new. You make everything everything beautiful in its time in your time. It's beautiful. [Music] &gt;&gt; Lift it up to you my savior. Beautify my soul. Knowing you redeem my pain and failure. Purify my soul. Beautify my soul. &gt;&gt; And you make everything everything beautiful. You make everything everything new. You make everything everything beautiful in it. Beautiful. &gt;&gt; Amen. Did you enjoy that? &gt;&gt; Amen. So glad he makes everything beautiful in his time. Amen. God bless you, Sister Loretta. Amen. Praise the Lord. Birthday [Applause] [Music] Yes, the world will bow down and say you are God. Every man will bow down and say you are king. [Music] So let's start right now. Why would we wait? King of gloryy fill this place. I just want to be with you. I just want to be with you. King of gloryy, fill this place. I just wanna be with you. [Music] I just wanna be with you. Yes, the world will bow down and say you are God. Every man will bow down and say you are king. So let's start right now. Why would we wait? We can praise you now in victory. King of gloryy fill this place. I just want to be with you. I just want to be with you. Oh king of gloryy, fill this place. I just wanna be with you. I just wanna be with you. So we'll sing hallelu till you come again. And we'll dance in your presence till you come again. I'll just sing hallelu till you come again. And I'll dance in your presence till you come again. Oh, we will sing hallelu till you come again. [Music] And we'll dance in your presence till you come again. Oh king of gloryy, fill this place. I just want to be with you. [Music] I just want to be with you. King of gloryy, fill this place. I just wanna be with you. I just wanna be with you. I just wanna be with you. I just wanna be with you. I just wanna be with you. I just wanna be with you. [Music] Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Is that your prayer tonight? &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. Yes. King of glory. This service would be nothing without him here. So that should be our prayers. Lord, King of glory, fill this place tonight. And amen. I know that's my prayer. I don't come to church just to come to church out of duty, but it's a love affair. Amen. We want to see the Lord tonight. And as we get ready for the man of God, can we sing this? It's your breath in our lungs. We pour out our praise. Pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. You It's your breath. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. It's your bread in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you only. [Music] Great. Sing that again. It's your breath. Oh, it's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. Yes, Lord. It's your grace in our lungs. We pour out our praise to you, oh, great are you, Lord. [Music] Is that your prayer tonight? Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Can we sing that? He's all I need. All I need. He all I need. Jesus is all I need. [Applause] He satisfies my every need. Supplies for Jesus. He's all I need. Can you lift a hand and sing it now? He's all Yes, Lord. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Applause] Jesus is all. [Applause] [Music] Amen. Let's just sing that again here this this evening. He's all I need. He's all I need. Jesus. [Music] [Music] He sat my so [Applause] Jesus. [Music] Amen. Is he all that you need here this this evening? You know, I feel like the Lord's been good to us here this evening. Amen. He's brought us here in health. And he brought us here to be able to praise his name and to be able to gather around his word and to just be able to sing his praises. And and really in life, he's all I need when we boil everything down to it. Without him, we're nothing. And he provides every need that we have. As the song says, every need that he supplies, he's all I need. Amen. Is he all you need here this evening? Amen. Well, we just love him and uh certainly uh count it an honor to be here here this evening and it's good to see everybody and everybody. Hey, brother Gadman. It's good to see brother Gadman and uh his wife here and and uh you know, we just go ahead and move into the scriptures here this evening. And uh we had a good time there up in Ohio and uh went to for sister Laura's uh surprise birthday party, 40th birthday party, you know. I hope I have a big 40th birthday party. It's all I got to say. &gt;&gt; Apparently &gt;&gt; I got to make it to 30. Oh, okay. Yeah. physically I'm there but I'm just lacking it mentally I guess you know but we could um but just good it's good to see everybody that made it back good to see everybody here you know if we could I'd just like to go ahead and move on into our scriptures here in Matthew uh 25th chapter the or sorry the sixth chapter the 25th verse we'll be reading a few scriptures here this is where kind of um draw our text her this evening. But uh if you're there, just say man. Amen. Again, just good to see everybody here. It says here, starting in the 25th verse, it says, "Therefore, I say unto you, take no thought for your life what you shall eat or what you shall drink, nor yet for your body, what you shall put on. It is not the life more than meat and the body than raignment. Behold the fowls of the air, for they sow not, neither do they reap, nor gather into barns, yet your heavenly Father feedth them. Are ye not much more better than they? Which of you by taking thought can add one cubit unto his stature? Look at that there. He says, now look at this. says, "Which of you by taking thought can add one cubit unto his stature? And why take he thought for the raignment? Considered the liies of the field, how they grow, they toil not, neither do they spin. And yet I say unto you, that even Solomon in all his glory was not a raid like one of these. Wherefore, if God so clothe the grass of the field, which today is today is, and tomorrow is cast into the oven, shall he not much more clothe you, oh ye of little faith? Therefore, take not thought, saying, What shall ye eat, or what shall you drink, or wheither shall ye be clothed? For all things do thee, Greeks seek. For your heavenly Father knoweth that ye have need of all the things. But seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness, and all these things shall be added unto you. Take therefore no thought for the tomorrow, for the tomorrow shall take thought for the things of itself. Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof. Let's just go to the Lord in prayer. Heavenly Father, we love you here this evening. We just want to let you know that we appreciate you. We're just thankful for your presence, Lord. And we're thankful for all our gifts, Lord, the things that you put among us, Lord, to just lift your name, Lord. And I would just ask, Father, that you would just move us out of the way here this evening, Lord, that we just say what's needed to be said, Lord, and that there would be anything that's not, Lord, just be moved aside. Father, we appreciate you, Lord. We I can't do this without you, Father. Lord, none of us can do life even without you. Lord, I would just ask that you'd be with us and you be pleased by the things that have been said and done. We ask these things in Jesus name. Amen. And you could be seated here this evening. And if I had a text here this evening, it would be He is all I need. Now, thinking of this, um, I was talking to a brother here this weekend about, uh, uh, you know, he's a missionary brother. It's Brother Zachary, you know, and and, uh, Brother Zachary, I was talking to him, you know, cuz he's made plenty of missionary trips, you know, kind of around the world and and, uh, you know, South America, Latin America, kind of those areas like that. And then I had asked him, I was just like cuz um it was the day before he was leaving and you know and usually in a time like that, you know, you're kind of scrambling back and forth and whatnot and you're kind of just wondering what you're going to take for a trip, especially long distance overseas, you know. And I'd asked him, I said, "Hey, um yeah, you I was like, "Are you planning your trip?" And he's like, "Yep. In fact, I'm leaving in the morning." And I said, "Well, you all packed up?" And he's like, "Yep." And I was just like I was like, "Okay." And I was like, "So, um you got everything you need?" And I said, he's like, "Yep." And he goes, I said, "Well, I'm sure you got this figured out." And he's like, "Yep." And he I was like, "Well," he says, "I've done it plenty enough times. I know what I need to take and all the things that I need to take and all the things that I don't need to take." And and I kind of thought about that, you know, and I kind of thought about how that, you know, sometimes, you know, in uh in life, you know, especially if you're doing, you know, any kind of traveling or you're making any types of preparation for events or you're doing anything like that that you know, there's a lot of things that have got to be thought of. there's always somebody like a master planner or coordinator or something or there's somebody that's always kind of trying to put these things together in order for in order for everything to kind of go real smooth and kind of kosher like you know and I just uh you know and I was thinking about that about how that you know many of us have taken trips and you know there's always um there's always those things that you just uh you just sometimes you just not you don't know and if you're planning a trip you're always trying to uh account for the unseen because you're going to be away from your natural surroundings you you know, and and so you're always, you know, you're always like like me, I like a lot of undershirts. I just I don't lots of undershirts and socks. So, I've got like two pairs of jeans and 10 undershirts and 10 pairs of socks. And my wife's always like, stop packing all these stuff. And I'm just like, you never know, you're going to need an extra undershirt, you know, and and uh so I've just got random things that I like to pack that I like to keep, you know, and so for on trip, there's a lot of different things, you know, if you're making a uh you know, if you're if you're traveling on the road, there's there's some things you might want to take. If you're on the road, you know, there's the you know, there's obviously you know, you want to make sure that you have uh if you're driving the vehicle, you make sure you have your jack, you know, you got your you know, your four-way, you know, you got some snacks in the car, you know, and just don't forget the snacks. And then and you you know water you know if you if you drink water on the road you know if you you know you might have water you know you got to make sure have your neck pillows and things you know things like that or you know if you might be going hunting or doing something you know if you you're going to make sure you got your boots and again your snacks you know you definitely you want to make sure you have plenty of snacks and and uh you make sure you got your flashlight and you got batteries in your flashlight you know and then make sure that when you bring your gun that you do have your bullets with you. You know, you got to make sure that, you know, that if you're going to make sure you got your hot hands, you know, you got your certain things. There's a whole list of things the whole list of things that you got when you're when you're making these kinds of uh uh when you're making these these kinds of uh trips or you know when you're going out there because you know you're you're trying to prepare, you're trying to plan, you're trying to do these things, you know, and then also like if somebody was going to somebody was going to run a race and and I promise you nobody around here is probably planning on running a race. I know I'm not, you know, but but if you do plan a race, there's going to be some things that you want to do. You'd probably you'd probably want to have, you know, the a nice pair of shoes. You know, you want to, you know, practice before the race, you know, uh you uh you know, uh uh you know, you're going to make sure you want to sleep well, you know, eat right, you know, drink right, and do a lot of these things, you know, and make sure that you know that that you're you're prepared for this race. and and you know and I began to think about about how that you know there's a lot of these things as we go through life and we go through these types of things or whatever the journey or whatever the thing that we're preparing for. A lot of you uh ladies you know that have prepared food events and different things. You know there's a lot of things that maybe at the very first time that you have done something that you realize after the 10th time there's things that you don't need. you know, there's certain things that you just leave behind because they're weighing you down or they're extra. You know, they're just, you know, it'd be not it's nice to have them, but we never really use them or or or you know, you guys, you've got things when you go out in the woods and you you know, first of all, you go out there and you got like 10 bags on you because you just never know what you're going to need. But after carrying all that weight and after sweating and after after doing that, you're just like, you know, I don't think I really need that extra pair of boots and that that four four bottles of Gatorade and and and I really don't need, you know, seven seven different calls to go out there, two weapons, you know, I'm just going to need my bow. I'm just going to need my pants. I'm just going to need my, you know, I'm just going to need my one call, my scent block, and you know, I'm just going to go out there because, you know, I got to drag a deer if I get something, you know, come I don't want something weighing me down. I don't want something, you know, holding me back or doing these kinds of things, you know, and I feel like that that, you know, that carries on to a spiritual aspect of of life that because what what happened is is is, you know, we go through life and as we as we begin to as we begin to go through, we pick up things that we don't necessarily need that weighs us down when our spiritual walk with the Lord and and how that, you know, there's there's a lot of things that we develop over time. the things like we we accept responsibilities that that would that that kind of hinder us from being able to spend time with the Lord when when as a believer that the one main thing we our desire is is to please him and that's not to please you know our best friend not to please a boyfriend not to please a girlfriend but our our full desire is to be able to please him and when we realize you know what as I said before the the the objects that we feel like that we need to have when we go on our trips, we we realize that we can leave those things but be behind and we can we can make more rooms for other things that are necessary. And I begin to find that same way in in our walk with the Lord that that there's a lot of things in life that we carry. There's a lot of things that in our life that that that that's not necessary to to our walk with God and it actually drags us down. And some of these things and that that that could be self-inflicted. Some things uh some of these things can be inflicted on from without you know from without the church or even from within the church. You know, some things that some brother might have said something that you might have taken not quite right. Or maybe you had said something to offend a brother and it's kind of grieving you in your spirit or grieving them in their spirit. Or or there might be uh something that that that you thought or or maybe it's just something that a mind battle that you might be facing in in in your mind about some about how that you perceive somebody's thoughts about you and it keeps you from being uh close with him and it keeps you from sharing with him, you know, and and and sometimes there's, you know, there's a lot of these these little things that little foxes, as the scripture says, that spoils the vine that, you know, that keeps brotherhood, you know, from being to from being tight and unbreakable or keep sisterhood from being tight and unbreakable, you know, and and the devil would like to do these things. He would like to add things upon your life to be able to keep you from reaching your goals in life. And and he wants to put he wants to put weights on you to to be able to not for for you to not enter into a service where whereas you would come in or before you could come into a service and you could lift your hands and you could shake off the things of the world. But Satan has put so much things on your spiritual mind about about about how that you're not worthy enough or about how that maybe about how that uh uh you know that you're just too sinful or about how that you know uh you're not deserving or there's you know you can go into the shelf of Satan's uh Satan's pawn shop or you can go to the shelf and and you can pick off anything that pick off anything that you want to try to fill the void. But the thing is is we can look in our scriptures and we can we can look and we can find that there's a lot of things that there's a lot of things that we can look at for the uh for the Lord to be able to move in our lives. And uh you when it was talking about these weights it all it kind of reminded me of of a scripture uh kind of reminded me of scripture here in Hebrews 12:1. says, "Wherefore, seeing we we we also are compassed about with so great a cloud of witness, let us lay aside every weight and the sin which does so easily beset us, and let us run with patience the race that is set before us." And then thinking about this as let us set let us set let us set aside every weight in sin which so easily beset us. and you can try to be able to maybe ma if you could maybe just be able to take the magnet of God's word over your life here this evening and you can maybe pick out some small things and that are in your life whether they're small whether they're big it really doesn't matter to God because everything whether it's small or big keeps you out of his presence and keeps you keeps you away from being able to receive the word or be able to receive the blessings that God already has provided God has already has restored or has already uh reserved for you to be able to get. And and now we talked about a spiritual uh you know, we talked about a a spirit or not a spiritual, we talked about a physical, you know, a trip or something like that and and taking away the things that taking away the things off of the trip that would keep you that would hinder you. And we also talked about how that there's always got to be somebody that's planning the trip, somebody that's keeping these things going. But but really if we if we look back and and and we put on our kind of our spiritual blinders or our spiritual uh glasses here this evening, we can see that the Lord before our before we were born, before we were thought of, before that before that your parents had ever thought about children or your grandparents thought about their children, that God was thinking about you. And he knew that through the line that you were born of, whether you're a Lancaster, whether you're a Martin, whether you're a Stout, whether you're Gonzalez, whether you're a fairweather, whether you're this or that, you know that there's going to be certain things that is inside of your life that you're going to be dealing with. And you might not deal with the same thing that the Martins deal with the Stouts or the Fairweathers, deal with the Lancasters or or you know, take your pick of the family. And there's certain things that that there are certain things that we would have to deal with and we would have to fight with and and and and in order to succeed in the physical realm and physical life that we live in in order to succeed and to and to move forward in life. Uh you have to lay them things aside and there has to be a master plan and there has to be provisions for that for that vision or for whatever project you're doing to be able to move forward. and in doing so with your spiritual walk. Now, we're not talking about the natural, but we're talking about the spiritual. We're talking about your spiritual walk with God. Where do you want to see your life here in the next year, in the next 5 years, in the next 10 years? and and and you could see back and we can look here spiritually now that we take the magnet of God's word and and whether we're lacking in our spiritual lives, whether we're whether we're putting our our daily our daily uh uh uh uh desires or whether we're putting our our our our daily goals, whether we're trying to succeed in school, whether we're trying to succeed in work, whether we're trying to succeed in whether we're trying trying to succeed in uh business. I mean uh whether we're trying to succeed in just whatever it might be that that that should only be a secondary to the the actual plan for your life and all things that everything that we strive for everything that we're looking at here at life is actually vain. Everything that we're going to do doesn't matter how smart you are. It doesn't matter the things that you that you've been able to accomplish. It doesn't matter how many plaques. It doesn't matter how many titles to properties that you hold. doesn't matter of any any types of those things. All those things are going to crash and burn. But there's one thing that we know that when when when this world becomes not when when there's when there's when there's no skyscrapers, when there's no planes, when there's no countries, when there's no when there's no world that it cease to that when the world cease to exist, that we know this one thing that the kingdom of God will stand assure. We know that there's one thing that that that our trust and our hope in Jesus is greater than what we can accomplish. But during this thing and during this process of life that we're going through, we begin to claim baggage. Even in our spiritual life, we named out just a few of the things we were talking about. We were talking about uh you know a spiritual baggage and we're talking about hurt feelings or we're talking about uh uh we're talking about uh uh uh things that might have been said or or we might have been we might have been uh been depressed in in in our spirits because you know there's just things don't seem to be going that way. Now these things are baggages upon the life of the believer. Now, these are things that if we don't lay down, as the scripture says this, uh, lay down every sin which does easily beset us and run. Amen. Then all we're going to do is remain in neutral. And that's not a good state. You're neither coming or and you're neither going. You're just staying in the same place because the situation that you're dealing with in your life, amen, has has weighed you down. It it's began to try to pull you away. But but so some of these things that we're looking at, we see here it says now now if we can begin to look at this, we we begin to see that that uh hold on, let me get to a scripture here. It says, now if if we can look at this, there's some of these things that we have. Now the scriptures here in Genesis 5:16-22, it says, "Say I then thee, walk in the spirit, and ye shall not fulfill the lust of the flesh. For the uh for the flesh lusteth against the spirit, and the spirit against the flesh, and these are contrary one to another, so that ye cannot do the things that ye would. But if ye be led of the spirit, ye are not under the law. Now the works of the flesh are manifest. Which are these? Now, these are the things that could that could weigh us down in our spiritual walk. These are things that could that could drag anchor. I mean, are you with me? You know, it's some of these things that that you just throw down off into the back and and they're holding you down in your spiritual walk. Some of these things are adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lasiness, idolatry, witchcraft, hatred, variance, emulation, wrath, strife, sedition, heresies, envy, envying, murder, drunkenness, revailing, and such like of the which I tell you before. I have also told you in times past that ye or that they which do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of God. Now, how many you want to inherit the kingdom of God here this scene? I mean, isn't that the goal is is to be inherit the kingdom of God. Now, the kingdom of God is a if you could think about yes is a literal place. But the kingdom of God, Amen, is is his word in the entirety in Jesus Christ. to obtain Christ is to obtain his kingdom. Now to think about this, but the fruits now now when we when we get rid of some of these things spiritually out of our life, you got to have something to fulfill because you know to anybody that's ever been through that point of life to where you know you you you you just went into this rut and you and you've been addicted to you've been addicted to a a a depression or you've been addicted to just a bad mentality against the word of God or just a bad attitude and you're addicted to, you know, the this mind battles. battles that you've been going through or you're just addicted to, you know, these things that have consistently run your life before. Now, if you and now to be able to lay these things aside, you must be able to put something in its place. And because there's got to be something that's greater than what you're leaving to be able to fulfill the position. Now, the scripture says here is in the 22nd verse, but the fruit of the spirit is love. &gt;&gt; It is joy. It is peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance. Against such there's no law. In other words, God's like, I don't have a problem with these things. I don't have a problem with you having joy in the morning when you wake up instead of waking up and and assessing all of your problems that you have and obsessing all of the insecurities that you have and obsessing all of the sicknesses that you have and obsessing all of the uh whatever it is that keeps you bogged down from living free in the spirit. He says, "I" He says, "I don't have a problem with you having temperance in your life. I don't have a problem with you having joy and peace, but I want you to get rid of these other things so that so that the word could rule in your life. Now, thinking about this now, if there's now, if if we get rid of all of the natural things and we've narrowed down the natural things to uh that we need for the journey or whatever it is we're going through, we need to be able to narrow down exactly in our spiritual walk. the thing that would be able to get us down the road and be a successful Christian. Now, if we're not careful now, and now I'm really huge and I and I and I like consolidation. I like being able to take a lot of different I'm that kind of guy that, you know, if I'm going to go to such and such place over here to Steel Water, you know, I'm going to I'm going to go stop at Lock and I got to go stop by Elliot and I got to go stop by this place and I'm going to go check out wood here and I'm going to go do this. So, I'm going to do all these different things all at one time. So you can go and you can look and you can find the scriptures. Find in the scriptures what is it that is the focal point that funnels down to everything that is fulfilled in all in in in one in all in one and you all in one and that is in Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today and forever. You can funnel down all these things down into Jesus Christ. And you can look if you go and you read into your scriptures, you can find where there's a lot of key witnesses of people that were willing to risk that were willing to that were that were willing to to to to be able to lay their desires to be able to lay their will to lay their will on the line for the word. Now, if you go back and you you look here in the scripture, you begin you can go and you can find you can find the widow woman. The widow woman, the cruise of oil. Now think about this. He says over there in first Kings 17:9-16 and it and it reads like this starting here at the ninth verse, get thee to Zerapath which belongth to to uh is Zidon Zidon. We'll go with Zidon and dwelleth and dwelleth there. Behold, I've commanded the widow woman there to sustain me. So he had rose and he went to Zerapath. And when he had come to the come to the gate of of the city, behold the woman which was which was gathering of which was gathering sticks and he called to her. And he said, "Fetch me, I pray thee, a little water in the vessel that I might drink." And he and she was going to fetch it. He called to her and says, "Bring me, I pray thee, a morsel of bread in thy hand." And she said, "As the Lord thy God liveth, I have not not a cake, but a handful of meal in thy barrel, and a little oil in the cruise, and behold, I'm gathering two sticks that I might go and dress it for me and my son, that we may eat, and we may die." And Elijah said to her, said to her, "Fear not, and go do as I as do as thou hast said, but make me therefore a little cake first." Now, think about this. Amen. You you you're in the middle of a situation. And I mean, you're you're there there's a famine in the land. There's I mean, there's I mean, there's only so everybody's only got so much. And and I'm sure that I'm sure that if they could, every neighbor would try to help each other, but but but it just wasn't it wasn't it wasn't happening. It was just it wasn't going to happen. And and she had already made up in her mind, as the scripture says, that that she was going to get these two sticks. She's going to make a fire and she's going to get and she's going to get these little cakes right here, and she's going to make it for her and and her child and and they're going to die. But but you think about this now. What was the prophet? The prophet was the word. And the word came to this little lady. Now think about this. And he had given her a commandment. You know, because because now think about it. God spoke God spoke to the prophet and said, uh, I have commanded a widow woman there to s to sustain the now. down did the I don't think according to the scripture here if you go down and you read the whole thing that the widow woman really got the memo because I don't think there would have been any types of hesitation if she would have got God would have been like hey I'm going to have my prophet come down here and you're going to feed him and and and don't worry about it because you know that you know because uh uh uh uh uh uh because after it's all done I'm going to I'm going to make sure you never run dry everything's going to be okay everything's going to be good and you know everything's just going to move along. But when the but when the prophet came up to her he said hey be before you cook that give me to eat first. Now, we're going to finish this portion here. And it says, "For thus saith though," or for and Elijah said unto here, "Fear not. Go and do as thou hast said, but make me make me thereof a little cake first, and bring it unto me, and after make for thee, and for thy son, for for thus saith the Lord God of Israel, the barrel of meal shall not waste, neither neither shall the cruise of of oil fill until the day that the Lord hath sendeth rain upon the earth." And she went and did according to the saying of Elijah. And she said he in her house did eat many days and the barrel of me of meal wasted not neither did the cruise of oil according to the word of the Lord which was spanked by Elijah. Now think of this. I mean this woman she had the very last of of the what she had had. But yet she had she had come and and she knew that the prophet Amen. that anything that come out of his mouth, anything that he'd said, anything that was spoken unto him, that God would back him up. And she was willing to give the last of what she had. In other words, I I feel here this evening that there's a lot of us if we're where we might be at to the point to where we can give. Amen. The last of what we've got because, you know, Lord, you see the bank account and and and Father, you see the bills that are coming due, Lord. And you see my car, Father, Father, you see that it needs these parts, Lord Jesus. and and and God, you see how I got to pay these medical bills or Lord, you know, I need I need uh some clothes or I need you, Lord, to provide food at my house, Lord. I need you to do this or I need you to do that. But if you're not careful, you're going to miss the word that come right by your way to be able to give you exactly what you need at your time. And if God, amen, could send a prophet down to a woman there back in this time. It's the same God. Amen. That was the Jehovah, the provider for the widow woman. Is the same God here in 2025 to be able to provide. Amen. Your need. Now, what was that prophet doing? What was the word doing? The word didn't come down and and and just explain to the widow woman everything that was going on. But she had faith in the word. She had faith in the prophet of the hour. She had faith that God, amen, was the same yesterday, today, and forever. No doubt she had heard about the things that God did. And at that time that she believe that God could be willing to do the same thing. But you have to be willing to be able to come and submit to the word to let God to be able to provide for your need. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We know that Israel was very staunch. We know that Israel was very literal when it come to when it come to God's word. You can go back and you can see the three Hebrew children there in Daniel 3:16. Shadrach, Meshach, and Abedneo answering and said unto the king, "Oh Nebuchadnezzar, we are not careful to answer thee in this matter." Look at the confidence &gt;&gt; speaking to a king. &gt;&gt; The king had already told him that everybody has to bow to this image. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And you know what the king of this world that we live in says that you have to bow to the situation that you live in. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Says you have to bow to to what the doctors have diagnosed you. &gt;&gt; Says that you have to bow to that that you're always going to have to deal with with with with with the h infirmities in your body. says that you're always going to have to deal with with hatred toward your brother. Says that you're always going to have to deal with with these situations in your life. This is just the way that it's going to have to be. But yet, Amen. There's something about an individual that's willing to stand on God's word. &gt;&gt; There's something about somebody that's willing to to defy the odds. Now, think about it. You have these men right here before thousands before hundreds of thousands people all there and the image has gone up and there's millions and there's there's there's billions of people that have surrendered to the will of the devil. &gt;&gt; They surrender to the lie of the devil when they when when it says that you know what you're just going to have to live with a broken home and you're just going to have to live with with with with the state that you the cars that you've been dealt with. But let me tell you something. Let me answer you concerning this matter. If it be so, our God whom we serve is able to deliver us from the burning fiery furnace and he will deliver us out of thy hand. Oh king. Amen. That same confidence, amen, resonates right now into inside the hearts of the believers that no matter what, that we will not bend, that we will not bow, that we will not surrender to the ideology that we have to live subpar to the to what God would have for you, the blessings that God would have for you. &gt;&gt; Every every man in the world bowed. It was easy. &gt;&gt; It was easy to do it. The king said, "You know what? You know what? They just do this and everything's going to be okay. You're going to come out and you're going to bow. You know what? The world says that you have to bow with the ideology that you you know what that your children there's a good chance that your child might end up homosexual. You know, there's a there's an ideology out there that says that, you know what, that you might have to accept the idea, you know, what that that that the average statistics in America for a marriage is so many years and so many this and that it's normal for you guys to get into fight and to divide and and to be able to have this a child over here and and and all this and all that kind of nonsense and and and and it's it's a lot of people that have accepted the idea that yes, I'll just die of cancer or yes, I'll just die of diabetes or oh yes, I'll just die of this or I'll just die of that. That's just the way the world goes. They're just going to put me on medication all the way till I die. Oh king, let me answer you with assurityity when it comes to this matter. Amen. That though, Amen. Though I make my bed in hell, thou art there. Though though God slay me, yet I'll trust him. Yet God, I'll be there through the thick and thin. And Lord, I will not bow to the ideal that I have to live underneath what God has given me. Think about this. &gt;&gt; The scripture says Psalm 63:1-11, it says, "Oh God, thou art my God." Now, think about this. We know who wrote Psalms. Now, think about this. An individual that's gone through the good times and he's gone through the bad times. He's had his ups and downs when it comes to God, but yet he he can write these words. &gt;&gt; He could testify of these words. with the shity so much that God would pin him in his own Bible. He says here, he says, "Oh God, thou art God. Early will I seek thee early." It's got to be pretty important in my book to get up early. &gt;&gt; Show up late to my own work. &gt;&gt; I will seek thee early. My soulraise the Lord &gt;&gt; thirsteth for thee. My flesh longeth for thee in a dry and thirsty land &gt;&gt; where no water is. &gt;&gt; It's pretty bad. You're pretty broken at that point. You're pretty to a point where it's just, you know what, God, I can't I I I I can't move another muscle without you. I'm dehydrated, Father. The very life of my body has come to a point to where, Lord, without your presence, I'm nothing. Father, it says to thee, thy power and thy glory, not man's glory. This man was a king. &gt;&gt; This man was anointed by the prophet himself. And he says, "To thee thy glory. To thee thy power." Oh, how every man and every every girl could do that here this morning. To be able to put your power to put your ability to be able to put the things that you esteem that accomplishments that you made to be able to put to lay those crowns at the feet of Jesus and said, "Thy king, let you have the glory and the preeminence in my heart and life." So as I have seen thee in the in the sanctuary, because thy loving kindness is better than life, &gt;&gt; the Lord, &gt;&gt; my lips shall praise thee, &gt;&gt; thus will I bless thee while I live. &gt;&gt; I will lift up my hands unto thy name. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. My soul shall be satisfied as with marorrow and fatness, and my mouth shall praise thee with joyful lips. Do you think that every moment of David's life was joyful? Do you think that running from cave to cave and be chased and be and be and be and be and be and be just exiled from his kinsmen and exiled from from his brothers and his and his do you think every moment was just joy to his lips, but in the midst of sorrow? Yes. &gt;&gt; But in the midst of pain, but in the midst of sacrifice, and in the midst of all these things, my lips will praise thee. &gt;&gt; When I remember thee upon my bed, think about this. He's already said, &gt;&gt; he's already said, "Oh God, thou art my God, early will I seek thee." He's already thinking about him in the morning. And when I remember thee upon my bed, look at that that Peton that pitter pattern that's taking place because he knows that without his essence. He knows that without his abilities. He knows that without God and he knows that without without him he's nothing. That because he's a lamb that's being led into the slaughter. He knows that he's a lamb. Amen. To be devoured by all the things of this world. But yet in the midst of all these things, my lips will praise thee, and I think of thee continually from morning to evening. &gt;&gt; He says, "And I meditate on thee in the night watches." &gt;&gt; In the night watches. Think about some of these brothers that struggle with things in their lives as far as you know can not being able to sleep at night and you know devil tormenting your bodies and trying to keep you up and trying to keep you exasperated from the next day's worth. You just tell him that when I remember him upon my bed and I'll meditate upon &gt;&gt; thee at the night watches. &gt;&gt; I'll meditate upon thee. Yeah, you're going to keep me up all night. you're going to try to do these things to my body and you're going to try to afflict me and you be able to keep me from doing it upon the duties. I'll just take that moment of time. Amen. To be able to give praises unto God and say, "Lord, I love you. Lord, Lord, I see these." What is it? It's because in the midst of his trial, you're giving joy in the midst of the trial. And when in the midst of that trial where joy's being done, God's being glorified in the midst of it. And God God can work in the midst of your faith. It says here, I'll get through this here in a second. It says, "Because my soul fallth hard after thee." Have you ever felt hard? Yeah. You have. You're married. All of a sudden, you felt hard. You felt head over heels. There's something about Jesus. There's something about his presence. There's something about him that he's actually physically not here, but yet his essence understands who you are. About how that you can go inside of your room and and all of a sudden, Amen. the where depression leaves and it ceases for a moment and his presence comes in there and it begins to fill the gap where where where you're longing inside of your soul. I mean it begins to come and it begins to seal away all the darkness that's what's in your life and the thing that you feel like you're missing and the thing you feel like you're longing after all of a sudden his presence becomes that fulfillment. He says, "Because thou hast been my help. Therefore, in the shadows of the wings will I rejoice. My soul followeth hard after thee. Thy right hand upholdeth thee. But but those that seek my soul to destroy it shall go in the lower parts of the earth. They shall fall by the sword. your enemy, the sickness that you're struggling with, the mind battle that you're struggling with, the the evilness that's coming against you that keeps you from from from that tries to keep you from reaching amen your true expectations of God for you in your life. The Lord is your shield. &gt;&gt; Yes. It says because the soul follow or because they'll seek my soul to destroy it and shall go in the lower parts of the earth that shall fall by the sword and shall be a portion of or shall be a portion for foxes for the king shall rejoice in God. Everyone that swearth by him shall glory but the mouth of them shall speak lies shall be stopped. Now going on and going on going on to this, we we can begin to see where some of these men where they begin to where where we begin to go and begin to try to funnel these down into down into the spiritual sense of it where Jesus becomes the fulfillment of all it all and we begin to shake away all of the heavy weights that are on our lives and we begin to look and begin to realize in our spiritual walk that we can't do nothing within ourselves. But yet Jesus, Jesus, who is the word of God fulfilled in our day, the scripture says there in John 1:12 and 14, a familiar passage of scripture and starting at the first verse, in the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God. Now we can go on down in the 12th verse. As many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe upon his name, which were born not of blood, nor of the will of flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God. And the word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, and beheld his glory to glory as the only begotten of the father, full of grace and truth there at the beginning again at the 14th verse. And the word was made flesh. The word, amen, came, amen, from that Jehovah that we were talking about there. That's the the Jehovah, the pro the Jehovah of the old has been put into Jesus Christ of the new and Jesus in this day that the word when it became flesh, amen, come back into his word and is being fulfilled through the lives of the believers here this evening. Now, I like this little thing here there in the message. Uh uh I got this one from the message Jehovah Gyra. It says Mr. Bosworth said he said I have 600 statements. Now break this is just breaking into the situation where there there was a man that had challenged brother Random on divine healing and we all know the story there at the Houston Coliseum where where he was challenged by the newspapers and you know we know the story about how brother Random didn't want to uh debate over the word so brother Bosworth come and asked to be able to debate. Now, I want us to be able to think about this is because, you know, you know, there's a lot of different needs. There's a lot of different things that that that that that we desire that that that you know, we we begin to look and we begin to look at where where Jesus is and we can find that there's a lot of things that was in the Old Testament where Jehovah was. We we talk about Jehovah Rafa and you talk about Jehovah Nissi and you talk about Jehovah Zitkanu and you talk about you know Jehovah uh Gyra and you talk about these different ones but but the thing but the thing is is you find those things but now we need to be able to find where that relies today. Now, I love this bringing this in here because I felt like it kind of clarified it there. And this is brother Brandham or brother Bosworth in the debate here. And breaking into this debate here, it says, "Brother Bosworth said, he said, I have 600 statements concerning Christ's attitude towards the sick. I will place these to Mr. Best if he can take one of them and disprove it by the word. I'll turn this debate to him and he w and he wouldn't do it." He said, "Then I'll ask Mr. Best, the best Baptist preacher. I asked him one question. and if he'll answer it yes or no just say yes or no then I'll turn the rest of it over to him Mr. best said, "Ask on." The mediator gave him or gave him release. He said, "Was the redemptive names of Jehovah uh the seven compound redemptive names of Jehovah applied to Jesus?" Yes or no? That settled it. Now, did you get that? Did you see? He says, "Could you explain that again, brother?" He says, "He wants me to get it again so they would be so that would be sure." Was the redemptive names, the seven compoundtown redemptive names of Jehovah applied to Jesus? Yes or no? He couldn't say it. If he said yes, he was Jehovah Gyra, the Lord's provided sacrifice. And if he was Jehovah Gyra, then he was also Jehovah Rafa. Now listen, I want these ministers to catch this. You understand what it means? See Jehovah Gyra. You see, you know, he says Jehovah Gyra, Jehovah Rafa won all of you. Okay? Now, if he said that he wasn't Jehovah Gyra, he wasn't Jehovah Gyra, then he also if he wasn't he was Jehovah Gyra, then he had to become Jehovah Rafa. You can't separate them. See, you can't separate them. So, if he isn't Jehovah, Jehovah, our healer, he isn't Jehovah, our savior. That that settled it. He couldn't answer it. He couldn't answer it. Amen. Excuse me, brother. Then speaks to brother Brandham away from the microphone. Get it? You see, you can't deny one and accept the other. And if God has ever healed you once, he'll heal you again. And if God has ever has ever has ever uh uh uh been God's been mighty in battle for you and mighty in battle, then he can't help but be the healer. Amen. So, and and if God, Amen, he and if he was God, amen, the provider, then he he has no choice, amen, to be uh the uh the God, Amen, that health thee. Now, now thinking about this, I love the story about Isaac or Abraham. And Amen. I'm trying to wind this down and and and you just be patient with me here. It says, "Now he said unto his servants, the boys that was with him, listen to this." Now, he said, "You all tar here while the boy and I go up to worship." Now, I might have jumped a little bit ahead of myself in this, but at this phase in the Bible, at this phase, we were dealing with Jehovah and his redemptive abilities and his names of the seven names of redemption. You're dealing with you're dealing with you're dealing with all of the seven redemptive names. So this is where I wanting to bring this that now he said to the servants the boys that were with him listen to this now he said he said all tar here while the boy and I go up to worship the boy and I will return oh my what with a knife in his belt and in his heart to do the will of God &gt;&gt; was going to kill his own son you wait there the boy and I are going up yonder to worship the boy and I will return how he knowed God would keep his word in some way. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; On on they go up to the top of the mountain. Now watch when he got up to the mountain, he took all his wood and he laid it on Isaac's back. Wonder why he done all these things? Because it was a figure of Christ. &gt;&gt; Isaac packed the wood up the hill that he himself was the sacrifice to lay on. &gt;&gt; See the parallel there? Christ packed up the cross to the hill where he the sacrifice was to be laid on. Abraham shadowed God and the father giving his only begotten son for our sins. Abraham was giving his only son for obedience to God. Now God as they go up the hill, Abraham packing the fire and when they had got up there, he said, "Father," he said, "Here am I." He say, "Here is the wood and here is the fire. &gt;&gt; Here is the altar. But where is the lamb for sacrifice? &gt;&gt; Where is the lamb for sacrifice? Where is the need that needs to be provided for you? What is it that you're looking for? What is it that that you need God to do to move in your life? Wonder what or wonder why he or Abraham shadowed God and the father giving all his only begotten son for our sins. Abraham was giving his only son for the obedience to God. Now notice they go up the hill. Abraham packing the fire. When they go up to the fire, he said here, he said, "Here's the wood. Here's the fire. Here's the altar. But where's the lamb for sacrifice?" He says, "Oh, could you imagine the father's heart pumping hard, his only child?" He said, "Where is the sacrifice?" Abraham choking back the tears. Think of it of his own child choking back in the choking back the tears with the stern look towards heaven. He says, "My son, &gt;&gt; this where your faith, man, starts kicking in. &gt;&gt; This is where your faith is starting to look at the circumstance and you're not realizing what's going to exactly fix to happen. You don't realize how those bills are fixing to get paid. You don't realize how that how that God's going to heal your body. You don't realize how that what your your next move in life is. You don't realize, hey, man, that the the the the uh you you children that the things that you're going through in your life or where your emotions are moving back and forth and you're and you're beginning to struggle and you're beginning you don't know you don't know what what God's going to do to be able to be able to do for your life, but yet you're following the will of God. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But yet you're but yet but yet you pack the wood up the mountain as God told you to do. But yet but yet you're you're doing everything that you can and it just seems like God's just going to cut you off. He says Abraham choking back his tears thinking of his own self choking back there the stern look towards heaven. He said my son God will provide himself a lamb for the sacrifice. He says I'm not much. He says I'm not emotional much but that's just gets me. He says God will provide himself a sacrifice or a lamb for the sacrifice. He said and he said turn around Isaac turn your back to me my son. Now think about this. Abraham had the promise &gt;&gt; that his seed was going to multiply. That it was that his seed amen was going to be a royal nation. that his seed. So he had the promise but yet the situation was acting contrary towards the promise that God had given Abraham &gt;&gt; and sometimes you're going through things you're going through life you're going through things in your life that seem to be contrary to the will that's contrary to what you feel like God's doing in your life it seems like why would God be doing all these things but yet Abraham knew in the back of his mind that's why he said or that's why I love where he talked about he said he choked up &gt;&gt; and he stepped out because he knew that God had given him a promise. &gt;&gt; He knew and then in your life that God had given you a promise of healing. That God had given you a promise of your sound mind. That God had given you a promise of overcoming power in your life. That God had given you the ability, amen, to to destroy mind battles in your life. Amen. That God is going to provide a way, amen, for you to overcome. He says, "I'm I'm not emotional much, but here just gets me. God will provide himself a sacrifice or a lamb for the sacrifice." He said, "Turn around, Isaac. Turn your back to me, son." He did. And Isaac thought, "What's this? It's leather cord attacking my hands. It's getting close." Just like those Hebrew boys every walking up to that fire. That fire was getting hot. Isaac, he was the promise. And he was standing there with the leather being strapped around his back there and he his hands were being tied and and then all of a sudden he goes back he goes on to says and he says what's this? It's leather quartz taking my hand. Surely father understand what he's doing around his feet when some cords. Surely if God was going to provide something that he would have already done it by now. Surely if God was going to save my children. Surely if God was going to heal my body. Surely if God was going to was going to be able to provide for me in my family situation. Surely if God was going to be able to deliver me from this infirmity or deliver me from this spiritual battle that he was going to do it by now. &gt;&gt; But God was putting that faith to the test. &gt;&gt; He had realized that that that he had given amen him a promise and he was wanting to see if that faith would be willing to be put to the test. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; He said and he did. And Isaac thought, "Was this a leather cord? Surely, surely the father Isaac, what's he doing around his feet when some cords tied them together?" He looked over. Abraham looked at him, brushed back the hair out of his eyes, kissed him on the cheek. God be with you, my son. Laid him upon the altar, looked back, choking back his tears, his little tears, obedient to death, not asking the question. &gt;&gt; I sit back and whining. I sit back and whining to somebody about all the things that you're going through. I sit back and saying, "Oh, I got this." Or, "Oh, I got that." It wasn't that that was kept in mind. Abraham had to keep his mind on a promise. Amen. That no matter what, that he was going to have to kill the very thing that God gave him. But yet he had to realize, amen, that even if he got slew, he would have to have enough faith or or God would or God would give have the ability to raise him up again. And sometimes right at the crucial moment, he could have moved. He could have ran. He could have said, "No, this is my son." &gt;&gt; He said, "No, this situation could have been too hot." Little Isaac obedient, not asking a question. Abraham pulled back his big knife from that that sheath, the knife from his sheath, and he brushed back his hair from his little neck and he looked up to God and he started to take his little his little he started to take the life of his own son just as he raised his hand. The Holy Ghost caught his hand and said,"Abraham, say your hand, for I know now that you love me. not even to spare your oh son that God in the midst of your trial that you're willing to serve me when the fire gets heavy when it seems that I'm going to lose everything that I have. When it seems that life, my life is falling apart and it seems that I had to come and all of a sudden God keeps his word and at the very last moment his holy spirit comes in and says, "Now I know." And it wasn't on the mountaintop. But it was at that very moment when it seems to be all lost that God came in at that moment and he says, "Now I know that you love me. Holy Ghost caught his hand. He said, "Stay your hand, for now I know that you love me, not even sparing your own son." Could you think about that as your only child and you had waited all those years? &gt;&gt; Abraham had been faithful for 25 years. Abraham stood and he wandered and he looked for a place whose city is baker, builder, and maker is God. He could have drew the line with God at that moment right there and said, "Lord, I can't follow you no further." But God just wasn't something that he did on Sunday. God wasn't just something that he did on Wednesday. God wasn't just something that he did at church camp or that he did at revival meeting, but it was his everyday life. and he was willing to sacrifice anything. And all of a sudden, you're going through this trial and you're looking all a sudden he stays his hand and he says, "And about that time, oh God, &gt;&gt; bless the Lord, &gt;&gt; a bleeding little ram, not a not a female. I knew a ram was caught in the wilderness by his horns." What was it? It was Jehovah. that provided a lamb. As our musicians come right in the middle when the heat was there &gt;&gt; and you're looking and you're standing and all of a sudden, &gt;&gt; oh Jesus, &gt;&gt; you feel the heat of the situation going on in your life, fill in the blank of where it's at. I don't know. All I'm doing is just being put here. what's on our heart here this evening that at that moment when you're hanging in there and it's it's all turbulent when it seems like this or that or this or that or this or that is all taking place and it seems like that this is it. My spiritual life, physical life is coming to the guillotine. They've got me wrapped in my arms. They got me wrapped in my legs. a dud in. It didn't say that somebody from the bo the bottom of the hill seen him and all of a sudden rushed up there to stop him. It said God stood his hand. The Holy Ghost stood his hand. He says, "Now I know that you love me." Sometimes we don't expect to sacrifice. We don't expect to get rid of things in our life, but we expect God to go daily to the cross and die over and over and over and over. He sacrificed his life. He sacrificed. He made provisions. He was Jehovah Gyra. He was Jehovah Nissi. He was Jehovah Zitkanu. He was He was He was your God before you were even thought of. He prepared every situation for you to be able to get out of when you were in need. Before you were even born, God made sure that you had a way out. Before sin ever came, before your situation had ever given [Music] And here this evening, [Music] God's not at the center. If God's not at your center, and it's easy to happen, you got a lot of things going on, every one of us. But God's brought you this far. God's brought you this far. And not to just be one of those that are counted off of the wayside, oh yes, Mike King, he served God for a long time, and all of a sudden he just wear it off. No. All that my father have given me and he will not lose a one. He's here here this evening. He's here here this evening. All you need to do is just go. If you're dealing with mind battles here this evening, if you're dealing with certain elements, whatever it is that you might be dealing with, run to Jesus. Find him in his word because that's where he's expressed that here today. You could find him in the scriptures. You could find him here, a restored word where you could read in between the lines and you could find him living and breathing and speaking to you. If you need him to be the provider, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. If he provided Jehovah in the old and he provided as Jesus of the New Testament, then he will provide today because Jesus is in his word and you read that word and that word could be expressed and you could find his attributes being shown to you, his mercy to be shown for you. If you've fallen short, don't let the devil tell you. Don't let him tell you that you're too unworthy to come into his presence because you're not. If you're struggling because you don't know what to do in a situation. You might be in a barnia situation here and you don't know which way to go, left or right. Seek ye first the kingdom of God and all these things will be added unto you. Seek him while he be found here here this evening. He's your provider. He's all you need here here this evening. Kobe, what are we singing? You made a way when our backs were against the wall and it looked as if it was over. You made a way. And we're standing here only because you've made a way. Oh, you can move mountains. You can cause walls to fall with your power. You perform miracles and there's nothing that's impossible. [Music] [Applause] And we're standing here only because you fade away. Oh, you made a way. When our backs were against the wall and it looked as if it was over, you lay a way. And we're standing here only because you made a way. [Music] I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. Right now. Let's just stand to our feet here this evening as we get ready to turn our service over. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. &gt;&gt; You need him here this evening. &gt;&gt; We need a lot of things in life. &gt;&gt; I lift my head. I bow my knee. We don't worship. &gt;&gt; Don't leave the flower in the mountain. [Music] &gt;&gt; I need &gt;&gt; Don't leave the flower in the mountain. &gt;&gt; Don't leave Jesus in the mountain &gt;&gt; right now. &gt;&gt; Amen. Just let him know you love him. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. [Music] I lift my head and bow my knees to worship at your throne. [Music] I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. I need you, Lord. I need you. Yes, Lord. Right now. [Music] Need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. Right now [Music] I lift my head. I bow my knees and worship at your throne. I need you Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. [Music] I am the God that he [Music] am your healer. I send my word and heal your disease. I am the Lord, your healer. I am the God that healing. [Music] I am Lord your healer. I send my word and heal your disease. I am the Lord, your healer. You are the God that saved my soul. You are the God, my savior. You said your word and forgave all my sins. [Music] You are the Lord, my Savior. You are the God that healeth me, that healeth me. Yes, you are. You are the Lord, my healer. You said your word and healed my feet. You are the Lord, my healer. I will cast all my cares upon you. I lay all of my burdens down at your feet. at any time. I don't know just what to do. I will cast all my cares upon you. Oh, I will cast all my cares upon you. [Music] I lay all of my burdens down in fear. [Music] any time. I don't know just what to do. I will cast all my cares upon you. [Music] Oh, I will cast all my cares upon you. Yes, Lord. I lay all of my burdens down at your feet. And any time I don't know just what to do. I will cast all my cares upon you. Oh, he carth for you. He will care for you through sunshine or shadow shadows. He cares for you. [Music] Oh, he came for you. [Music] He came for you. Thank you, Lord. For through sunshine or shine at all. He caring for you once again. Oh, tonight he Yes, he does give for you. [Music] He came for you through sunshine or shadow at all. me caring for you. Oh my [Music] free you call my red seas. You walked with me through fire and healed all my disease. I will trust in you. [Music] I will trust in you. [Music] I believe you're my healer. I believe you are all I need. &gt;&gt; I believe. Oh Jesus, I believe you're my portion. Oh, I believe &gt;&gt; I believe you're more than enough. for me. [Music] Jesus, you're all I need. Hallelujah. You hold my every move. He's all we need tonight. Come my way. &gt;&gt; He's all we have need of. Oh, you walked with me through the fire [Music] &gt;&gt; and you heal all my disease disease. [Music] &gt;&gt; I will trust in you. I was trust in you. Sing it now. I believe. I believe you're my heal, &gt;&gt; Jesus. I believe. &gt;&gt; I believe you are all I need. Oh, I believe [Music] I believe you're my portion. Oh, I believe &gt;&gt; I believe you're more than enough for me. Jesus, you're all. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Do you love him here tonight? [Applause] Wonderful, [Music] wonderful message here this evening. He is all that we have need of. Just Amen. Just line up everything that you have and all of the all of the needs that you have. Amen. And as brother Michael said, it'll funnel down all down to one common denominator. We need the Lord Jesus. And that word, it all comes right down to his word. Are we willing to sacrifice our feelings, our sickness, our mind battles? Are we are we are we able are we willing to lay it all right down there on as as Abraham did? Because really that was that was he he had went for 25 years waiting for that promise. And now here he is 14 15 years later. And so now we're we're we're talking about between uh 35 40 years later since he's had the promise. Amen. He's had the boy now for 14 15 years. God's saying to sacrifice him and and and he's got to lay it down. on. He's got to lay that child down, lay that promise down for the will of God. And I really think that's that's something that God is asking of us. And sometimes we we'll go through a prolonged sickness or we'll go through a prolonged whatever in our lives, our children or this, that, and the other. And a and a lot of it, it's not our children's, it is our children's battle, but it's our battle as a parent. It's what God is, where are we going to where are we at? where what are we willing to to come to in ourselves, Lord, what are you trying to teach me? Where am I at in our sicknesses? Sometimes we ask and and we don't we don't get that immediate response from the Lord like we want that healing like we're asking for and the Lord's want to do something deeper inside us. Where where are we at? What are are we willing to throw aside his his his promises for feelings and emotions and this that and the other? Are we willing to stand there in faith? And God God does these things. He allows He allows things where man uh a spousal problem or this that and the other. Are we willing to stand upon the word of God by ourselves? stand upon and commit ourselves to that word alone. Are we so in love with him? Not just saying it from our lips. We can say that we're in love with him, but yet we're we're we're we're allowing our mind to feed on this and that and every imagination. Well, we're listen, we're not in love with him. Amen. That's actually in scriptural terms committing adultery against his word because we're not putting his word as our absolute. We're chasing this and that and the other. God don't want that. God doesn't. No other opinion matters. No other emotion matters. Nothing else matters but God and his word. And when you're in the fire, hallelujah. When you're in that when when God's allowing the pressure to be put on you, you are you you're squirming. But when it all comes down to it, the bedrock is though God slay me, yet I will serve him. Is that right? And then God says, then God says, I I've got confidence. And and the thing is is God always did have confidence in Job. Amen. But God wanted Job to see something within him. And when all of it was said and done, amen. He was able to say, "God gives and God takes away. Blessed be the name of the Lord." Is that right? So when you're if you're sick here tonight, keep that confession. Lord, I I'm I'm going to serve you. You You are my healer. And if you haven't done it already, then there's a reason. You're testing my faith. And I just want you to know I've still got my faith. If you're believing for your children, Amen. I Lord, I listen, it is ju it just a snap of the finger and you could you could do that. But you're working something in them and you're working something in me. Is that right? Amen. Whether it be your your your your husband, your wife, your your your family situation, when it comes down to it, God, I will serve you alone. If I have to serve you, I will believe you though you slay me. I will give everything I've got to you. Amen. You are all I need. I don't need you plus uh her or plus my son or plus my healing. I don't need you plus my my my wife or my husband. I need you alone. I'm going to serve you alone. And then God adds everything else to us. Then God does that. Can you say amen? Did you enjoy the word of the Lord tonight? I enjoyed Brother Michael's message here this evening. Amen. You're all that I need. You're all that I want. Amen. God bless you. We um we're we're thankful that God can bring word and I I hope this is a a good also a good blessing for for those that are are online, you that are that are fighting sicknesses. Amen. That'll give you a shot in the arm tonight. And um we we've had a couple of uh we've had some birthdays here in these last little little bit. I know for sure that um Okay. So, uh I um Dad's birthday was yesterday. Loretta's birthday is today. And then we've got Brother Noah and Sister Lydia's birthday today. How How old are you, Lydia? How old are you? Are you Are you one? Are you four? Huh? I really can't remember. Six. Okay, you're six. Amen. And so she so so these two twins are six years old today. And then and then Michaela turned eight on Monday. So she's 8 years old and um dad is dad's 75 years old and we and and sister uh Loretta well she's 18. Amen. So, so what other what other birthdays have we missed this week? Um I I hadn't even got on I had I hadn't got to read all of the all of the chat. Um are we missing any other birthdays? Praise the Lord. All right. Well, let's let's sing happy birthday to all of all these fine folks here. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday Noah, Lydia, Michaela, Loretta, and Dan. Happy birthday to you. May Jesus bless you. May Jesus bless you. May Jesus bless Noah, Lydia, Michaela, Loretta, and brother Martin the whole year through. Give them a great big hand clap. [Music] Amen. Well, we we sure appreciate every one of you and uh we love these these kiddos. It's it's just it's just hard to believe that Lydia is six years old. Before long, she's going to be catching up with her sister. I can you believe that Michaela is eight. She is 8 years old. And uh I love Michaela. Amen. And u so we just love all of you. And uh so we just wish God's blessings upon y'all full of uh happiness and and health and may the blessings of of um God's presence be with y'all this year. Amen. We we want to say that um uh it's it's been very good to have brother and sister Gadman with us here tonight. God bless them. And brother Gadman is going to be ministering Sunday night. And um uh so have have you have you been ministering any at all? You you've been ministering some. And um so we are we are excited to hear brother Gadman. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And um listen, he this guy has u fought the devil to hell and back. But, uh, he's he's he's doing well and and, um, they took out a whole bunch of his intestines and, um, and he lived to tell about it. Praise the Lord. And so, he's he's doing much much better. And we're so very thankful to the Lord for that. Brother Gadman was sick over this last this last year. just incredibly sick. He he was sick. Even when he was up here preaching for us uh two or three times that he come preaching for us, he was a sick man. And he kept preaching uh uh evangelizing even while uh he was um his stools were just as bloody as could be. And uh his colon was was uh was so inflamed and so bad. and uh and and yet he stood up behind the pull pit preaching and I say I say that's a soldier. God richly bless you, brother Gadman. Amen. [Applause] Praise the Lord. Well, we just love the Lord and I'm I'm I'm thankful that God's Amen. We're That's just what we do. We're just We're warriors. We're soldiers. We fight. We don't turn around. We don't we don't um uh you know, you can't you can't quit the game. You know, when you're a kid, you can go quit and and run to your mama, but you can't do that when as a soldier, you've got to keep on fighting. And uh uh but we're winners. How many How many winners are in the building here today? Amen. And so, uh we're just so thankful for that. God bless you. What are we going to uh sing? What do we as we dismiss brother Kobe? &gt;&gt; Oh, I want to see him. Oh, look upon his face. Sing forever of Savian grace. Walk the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. All of my cares are passed. Home at last forever to rejoice as I journey through the land. Singing as I go to Calvary to the crimson flow. Many arrows pierce my soul from withoutin. [Applause] But my Lord leads me on and through him I all together now as we dismiss. Oh I want to see him stay there to sing. You're dismissed in the fear of the Lord. Make sure you shake one another's hands as you're dismissing. We love you. Glory. Let me lift my voice. All of my cares are passed. Home at last, ever too. In service for my Lord. Dark may be the night, but I'll cling more close to him. Through him light. Satan snares may vex my soul from but my Lord goes ahead leads what every time. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. There to see forever heart on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice over my cares. Oh, at last ever to rejoice. And oh, I want to see him.
