################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-10 - 2025-12-10 Bro Wendall Martin Youth Heeding To Wise Counsel 2 - Wendall Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-12-10
Title:   2025-12-10 Bro Wendall Martin "Youth: Heeding To Wise Counsel #2"
Speaker: Wendall Martin
Church:  New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XNTWTon-fSw
========================================

Christ our king. What a beautiful name it is. Nothing can stand against a beautiful name. the name of Jesus. The splendest was that hill of God. for you and me. Friend, then the ocean is dry. There's no sparrow fly in heaven. But there's no like in hanging by his side. And he spoke with love and compassion. that he took him to paradise world. The ocean is dry. There's no stars in the sky If that is heaven's feeling like that is enough. by his side. that he spoke with love and compassion. He took care to die. If that is a love then the ocean is dry and there's no stars in the sky where can't with heaven. There's no feeling like this. There's just no feeling like pres mighty power and his grace. I can hear the rush of angels wings see glor. Glor said he would It doesn't take very sweet long. Surely we can say that we've been with the Lord. Surely the presence of our Lord is in this place. Let you feel his mighty power. You hear the brush of angels wings. see glor. It doesn't take many. It can be just two or three. And I feel that sweet of times. Surely we can say that we've been with the Lord. Surely the presence of the Lord is in this place. I can feel his mighty power and his grace. Can't you hear the rush of angels wings and see glory The presence of our Lord is in this place. Can't you feel his mighty power and his grace? Let you hear the rush of angels wings and see glor. Glory on each face. Surely presence of the Lord is in this place. And all these saints and angels, they bow before your throne. And all the elders cast their crowns before the lamb of God and sing. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things, to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Oh, you're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. Yes, you are, Lord. For from you are all things, to you are all things. You deserve the glory. All the saints and all the saints and angels they bow before your throne. And all the elders cast their crowns before the lamb. Yes, Lord. Sing it with all your heart. You're worthy of it all. Yes, you are, Lord. Oh, you're worthy of it all. For from you are all thanks. To you are all thanks. You deserve the glory. Is he worthy? You're worthy of it all. Yes, you are, Lord. You are worthy of it all. For from you are all things. To you are all things. you deserve. Can you just lift your voices now without music? You're worthy. Oh, you're worthy of it all. &gt;&gt; Yes, he is. Oh, you're worthy of it all. For from you are all thanks. To you are all thanks. You deserve the glory. He's worthy. You're worthy of it all. Yes. Yes, Lord. Oh, you're worthy of it all. For from you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve the glory. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. that your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you only. Great are you, Lord. It's your breath. Oh, it's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. It's that your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you only. Great are you Lord. Can we sing this now? There is none like you. Can we just worship him for a few minutes tonight? No one else can touch my heart like you do. I can search. I can search for all eternity long and find there is none like you. My Can you say that with all your heart tonight? Thank you, Lord. He's worthy of the praise tonight. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. I'd like to go to prayer tonight if we can. So good to see everybody in the house of the Lord. Um before we get started, I'd like to say the I appreciate our young people. Um, they spent the last two hours uh last night making uh Christmas cards for the nursing home and they also have cards for each one of you families here tonight as well. So, I appreciate our young people. Thank y'all. Tell you what, filling out a 100 cards, it takes time. Amen. So, right after service here tonight, they we do have some cards for all you families. Brother Merl, would you mind coming and leading us in prayer tonight? We do have a few uh written needs among us here from one from sister Carol says brother Ronnie Justice he's to have a procedure on his um what is that artery corateed artery okay let's remember brother Ronnie and also your daughter Carol her kidney function uh test is in the 40s and it should be in the ' 90s sister Carol was says we need a miracle. So um we're believing with her tonight and also I heard that sister Tina and brother Caleb is coming home tonight. So so thankful the Lord kept his hands upon sister Tina and the baby and brother Caleb. Amen. Now we just pray the Lord gives them some rest. Amen. If you have a need upon your heart tonight, just make it known by the lifting of your hand. God bless you now. &gt;&gt; Amen. And you believe he's worthy. Tonight we sing. Worthy is the lamb. The Bible says worthy is the lamb. If a ship can make it through the storm, it's called sea worthy. That means it can do the job. When you sing worthy, you're telling him he can do the job. Sister Carol. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; You can make it through the storm. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, let's go to him this evening. Amen. And proclaim, Lord, I know you're worthy. Amen. Would you help me pray tonight? Heavenly Father, we come before your throne boldly as sons and daughters of God, presenting our petitions for our brothers and sisters in Christ, Lord, and for the needs of the flesh, Lord, and and needs of uh their daily sustenance, Lord, or whatever you have they have need of, Lord. We can we can't ask you too much, Lord. for you. We serve a big worthy God who's able to perform and nothing shall stand in your in your way and keep you from doing what you can do tonight, Lord. And you you not only are worthy to and can do it, you want to do it. Amen. You just want us to ask, Lord. So we come asking, believing, Amen. and asking you just uh be with brother Caleb, sister Tina, Lord, or the birth of their family, with the birth of their newborn son, Lord. We also pray for sister Carol and her needs, Lord. &gt;&gt; Lord, just we just stand uh only thing we have need of tonight, Lord, is really you. Amen. For you are all in all. Amen. You're the head of the body tonight, Lord. We ask you to come, Amen. and make yourself known to us once again, Lord, to increase our faith. Amen. To believe you for the supernatural, Lord. But just ask you to bless the man of God, Lord, to take over his vessel to speak through human lips tonight. And may we see the unveiling of God, Lord. I've been listening to that message, Lord. And I'm so thankful that you unveiled yourself to your elect. Amen. and you hid it from the eyes. The wise and prudent revealed it to babes such as would learn. We come tonight as babes. Amen. Asking you to feed us, Lord. And give us drink, Lord. And we'll give you praise for we ask it in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Do you love him? Amen. Can we sing this? Is Jesus on the inside? He's working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. It is Jesus on the inside. He's working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Oh, what a change. And oh, what a change. Oh, what a change. I know want a change in my life. It is Jesus on the inside working on the outside. Oh, what a change. It is the Holy Ghost. Oh, it's the Holy Ghost on the inside working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. It's the Holy Ghost on the inside working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Oh, what a change in Oh, what a change. Oh, what a change. Oh, what a change in my life. life. It's the Holy Ghost on the inside working on the outside. Oh, what a change. If you've experienced that change, tell someone about it. It's the word on the inside. It's working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. It's the word on the inside working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Oh, what a change. Oh, what a change. Oh, what a change in my life. It's the word on the inside. working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Oh, think about his love. Oh, think about his goodness. Think about his grace that's brought us through. For as high as the heavens above, so great is the measure of our Father's love. Oh, great is the measure of our Can we go down a key? Oh, think about his love. Oh, think about his goodness. Yes. Think about his grace that's brought us through. For as high as the heavens above, so great is the measure of our Father's love. love. Oh, great is the measure of our father's love. I'm learning to leave. I'm learning to lead. I'm learning to lead on Jesus. Oh, I am finding more power than I ever dreamed. I'm learning to lean on Jesus. Sister Amy, could you come up and sing that song, Show Me Your Way? &gt;&gt; Amen. I don't know it all. Amen. Let's just continue to to sing this again. Learning to lead. I'm learning to leave on Jesus. Yes, I am finding all my more power than I ever dream. I am ready to lead on Jesus. &gt;&gt; Can we sing this as the man of God gets ready to come now? Amen. Show me your ways. &gt;&gt; That I may walk with you. Show me your way. I put my hope in you. Crawling my heart is to love you more. To live with the touch of your hand. Stronger each day. Lord, show me your way. Show me your way. &gt;&gt; Is that your cry tonight? &gt;&gt; That I may walk with you. Show me your ways. I put my hope in you. The cry of my heart is to love you more. To live with the touch of your hand. Stronger each day. Lord, show me your way. &gt;&gt; Show me your way. Show me your ways that I may walk with you. Show me your ways. Why put my hope in you? The cry of my heart is to love you more. To live with the touch of your hand. Stronger each day. Lord, show me your way. &gt;&gt; Amen. Stronger each day. Show me your ways. Hallelujah. Amen. very thankful for his ways and a heart to know his ways. And I I believe if we have a hunger for him that he will definitely be there to help us. Amen. And and to teach us his ways. Do you believe that here tonight? Amen. Good to be here. Good to see everyone. And Sister Tracy, good to see you tonight. Missed you. Amen. Sister Carol, good to see you doing better. Amen. And um so we're we're sure thankful to see everyone here tonight. And um sis uh Sister Katrina's back there. She was really sick. And so good to have you tonight, Sister Katrina. And let's look here in in the scriptures uh here in Proverbs. We're going to we're going to be at the eth chapter. Start at the first verse. And um just good to see everyone here tonight. And um man uh so so thankful that the Lord had his hand on uh Sister Tina and and uh oh my goodness. Amen. She got there at 7 o'clock. I think they had her on that ptocin by 7:30 and and uh uh she went for like 40 something hours and uh before she had that baby and and so we're sure glad that she uh she had that had had the the baby boy, a healthy baby boy, uh Ezra Martin. And so, uh, we're we're sure proud for for them and and, um, baby's healthy, mama's healthy, and so we're just really thankful for that. Amen. Uh, let's look here at Proverbs, uh, 8 and1. Doth not wisdom cry? Understanding put forth her voice? She standeth in the top of high places, by the way, in the places of the paths. She cries at the gates, at the entry of the city, at the coming in at the doors. Unto you, oh men I call, and my voice is to the sons of man. Oh ye simple, understand wisdom. Ye fools, be ye of an understanding heart. here. For I will speak of excellent things, and the opening of my lips shall be the right things. For my mouth shall speak truth, and wickedness is an abomination to my lips. All the words of my mouth are in righteousness. There is nothing forward or perverse in them. They are all plain to him that understandeth, and right to them that find knowledge. Receive my instruction and not silver, knowledge rather than choice, gold. For wisdom is better than rubies and all the things that may be desired or not compared to it. I wisdom dwell with prudence and find out knowledge of witty inventions. The fear of the Lord is to hate evil. Pride and arrogancy and the evil way and a forward mouth do I hate. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Father, we want to thank you today for your blessings. And as Sister Amy was just singing the song, Show me Thy Way. &gt;&gt; Lord, that's the desire of all of our heart is that you would show us your way. Lord, we there's no limit, Lord, to wisdom and no limit to age. Lord, you anyone who's desiring you, Lord, you have said that you will give wisdom liberally to those who seek it. And Father, we're just asking that you would be with us tonight, that you would uh be the discerner of hearts and minds, that you would encourage and uplift. But Lord, we ask that you would build our faith to be more like you. Our desire is to be like you. Lord, give us a teachable spirit, Lord, and ears to hear in Jesus name. Can the church say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And amen. God bless you. You can be seated here today. Amen. Glory to God. Well, God is good. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, we're going to continue our thoughts from last uh Wednesday night heeding to wise counsel and um uh council wise wise counsel is is so incredible. We've got a lot of knowledge in in the land today, but not there's very little wisdom. And uh um if if you were to read there in the book of Proverbs, uh Solomon, the greatest the wisest man outside of Christ to ever uh be live upon the earth. He was a he he spoke at great lengths, dedicated entire chapters &gt;&gt; to um to wisdom. And um uh and and there's just one thing that he wanted. Solomon wanted his son to be wise. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; And um he would he would say, "My son, hear the words of your father." And and and he would put a lot of emphasis. And um and when we talk about wisdom, it's again it's not knowledge, but it's an understanding to discern judgment as as the uh scripture would put it. An understanding to discern God when he when he uh dealt with Solomon, he says, "You've got a desire to understand to discern judgment." And so we the tree of knowledge can't produce this kind of wisdom. You can have a wise man um you know of this world can inv you know boast of his smarts. He can he can have wise money investments. He can have um um you know their counselors. They're doctors. They're scientists. They're religious people. Amen. But God's wisdom is not necessarily knowledge. And so I want us to understand that we want want knowledge. We're thankful for school. We're thankful for um those kinds of things because you've got to have it. And actually an education does teach you discipline. I mean it teaches you a whole lot of things and and and you don't look dumb to everyone in society. So that's always a good thing. And um so I believe that we do need an education in this in this society that we live in. Amen. But tonight, I'm not I'm not talking about I'm not going to just put a whole lot of emphasis on on education. Amen. Because um uh God's wisdom is far superior to the tree of knowledge. Um the the wisdom of God is all knowing. The wisdom of God is discerning. So as we are seeking counsel, you're you it's it's a wise man that seeks after counsel. Amen. You you can have you you can have the smarts and not wisdom. But you see, wisdom will always look Amen. at knowledge with discernment. It'll it'll always look at things with looking on both sides, seeing that seeing it all the way around. And so, amen, the the the wisdom of God, it it sees the end from the beginning. It will it does not see things at face value. Amen. It it but it recognizes and identifies even the spirit behind things. So, wisdom is is so incredibly in important. Now, uh you know, wisdom is knowledge as well. Amen. Uh uh you know, you but it's a higher knowledge. It's in it's in fact the source of knowledge. &gt;&gt; Amen. Adam and Eve had a lot of knowledge. Amen. Adam and Eve had a lot of knowledge and they were eaten off the tree of life. But when they forsook the godly knowledge and went after amen the sensual knowledge, that's where they failed. Can you say amen? And so it it doesn't mean that that they didn't have understanding before because they did know God and they did fellowship with God. Amen. Adam and Eve, they were at the very source or Amen. they were at the source of the fountain of life, if you will. God, Amen, was everything to them. But you see, when they forsook God's wisdom and took on Satan's knowledge, and remember, Satan enticed him with knowledge. Amen. Well, you don't know everything. God knows that if you eat this, then you're going to know as he knows. Then they opened a whole new world. Knowledge opened up sin. And then before you knew it, Amen. things just went crazy. But God is still offering wisdom to every one of us here tonight. Amen. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? And and and so amen. I I I the the tree of knowledge was more tantalizing than the than the tree of life. And and therefore their eyes were closed to wisdom, open to knowledge. They could understand. And today today knowledge is incredible. Did you know that your brain is is is a huge computer? Did you know that your single brain my my my brain dummy me? Amen. Has more has has has more gigabytes in it than the biggest computer in the world. &gt;&gt; Amen. My mind now. Now so so you you you you want to you you want to understand God made your mind and you need to use your mind. But a mind without wisdom, well look around and lay ought to see it. Amen. We have a lot of smarts but no not not much wisdom. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; So the human spirit and this what I want to continue talking to you young people on wise counsel. Somebody say wise counsel. &gt;&gt; We want wise counsel. God's put me here for a purpose. Amen. Human counsel is is looking at knowledge in a totally different way than the wise counsel. Human human counsel Amen. will give you uh uh uh you know, look for yourself. Look look out for yourself. Just don't you know uh put your interest above God's interest. But wisdom says, "Listen, I've been put here for a reason and I need to really be careful at what I'm doing." Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Now, I I I was I was looking there and I I I I thought I'd bring this I thought I could bring this in on the uh on the mind, the human spirit. You know it the the way it can dream, it can design, it can build, it can troubleshoot, it can find solutions. Your mind, it can store trillions of bytes of memory. Your brain's memory capacity is 2.5 pabytes. Amen. Which is 2 and a half million gigabytes. you in your sebral uh uh cerebral uh core tech alone is 74 terabytes. Now, if you have a a fairly new computer, amen, you've probably heard of the phrase gigabytes and and uh megabytes and and and that sort of thing like that. Today's smartphone uh will have it's all measured by gigabytes. So, so your your the the the smallest of your your smartphones these days is going to have 16 gigabytes. Your um then it goes to 64 GB, 128 GB, then it goes up to 512 gigabytes of memory capacity. So, so I want you to really start to think your brain is 2.5 pabytes, which is 2.5 million 2 and a half million gigabytes. Now, my phone that I carry around, um, it's it's got, uh, I think that it's got 512 gigabytes. So, I've got twi 512 gigabytes in that phone. And that phone is it's pretty smart, right? I It's got 512 gigs. Your brain has two and a half million gigs of memory. &gt;&gt; So I want you to want you TO PUT THIS ALL in perspective here. Amen. And uh uh I I did you know that the operating system of the first Apollo uh spacecraft that landed on the moon in 1969 it it only had 64 kilobytes which is much much smaller than a gigabyte. There are only there are a,024 kilobytes in one gigabyte. So Apollo's computer could handle 64,000 bytes or 64,000 characters. Amen. I want you to catch this. The the the the system that put Amen. that that put the man on the moon did not even come close to having what your smallest cell phone would have today. &gt;&gt; Okay. Now I I want you to catch that. Amen. Because the the the smarts, we are a very very smart people. Society is incredibly smart. But yet it seems like with all of our smarts and we have made these phones and these computers, amen, like unto us. And we we have all of this memory. We have all of this data. But yet this world is missing common sense. &gt;&gt; It's missing it's missing wisdom because it is missing God. They have put it all in in education and the smarts and have missed out on the most important thing. Well, can you say amen? &gt;&gt; SO YOUR AVERAGE smartphone is literally light years ahead of the computer that guided and controlled the spaceship. Apollo spacecraft was 64 kilobytes which is much much less than one gigabyte. Your average cell phone is 16 gigabytes. Amen. Which is which is 16 million kilobytes. Now I thought this was interesting too. IRS's own data uh warehouse, the man that keeps track of uh 300 plus million Americans and many uh more million businesses has the capacity of 150 terabytes of memory. Yahoo's um 2.1 pabyte pabyte computer system can process 24 billion events in one day and yet it is a full 20% smaller than the average human brain. &gt;&gt; There's a reason why Satan went for this. There's a reason why Satan has chosen in this generation, amen, to entertain this. &gt;&gt; Brother Brandham says God goes for the heart, but Satan chose the mind. &gt;&gt; There's a reason why the internet has has come in its Amen. in its prime. And there's a reason why that maybe most of you adults are addicted to phones and hopefully you children are not. Amen. You young people because phones have become such a way of life. Amen. Satan has chosen he has chosen the smarts to control man. And I would say that he has done a pretty good job at it. &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; Amen. But yet, AMEN. WISE counsel is still there with us. I want you to think about it. Amen. Even in our in in our fallen condition. Amen. Mankind has mastered the planet with their spirits, with their minds, they they've got doctors and scientists and regular civilians are now uh flying into outer space. Amen. And and you see, you know, they we've got robots who can DO ALMOST ANYTHING. CARS THAT CAN DRIVE THEMSELVES. THEY THEY HAVE they have mimicked the human brain &gt;&gt; in such a way that it has almost misplaced man. &gt;&gt; But you see, GOD PUT MAN to control the earth. Not with your mind. Because a robot can do your job and maybe even better. Amen. YOU CAN GO YOU ARE Y'ALL understanding this? They have taken Amen. And they and and they have done such an incredible thing until uh uh uh they've got robots that can talk like a human, do the work of a human. Amen. That can do so many things. But they're lacking they're lacking wisdom. And this is where this is where college cannot help you. This is where Amen. school teachers cannot help you. Wisdom can only come through God and his counsel. &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. So, so wisdom is still calling out in the streets today. Wisdom is still saying, "Hey, hey, I'm here." Amen. She she is saying, "Listen to what I have to say and I will direct you. YOU'RE MISSING THE BIG PICTURE. I want you to understand what I'm saying." See, and so, so as we a as we look out there, Amen. The Bible says that wisdom can only come from God. The the the scripture even even said, "I have gained wisdom through thy commandments." Thy commandments have made me wiser than mine enemies. And so Solomon is describing, Amen. this actually describing WISDOM AS A WOMAN. AS A WOMAN CALLING OUT TO HER CHILDREN, HEY, HEY, you quit. Hey, come here. HEY, I I WANT TO teach you something. See? Amen. You But but yet you can't pick up the phone and call wisdom. You can't pick up the phone and Amen. a and talk to her. You see, wisdom is still calling. As as we uh, you know, as I go back over what we read at the beginning, Amen. And just and and I just picked out some of the stuff that she was that she was doing. You can hear it says, "Can you hear wisdom calling out? She stands in the top mountains at the junctions where the two ways meet, where decisions are made." Amen. Wisdom takes her stand at the entrance to the city, at the entrance of the doors. She cries out, "All you people, my voice is calling out unto mankind. You you you, oh you naive and inexperienced, get prudence, you who don't know, set your heart on me." Listen, I have trustworthy things to say. What I speak is right. ALL OF MY WORDS are true and just. None of them are wicked, crooked, or perverse. In other words, wisdom is there to direct us. Amen. It it's it's too direct. There in there in in Proverbs 8:15, it says, "By me kings reign, and princes decree justice. By me, princes rule, and nobles, and all the judges of the earth. I love them that love me. Those that seek me early shall find me. Riches and honor are with me. Yay, durable riches and and righteousness. My fruit is better than gold than fine gold. my revenue than choice silver. I lead in the way of righteousness in the midst of the paths of judgment THAT I MAY CAUSE THOSE THAT LOVE me to inherit substance and I will feel their treasures. The Lord possessed me in the beginning of his way before his works of old. I was set up from everlasting from the beginning orever the earth was. When there was no depths, I was brought forth. WHEN THERE WAS NO FOUNTAINS ABOUNDING WITH WATER, before the mountains were settled, before the hills was I brought forth, while as yet he had not made the earth, nor the fields, nor the highest part of the dust of the world. When he prepared the heavens, I was there. When he set a compass upon the face of the depth, when he established the clouds above, when he strengthened the fountains of the deep, when he gave to the sea his decree that the waters should not pass his commandment, when he appointed the foundations of the earth, then was I by him, as one brought up with him, I was his day, I was daily his delight, rejoicing always before him. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, this is what God is showing wisdom. When God God was taking counsel with wisdom, God was counseling. So, in our in our everyday walk, we're going we're we want to make sure that we're seeking God's wisdom. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Now, if God had to consult with wisdom, Amen. Then I think the rest of us should have to consult with wisdom. &gt;&gt; And it's not in our learning. It's not in our understanding. It's the ability to judge, to discern. Discern before we talk. Discern before we act. Discern before we we we make decisions. Amen. Because only then can we know, Amen, that it that we're going to come out all right at the end. So, so the the the first thing that God done, he consulted with wisdom. Now, I thought that was interesting how that God would bring this in and you would go through all there there's several chapters where he is doing it. But what what what the what the uh the wisest man is saying is there is a lot of emphasis that that that is on on on wisdom, &gt;&gt; right? He was trying to teach his young man. Think about these things. Think before you take a job. Think before you uh you you look at a girl. Think before you before you Brother Brandham would put it this way. He would say, "Run your thoughts, your mind through God's filter of his word." Right? &gt;&gt; Always run everything through the filter of God's word because then and only then can you know that you're right. So anything that we do, any decisions we make, any any our our entire life should be run through this filter of his word. &gt;&gt; It should be run through the filter. Well, praise the Lord. You see, if if if you if you run your mind Amen. If you run that mind through God's filter, it'll it'll it'll it'll tell you. Amen. There's a lot of clickbait there on that on that internet. It'll tell you, Amen. You shouldn't you you shouldn't look at a woman uh uh that is, you know, in any way than a sister. And you should never look at it. You look at pornography and those kinds of things because wisdom if you see the endroduct of it. Amen. You you will have a marriage that'll struggle. Amen. And and and you'll go through life struggling even in your own self in your own mind fighting condemnation uh when you come to prayer when you fighting condemnation when you um uh uh when you're raising your families. They don't it'll always be there. So, so as a young man, as a young woman, and and and you you want TO ASK GOD, GIVE ME give me that judgment. Knowledge is all before me and it's and it's everywhere, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And and and I can take knowledge and it's right there at my disposal. There's plenty of knowledge. &gt;&gt; Amen. Plenty. But but the the originator of knowledge is sin. EVEN THE GOOD KNOWLEDGE WILL LEAD YOU away from the things of God. AMEN. BECAUSE IN OTHER WORDS, BECAUSE OF THE MEDICAL SCIENCE AND BECAUSE OF OF OUR HOSPITALS and things, are we seeking God more today or are we seeking God less? &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Because we don't need God to heal us anymore like we used to have to depend on him. &gt;&gt; We just go to the doctor. We we don't need. SO NOW WE GOT COUNSELORS THAT WE WE JUST GOT WE GOT KNOWLEDGE EVERYWHERE. &gt;&gt; But with all of the knowledge, we've got a humanity that is sinking more in despair. But yet wisdom is still calling. &gt;&gt; Oh you simple. Oh you simple ones. Amen. Oh you that that think you know it all. You're lacking in wisdom. Hear my voice. &gt;&gt; Yes. Hear my voice and I I will lead you. I will teach you the ways of God. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? Wisdom. Wisdom. You mean you mean we can we can uh uh we can know for sure that God will give us a good marriage? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; Wisdom. If you seek the Lord, if you really seek after the Lord and and you ask the Lord, Amen. It'll it might save you a a lifetime of heartache. He seek his will. Amen. You don't want to be stuck with the wrong woman the rest of your life. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Because we sure don't believe in in divorces around here. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And uh well, &gt;&gt; Amen. Seek the Lord at the beginning. Seek the Lord at the beginning. you you know uh uh um before you take a job, wisdom will stand up as as you're you know as there's a lot of money coming in but you're going to have to miss the Wednesday night services. Wisdom will step up and say that's not according to the commandment. So wisdom will stand up and look at ALL THE ANGLES. HOW IS THIS GOING TO AFFECT ME? How is this going to affect my children? Amen. Well, how is this going to affect uh uh uh and I will say to you that's got the small the young families, those young ones, they grow up just like that. You'll blink and they will they will already be here. WHAT IF WHAT HAS WISDOM trained them? Because you're the only voice for wisdom. YOU'RE THE ONLY PERSONIFICATION. GOD IS CALLING OUT FOR WISDOM SO THAT she can live her life THROUGH YOU. GOD SOUGHT AFTER WISDOM AND THROUGH WISDOM he established the foundations of the earth. &gt;&gt; Wisdom. Am I making sense? &gt;&gt; Wisdom will tell you if you tell the lie. It it it'll it'll come back around somebody. Your sin, the Bible says, will always find you out. So wisdom takes you right back and says, "Yeah, but your sin will always come back to bite you. You'll never hide it. There is nothing hidden under the sun. So what you do in secret today, it might be 5 years down the road, it might be 10 years down the road, WISDOM SAYS IT'S GOING TO come back. &gt;&gt; Just tell the truth. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Now, so and that's as we a as as we place value on wisdom, I think I I think there is something that begins to really transform into a heart because wisdom is teaching us to seek after God's way. And as we're being taught God's way, amen, God will begin to give us sound uh a counsel &gt;&gt; and he'll give us a pastor that'll preach the word. Amen. And that pastor because he wants wisdom. Amen. God's going to God's going to send him not let him go to a seminary, but God's going to send him a prophet that he can he can line up every belief system that he has with the word of God. Every one of us, we're basing it upon the word. You're not basing it upon me. You're not basing it upon mom and dad. You're not basing on anybody else. Though they are your teachers, though I am your pastor, you're not basing it upon me. Wisdom is instructing us through his counsel. &gt;&gt; RIGHT? &gt;&gt; Y'ALL UNDERSTAND THAT HE'S instructing us. And because of that, Amen. Now, now I I I hope I hope you you're you're catching my thoughts here tonight. The brain is incredible and you can soak up a bunch. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Amen. But knowledge is taking us further away from the Lord in many cases. &gt;&gt; All right. If we heed counsel, we are we are put here to do to do for ministry. We are here for ministry. And we we are preparing to to be the tabernacle. And not just preparing to be the tabernacle, we are the tabernacle. If you've got the baptism of the Holy Ghost, you are the tabernacle of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. And and so I I love I love the way Solomon's dad I loved Solomon's dad. Who is Solomon's dad? Y'all y'all y'all remember who Solomon's dad was? &gt;&gt; Anybody know who Solomon's dad was? &gt;&gt; Man, you used to you used to have all the answers. Oh, you're giving these guys a chance. Amen. Hallelujah. Who was Solomon's dad? Hallelujah. Anyone know who Solomon's dad was? &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. All right, you're going to have to bail us out. &gt;&gt; David. &gt;&gt; King David. &gt;&gt; Was Solomon's dad. Amen. You better hope he's on y'all's team for the for for the Christmas uh quiz. So, so King Solomon had a dad and his dad was David. Now, David had taught Solomon, I want you to really be wise. Seek the Lord with all of your heart. Amen. All of your heart. Now, you're thinking, I knew that. Amen. So uh uh so David would would would teach him seek the Lord with with everything that was I I love I love Psalms 119 and 97. Oh how I love thy law. It is my meditation all the day. Thou thy commandments have made me wiser than mine enemies for they are ever with me. I have more understanding than all my teachers. For thy testimonies are my meditation. So here's David's given the secret to it. See, he placed value upon his word, upon that word. And so I would say we we want to place value upon godly learning. Place value. You're never too young to take an hour or so a day to turn the message on. Never too young. Listen to the message. Amen. And if you're not listening to the message, it shows it shows that you're not putting value on wisdom. &gt;&gt; We must put value upon what God values. God's picture was taken with our messenger. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; GOD CAME IN A CLOUD TO OPEN the seals to us. God's value, God's placed value on sending uh wisdom to us. Now it's up to us, every one of us. Now, now we can put so much emphasis on our phones and listening to everything on our phones and it's not. All you're doing is your mind is soaking up junk. God created your brain to be a sponge. God did. Your brain is not evil. IT'S WHAT WE PUT OUR FOCUS on that makes it evil. &gt;&gt; It's our fallen nature. SO WHEN WE COME to God, we ask God for his grace and we we're born again. Our desire is give me wisdom. And the only way we're going to gain WISDOM IN THIS GODFORSAKEN WORLD, LISTEN, wisdom isn't hiding. Wisdom is still SCREAMING IN THE STREETS, OH YOU SIMPLE. HEY YOU MEN. HEY BOYS, GIRLS, I'M CRYING IN THE STREETS. I'M CRYING IN THE BROADWAY. I'M CRYING AT AT AT THE INTERSECTION. I I'M I'M THERE. I'M SCREAMING OUT IN YOUR HOMES. I'M SCREAMING OUT EVERYWHERE. HEAR ME. HEAR ME. YES, SIR. &gt;&gt; But because our brains are so filled with everything else. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; So give me wisdom. I got to have wisdom, Lord. I want to I want to be everything you want me to be. How many wants to be everything he wants you? &gt;&gt; You know. Amen. 1 Corinthians 1:24, Christ is identified as the power and the wisdom of God. 1 Corinthians 1:30, Christ was made wisdom unto us in righteousness, sanctification, and redemption. Colossians 2 and 3, in whom are hid all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge. So when so Christ's desire, it's Christ's desire to give of himself &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; to us. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, uh, Job 28:12, "But where shall wisdom be found, and where is the place of understanding? Man knoweth not the price thereof, neither is it found in the land of the living." The depth says, "It's not in me." The sea says, "It's not in with me. It cannot be gotten for gold. Neither shall silver be weighed for the price of it. It cannot be valued with the gold of oper with the precious onyx or sapphire sapphire gold and the crystal cannot equal it. The exchange of it shall not be for jewels of fine gold. And what does Satan want us to do? He wants us to go after the money. Go after the money, man. Let's go after the money. But wisdom is saying, hey, it's not in the money. It's a relationship with the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. James 1 and5. And if any man lack wisdom, let him ask of God that gives to all men liberally. How can it be? I looked under the earth and I can't find it. I looked in the seas, I can't find it. I looked all over the earth, I can't find wisdom. WE YOU WHERE WHERE is it? And yet God is giving it out liberally &gt;&gt; for those who want it. &gt;&gt; You know what that tells us? There's not too many at once wise counsel. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; God, I'm asking that you help me. &gt;&gt; Give me grace. Slap me upside the head if I need it. &gt;&gt; But let wisdom Amen. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; All right. So in closing, so David, it's his whole desire, his whole desire was to serve God. He was a kid that didn't, he was just he was just the youngest kid and and and and HE WASN'T AS STRONG AS AS THE OTHERS. WASN'T AS SMART as the other brothers. He was out in the pasture while the other brothers were out at battle. He was out there taking care of sheep. But his desire in that time of his life was I want to know the Lord. &gt;&gt; And he sought after the Lord with all of his heart. He would write songs to God. He would ask God, "Help me." And he would he he was he was very and and and and he wrote these things down to where we could see a lot of his struggles on the inside. We could see a lot of the things that were going on. BUT HE WAS JUST RAW. HERE I AM. I need you. I'm needy. Oh God. I I I'M FORSAKEN WITHOUT YOU. ALL I WANT IS THEE. The world's against me. How many ever feels like the world's against you? How many of you young people ever feel that way? Come on, be honest. &gt;&gt; Amen. Well, I tell you what, I remember I remember when I was a teenager. Oh, Lord. Hallelujah. It was rough. And and and and well, come to think of it, life is pretty rough today, too. But it was it was but it it WAS IN THIS YOUNG STAGE OF OF OF DAVID'S LIFE. &gt;&gt; YEAH. THAT WHEN THE STRUGGLES WERE THERE AND THE TEMPTATIONS WERE there and the and that he that he would that he would call out to God was washing his heart. Lord, I want to know you. Lord, you are my shepherd. I shall not want you. Lead me and guide me. It was it was his heart's desire. And the Bible says he pleased the Lord. He's had a desire. Now it's it's now it's it's it's now it's Solomon's turn. And so now he's David's looking to Solomon. Now stick with me a little longer. Now David's looking to Solomon there in in in 1 Chronicles 22 and 12. And he says, "Only the Lord give thee wisdom." 22 and 12 and understanding and give thee charge concerning Israel, that thou mayest keep the law of the Lord thy God, then thou shalt prosper. If thou takest heed to fulfill the statutes and judgments which the Lord charged Moses with concerning Israel, be strong and of good courage. Dread not nor be dismayed. And another place David later on down. Amen. He he gives him he gives him another charge again. Serve God with a perfect heart there in first chronicles 28-9. And thou Solomon, my son, KNOW THOU THE GOD OF THY FATHER AND SERVE HIM WITH A PERFECT HEART. and with a willing mind. See now he's passing it on. He's passing this on. I've come. For the Lord searchth all the hearts and understandeth all the imaginations of the thoughts. And if you seek him, he will be found of you. But if you forsake him, he will cast you off forever. NOW SOLOMON WAS TAKING THESE WORDS. Now um there's there's a there's a variety of opinions. Uh some some of the scholars says that Solomon was 12 when he began to reign. Others say he was 19 when he began to reign. But Solomon's desire HE WAS A YOUNG man and he was going to be the king over Israel and he couldn't GO BY HIS DAD'S SHIRT TAIL. SO HE HAD TO SAY HE NOT NOT IN THE SMARTS HIS DESIRE. AMEN. AS HE AS HE COME IN, HE WAS YOUNG and inexperienced, but he wanted to be taught of the Lord. And his only request from God as a young man was give me wisdom. We can read that in his prayer &gt;&gt; there there in in first Kings 3 and 6. And Solomon said, "Thou hast shown unto thy servant David, my father, great mercy, according as he walked before thee in truth, and in righteousness and uprightness of of heart with thee, and thou kept for him this great kindness, that thou hast given him a son to sit on his throne as it is this day." Oh now and now, oh Lord my God, thou hast made thy servant king instead of David my father. I am but a little child. IN OTHER WORDS, I DON'T HAVE WISDOM. I DON'T HAVE EXPERIENCE. I KNOW NOT HOW TO GO OUT AND TO come in. Don't know how to conduct business as a king. and thy servant is in the midst of thy people, which thou has chosen, a great people, that cannot be numbered, nor counted for the multitude. GIVE THEREFORE THY SERVANT AN UNDERSTANDING HEART TO JUDGE THY PEOPLE, that I may discern between good and bad? For who is able to judge this thy great uh so great a people? And the speech pleased the Lord. And Solomon had asked that that Solomon had asked this thing. AND GOD SAID, BECAUSE THOU HAST ASKED THIS THING, and has not asked for thyself long life, neither has thou asked riches for thyself, nor hast asked life of thine enemies, but hast asked for thyself understanding to discern judgment. Behold, I have done according to thy words. Oh, glory to God. I have given thee a wise and an understanding heart, so that there was none like thee before, neither after thee shall any arise like unto thee. I have also given thee that which thou hast not asked, both riches and honor, so that there shall not be any among the kings like unto thee all thy days. And if thou will walk in my ways to keep my statutes and my commandments as thy father did walk, I will lengthen thy days. &gt;&gt; Ain't that wonderful? &gt;&gt; The wisdom of a father is passed down to the son. Now, and I love this because Solomon surrounded himself with the wise men of his father. David's counselors, &gt;&gt; yes, sir, &gt;&gt; became the counsel to Solomon. Nathan the prophet estab helped established him as a king. The high priest come in and they were both so important. Amen. as establishing the that boy as a king in Israel. And and the Bible says that Solomon surrounded himself &gt;&gt; with wise counsel. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Well, praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Surrounded himself with wise counsel. Then Solomon was the one who wrote this in in Proverbs, all these proverbs about wisdom. I mean, he took and he would say, "Oh, my son," if you go back and look look there at Proverbs the 4th chapter, "My son, take heed to my words. Take heed to my wisdom." He's he's going through, he writes entire chapters, entire chapters. And now it's his son, Riaboam's turn. Now, Riaboam, the son of the most the wisest king to ever live, Riaboam is now going to take going to take the throne. Does anyone have any idea what Riaboam done? Amen. Riaboam took this majestic I mean through the wisdom of Solomon he made Israel a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a shining h a a a country. Amen. There was no one no king like unto Solomon. But you know what the Bible says that Briaboam done? Now there was some of the men that came to came to Riaboam and said, "Hey, your father has has taxed us a lot in making all of this that the tabernacle and making the the palace and building these things." &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; It's made our yolks heavy and it and and and can you can you help us? And he says, "Give me three days." And you can read this there in the book of you can you can read this there in um hallelujah I don't guess I I don't guess I brought it um but he he there were um he says give me three days and the Bible says he goes up to the counsel of his father the old men that gave counsel to his father and he talked to them what should I do and the The old men said, "If you will be a servant to Israel and you will listen to them and deal kindly with them, they will be your servants forever." He says, "Okay." But the Bible says before he even left, he forsook their counsel &gt;&gt; and went to the council of his peers, the the boys that he was raised up in, the men that he was raised up in. Now, now I want you to catch this real quick. Hallelujah. Solomon was 12 years old when he began to reign, and he was wise. Riaboam was 40 years old and was a fool. &gt;&gt; He went and asked the the men of his uh uh of in his buddies that he grew up in and they says and and they told him, "Man, I wish I could remember which which chapter that is in. You could follow along." Amen. He says, "You tell those men, you tell Israel that that if you uh uh uh if if the finger if if the finger put a my father put oppression on you, Amen. then the then the width of my thigh will be the pressure now and you're I I if if he whipped you with with with cords, I'll whip you with scorpions." And he's and and he went back before him and and and so he started uh he man he started and he laid it out there and you know what happened? The 10 tribes pulled out of Israel that day and he was only left with Judah. his father, the wisest man, the man who God so used. AND HE SURROUNDED HIMSELF WITH THESE GREAT COUNSEL. AND THAT COUNSEL WAS HANDED to the new king, HIS SON RIABOAM. AND THEY GAVE HIM COUNSEL. &gt;&gt; YEAH. &gt;&gt; And he refused it. and he lost the kingdom that day. Jeroboam took took the other 10 tribes and there he was with Judah. Now, and you could go on and he did not please the Lord. He did not seek after God. He did not Amen. and and and and then the Israel everything his father built. Listen guys, Solomon had Solomon had shields of gold. His soldiers had everything of gold. But it wasn't but just a few years and Egypt came in and cleaned them all out. and he had to go back and make uh uh uh shields and and armor of uh of brass and and he lo he lost everything his father had built up. I I just want I want us to really truly understand wisdom is not does not just go to an elder man. Wisdom does not go to a child. Wisdom is going to those who has a heart to be wise. Are y'all understanding what I'm saying? So, so my my my my thoughts here tonight is this. In all of my learning, I want a heart that is willing to be teachable. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Teach me thy ways. &gt;&gt; Is that right? &gt;&gt; So, we could go through the scriptures. We could go all the way all down through time. Uh uh you you you could you can take instances all through there. Moses the the great the great the great prophet shepherd shepherd prophet God used him. There was no man like like like like uh uh uh Moses that God talked lip to ear to. And yet his father-in-law was telling him said, "Listen, you you you got this big heavy burden and and you're judging all of these millions." He said, "Why don't you take?" And Moses hearkened to the counsel of his father-in-law. &gt;&gt; Okay? &gt;&gt; He was able to sense. Okay? And the Lord honored him. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You see, you see what I'm saying? So, so don't let it be. Don't don't let it be that we Amen. Uh uh don't train your heart at this young age. Lord, I I want I I want to be everything you want me to be. &gt;&gt; I want to be every I'm just a kid. And maybe you're you're saying, "Well, I'm just an elder. I'm just whatever." Amen. It should be our heart. And if you want wisdom, then you're going to seek after wisdom. Wisdom comes from his word. Wisdom comes through the message of the hour. Wisdom does not come through Amazon. Wisdom does not come through internet and YouTube. Wisdom does not come through those places. Wisdom comes from his word. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; You say, "Well, boy, I would never check my peers." What is your what what is your peers? Your your your peers could be the guy you you you four guys looking among each other and say, "Hey, you know, I mean, y'all could say, hm, well, I don't know. Uh, you know, dad dad says this, and the rest of you say, well, you're dead. I mean, come on." and and so, you know, you just blow off dad and and uh and that that's that's listening to your peers. But it goes beyond that. You've got something that I didn't have when I was a kid, and that's that stupid phone. And those those stupid games, those are peers. Those are things that have been brought up in your day. This is something that is there to counsel you. This is something that is there to keep you occupied. This is something that is there that I had to seek after the God of my father and that was my desire. Dad kept our our we we we didn't have a TV in our house. We didn't have those things. So So my focus I didn't I didn't have anything to take my attention. Hallelujah. And and I think I think I think it's a good thing that kids don't have phones until until they're ready to be adults. Let let them let them let them be there to where they understand what what what their WALK IS WITH GOD AND HOW THAT WALK SHOULD be there with God and and and have those things. It it's it's these things HERE THAT DIVIDES OUR ATTENTION FROM THE PURPOSE THAT GOD'S given us. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So wisdom is still calling in the streets. Wisdom tonight is saying God still raises the dead. God still performs miracles. God still does all of that. Wisdom is saying who wants it. Wisdom is saying is it more than money? Is it more than gold? Is it more than internet time? Is it more than friends? Is it more than what do we want? Praise the Lord. Amen. The musicians would come, shine your light on me. Let the light from the lighthouse shine upon me. God's great, great light. It's that discerning light. It's that light. Do I need wisdom as pastor? Oh, I need more wisdom. Oh. Oh, I'm a foolish man. compared to what I need to be. I'm seeking for it. I don't know. It's the value a braille braille does wouldn't mean nothing to me and you. But to that blind person, braille means everything to them. That's how they read through through braille. So whether or not I would want it, I mean, yeah, cool. It'd be nice. It'd be nice to have Braille. I mean, be cool. But if you're blind, it ain't just nice and cool. It would be everything to you, &gt;&gt; right? I've told that story many of times about about that about that guy that uh uh mutton tape guy, you know, he was pretty good, but he was he he was a little squirly. He was really wiry and squirly. And uh so he came up to me one time and says, "Man, you should see my bazooka." And I said, "Bazooka? A bazooka is the last thing that you need. You don't need a bazooka. I I I know I let I said I don't even want to see it. He goes, "Oh, come on. Come here and look at my So, I go out there. I go out there to his car that was all falling apart. He couldn't even He couldn't even get in from the driver's side. He had to go around the other side. He couldn't even open it from the back. He had to climb over. But he had found this bazooka." and he gets this bazooka out and he hands it to me and it's just this piece of metal about that big and it's got knobs and things on it and I'm looking at that and I said, "That's not a bazooka." He goes, "Yes, it is." And he's grinning from ear to ear. He said, "How much you think that's worth?" It's heavy. I was looking at it. I didn't know what it was. I said, ' Man, I wouldn't give $5 if I seen that at a pawn shop. He You're kidding. This is worth $2500. And I gave 50. And I'm looking at his car thinking that $50. But see, he was a mud and taper. And you put mud in it, and then you have your tape on it. If he could just zip it around. He says, "I can make I can make thousands of dollars with this little thing here." No value to me. I would have passed it up, but it was valuable to him because he knew what it was worth. He knew that he could put it to work. And the world sees no value in wisdom. They just don't have value. But God's bride and he's got value. You know why? Riaboam is going to be the king was going to be the king and he he was a bad king. Riaboam was just a fool. He was foolish. Foolish. Squandered the kingdom. Squandered it. But did you know what the Bible says? But you and I are going to sit in the throne with Christ. We're going to rule and reign. Give make me wise, Lord. Give me counsel. Is that right? Shine on me, Jesus. Shine on me. Shine. &gt;&gt; Oh, let the light wise counsel. &gt;&gt; Give me a Give me good heart. Give me a teachable spirit. Let it shine. Let it shine on me. Shine. Let the light &gt;&gt; from the lighthouse. &gt;&gt; Shine on me. Jesus. Shine. &gt;&gt; Shine on me. Let the light from the lighthouse shine on me. &gt;&gt; Won't you shine? Here I am. &gt;&gt; Here I am, Lord. from the lighthouse. Shine. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. So that tells me that you don't have to be an old man. You don't have to be a preacher. All you have to be is see value in it. Man, if there's ever been a day that wisdom is crying, it is this day, Elelliana. It's this day. God's taken the veil off of the book and everything and he is screaming with wisdom is screaming with everything she's got because there's going to be an elect. We're going to see it. God wants us to see it. He's not trying to hide it from us. This is the day where the whole thing is unveiled. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Aren't you Aren't you glad for that? Well, y'all's a quiet crew. Boy, y'all's hard to preach to tonight. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh my wisdom. I'm so thankful for him. So thankful for God's grace. Even in my foolishness. Even in my Even in my foolishness, I'm so glad God just kept wisdom knocking at my door. Knocking at Cuz I'm going to tell you when I was when I was 19 and working for the Lord, I was I had a lot of big dreams and I was I didn't always take good to counsel. But I'm sure glad the Lord has a way of taking to hard-headed guys like me. in me. Never give it up on me. Is that right? Never. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. I I I I I'm just I'm just so thankful for it. God rich virtually bless y'all tonight and keep on pressing the battle and and you know it it's not going to be too very long. and and um it won't be too many more uh sets of the sun. Amen. And u some of you is going to start seeing some gray hair coming in. Some of you might start seeing that. You know, it's got to come. But I'm so glad that there is a if the Lord should terry, let's just say, okay, let's just say he tries another 10 years. Now, for us old folks, 10 years, I mean, that's that puts you at 48 10 years, you get you get you get 55. I mean, what's 55 or 65, right? But for a 12 year old, that's 22. 15 year old that's 25 there's a lot happens there's a lot happens in that amount of time lots happens at that amount of time right how old will you be in 10 years 26 I know what you're going to be in 10 years 28 Hey y'all y'all understanding my my thoughts here. So Lord, let it count. &gt;&gt; Let it count. Let let this count right now. I want I want I want to be everything you want me to be. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; God bless y'all. You will be 21. Amen. He we got to sing this guy happy birthday in a minute. He's 11 years old today. Amen. Very happy birthday to Kylin. And we love we love Kylin a bunch. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Shine on me. Won't you shine, Jesus? Shine. Let the light from the lighthouse. Shine. Sing it as a prayer. Jesus, shine. &gt;&gt; Won't you shine? Let the light from the lighthouse shine on me. &gt;&gt; Shine on me. Shine from the light shine. &gt;&gt; Let's sing that song again. Um, teach me your ways. What kid you do that in? Teach me your ways. that I might walk with you. Show me your ways. I put my hope in you. &gt;&gt; Love you more. live with the touch of your hand. God bless you. We love you. Amen. You're dismissed in the fear of the Lord. We'll let you dismiss yourselves tonight. Appreciate every one of you. Praying for you. Job, let's not dismiss yet. We still got a birthday song to sing. Amen. That I may walk &gt;&gt; with you. Show me your way. I put my hope in you to love you more. To live with the touch of your hand. Stronger each day. Show me the way. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday, Mr. Pine. Happy birthday to you. May Jesus bless you. May Jesus bless you. May Jesus bless brother Kylin the whole year through. God bless you buddy. Amen. We sure love brother Kylin and u the fine fine fell right there. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless y'all. Amen. Uh I don't guess there's anything going on this weekend. Is there uh I know we've we've got uh when are y'all going to the nursing home? &gt;&gt; Uh next Monday. &gt;&gt; Next Monday. Okay. So, we've got we've got uh nursing home and then we've got u u other activities too. Amen. It's coming up. Huh. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. So, um Naomi is it looks like she's uh going into labor. So, let's pray for Naomi. And we are so excited for for them. And uh that'll be the second grandbaby for for Mitch and Tabitha. And uh so uh we're we're sure looking forward to that. I I just love Naomi and Aaron. Amen. So God bless y'all. We'll keep them in our prayers and uh continue to keep Sister uh Tina in our prayers. And boy, she went she went through a long delivery and labor. So, God bless y'all. What are we going to sing, Brother Kobe, as we dismiss? Keep your mind. &gt;&gt; Stay on me. &gt;&gt; Stay faithfully. And I will give you perfect peace, sweet release if you just keep my state on me. will keep your
