################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-20 - 2025-07-20 Bro Josh Martin Subjects Of The Kingdom - Josh Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-20
Title:   2025-07-20 Bro Josh Martin "Subjects Of The Kingdom"
Speaker: Josh Martin
Church:  New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L3VAYh3jKmM
========================================

[Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Amen. Would you stand together with me and sing this chorus? heartache and broken pieces. Ruin lives ruined life [Music] are why he died on Calary. Your touch is what I long for. You have given life to me. One more time. Oh, all dates and broken pieces. Broken peace. Oh, ruined lives and ruined lives are why he died on Calary. Your touch is what I long for. And you have given the life to me. [Music] Oh, can you testify that you he's given life to you? He come that says because I live, you can live also. Amen. We were born in sin shaping iniquity. Come the world speaking lives lives ruined. Amen. But we were trapped in it. Amen. We didn't have a choice. Amen. But Jesus come that we might be given a choice. Free will, free moral agency. And he came in the flesh 2,000 years ago that they might touch him. A woman with a blood issue of 12 years said, "If I can just touch the hem of his garment, I'll be made whole. didn't even have a scripture to go on. She made up her own scripture. &gt;&gt; She made up her own word, but it was based upon faith because after he touched she touched the hymn of Jesus garment, she felt she was healed and she tried to hide herself. But Jesus said, "Somebody's touched me. Somebody's touched me." And there was a whole crowd around him. And Peter was right there and said, "Lord, everybody's touching you." What would you say such a thing as that, Sister Tracy? Everybody's touching you. But it was a different touch. It was a touch of faith and a belief that this was the son of God to come in the flesh. Amen. That it was a healer. Amen. With his that could be that was his savior. Amen. And it made all the difference in her life. Amen. That she'd put up with for 12 years. The doctors couldn't do it. Doctors couldn't touch that, but Jesus did. And if you have a need this morning, you need you want to be touched, you can be touched. It's up to you. Amen. Your choice this morning. How many's thankful you've already made that choice? Can you give him a praise? Just put your hands together. Oh, thank you, Jesus. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. If he can be touched then, he can be be touched today. Amen. I believe it because I've been touched. Amen. So, God bless you this morning. So good to be here. And uh we've got a lot missing. Amen. That we can't shake their hands and touch them this morning. Most of them are in Arkansas at a meeting. I think my wife said over 30 of our church is in that meeting, including our pastor. So, we've got brother Josh uh Martin here this morning going to minister for us. And so, let's pray for him and all those that are in Arkansas at the meeting. Brother Ben Purit Puitz. And but I just look up and uh I see some visitors. Amen. So, Brother Jimmy, who do we got? Cousin Jimmy. Who do we got with us this morning? &gt;&gt; Teresa Wilks. [Music] &gt;&gt; All right. Are they kin to you or just friends? &gt;&gt; Huh? &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, if you're kin to him, you're kin to me cuz I'm an Applegate. Okay. if they didn't tell you, if they didn't warn you. Well, praise the Lord. Just uh good to have y'all this morning. Amen. Thank you for coming. Amen. And oh, we have over here some visitors. Amen. Can you want to introduce yourself or brother Joe? You can do it. &gt;&gt; Huh? &gt;&gt; Your friend Brian &gt;&gt; and who? &gt;&gt; Hannah and Brian. Nice to have y'all with us this morning. Where you from? Panka City. We know where that's at. So, amen. God bless you this morning. I guess that's all the visitors. So, amen. Good to see you, brother Donald and sister uh Angie Bendab about with us this morning. Amen. Sister Angie McDougall. That's your last name, right? Amen. So, Amen. I don't see anybody else this morning. So, we got Brianna up there running the running the board and brother uh Luke. Amen. So, amen. So, let's pray for them. Got Sister Tabitha on the piano. Amen. Brother Robert on the bass. Amen. So, thank you for all your help this morning. Amen. Where what are we going to do? Amen. Well, I my wife told me that uh July 20th, 1969 is when Neil Armstrong walked on the moon. That's uh how many years ago today? uh 56 years ago today. And I know it happened because I watched it on black and white TV right there in the living room, not color. But uh my dad said, "Sit down here between he's on the in the recliner." I was he said, "Sit down right here between my legs." And so I sit on the floor and I watched Neil Armstrong walk on the moon. So he said, "You'll remember this when you get old." I'm not old yet, but I remember. Amen. Well, that was quite a flight. But I tell you what, there's another flight that the Church of Jesus Christ is going to take one day. It It'll be far beyond the moon. Amen. Landing in that flight because when the roll is called up yonder, Amen. I'll be there. Let's sing that old song and we'll try it in the F. Sister Tabitha. Amen. When the trumpet of the Lord shall sound and time shall be no more. When the moon breaks eternal bright and fair. When the saved of earth shall gather over on the other shore. And the roll is called up yonder. I'll be there. Oh, when the roll chorus is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. Oh, turn around and tell somebody. Bright and cloudless morning. When the dead in Christ shall rise and the glory of his resurrection share. When his chosen ones shall gather to their home beyond the skies, and the roll is called up yonder, I'll be there. Oh, when the road is called up yonder. When the road is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. [Music] When the roll is called up yonder, I'll be there. Then let us labor for the master from the dawn till setting sun. Let us talk of all his wondrous love and care. Then when all of life is over and our work on earth is done and the roll is called up yonder, I'll be there. Oh, when the road [Applause] is called up yonder. When the road is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. Oh, on that bright and cloudless morning. On that bright and cloudless morning when the dead in Christ shall rise and the glory of his resurrection share. When the chosen ones shall gather to their home beyond the skies and the roll is called up yonder, I'll be there. Oh, put your hands together. When the road is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. One more time. Oh. When the road is called up yonder. When the road is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. I'll be there. He's everything. He's everything to me. He's everything. He's everything to me. He's my father, my mother, my sister, and my brother. He's everything to me. Sing that again. Well, he's everything. He's everything to me. He's everything. He's everything to me. He's my father, my mother, my sister, and my brother. He's everything to me. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood for me. One day when I was lost, he died upon the cross. I know it was the blood for me. He's coming back again. He's coming back again. He's coming back again for me. One day when I was lost, he died upon the cross. He's coming again for me. First verse. Oh, there's good. There's power in the blood. There's power in the blood. There's power in the blood for me. One day when I was lost, he died upon the cross. There's power in the blood for me. Amen. Did it make a difference? Amen. But God bless you this morning. Let's sing this as they come for the offering. Amen. Jesus set me free. I'm so glad Jesus set me free. Well, I'm so glad. Oh, Jesus. It took his blood. Well, I'm so glad Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Now I'm on my way to heaven shouting victory. I'm on my way to heaven shouting victory. I'm on my way to heaven shouting victory. Singing glory hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Would you bow your heads with me as we ask the blessing on the offering Lord just come before you once more Lord Lord we just thank you for allowing us to gather here today Lord Lord we lift before you these tithes and offerings Lord pray that you would just bless those are able to give and those that aren't Lord Lord may it be used for the further of your kingdom pray that you would just be in the remainder of the service Lord be in our worship Lord be in the be with minister as he comes forth, Lord. And just may all that's said and done be pleasing to you. Let's commit our lives into your hands. The Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. What a fellowship, what a joy, divine leaning on the everlasting arms. What a blessedness. What a piece is mind leing on the everlasting arms are you lean leaning oh leaning safe and secure from all alarms leaning oh leaning leaning hang on the everlasting arms. Oh, how sweet to walk in this pilgrim waying on the everlast. Oh, you ought to try it. And oh, how bright the path rose from day to day. Leaning on the everlasting arms. I'm leaning, leaning, safe and secure from all alarms. Leaning. I'm leaning. Leaning on the everlasting arms. Well, what have I to dread? What have I to fear leaning on the everlasting arms? And I have this blessed peace with my Lord so near leaning on the everlasting arms. Oh leaning, leaning, safe and secure from all alarm. Oh, leaning. Oh, leaning, leaning. Oh, one more time. Lasting God. Oh, I'm leaning on Jesus. Leaning on Jesus. Safe and secure from all alarm. Holy, leaning, leaning on the everlasting arms. [Music] Amen. Somebody give him a hand clap of praise. He gave us his arms. Amen. Shoulder. Amen. Gave his all to us. Amen. We can lean on him. You may be seated this morning. Amen. Like to ask sister. [Music] I'm [Music] bright [Music] for the peace that's come my way [Music] hope that came to save I'm thankful for your love. So undeerved. I'm unerved. I'm unerved of your love. For you have gi me the joy I really need. I'm undeserving of your love. [Music] And when my time is over on earth here below and my spirit flies to the manion up above. I want to see my Jesus. I want him to know. I'm thankful for his love. So undeserveying. So undeserveying. I'm undeserved of your love for you have gi me the joy I really need. I'm undeserved. [Music] Your love so undeserved. So undeserveying. I'm undeserving of your love. For you have given me the joy I really need. I'm unerveing of your love. I'm unerving your love. &gt;&gt; Amen. Give the Lord a praise this morning. [Applause] King. Glory to Jes. He's us. And love is love. Until love is love. Oh, will give the glory to Jesus and tell of his wonderful love. Oh, will give the glory to Jesus. [Music] And tell love of his love. And tell of his love. Oh, will give the glory to Jesus and tell of Oh, if you'd like to tell him this morning as sister to Loretta comes. Oh, will give the glory to Jesus and tell of his love. Oh, you'll want to tell it if you ever experience it. Oh, we'll give the glory to Jesus. and of his marvelous grace. [Applause] [Music] Amen. You may be seated. God bless sister Loretta this morning. [Music] [Music] There is one thing I seek [Music] in you. I'm yours for you to keep. You prepare a table for me. You're my portion and my cup. You are the source of strength. Lord, you have filled me up. You are my shepher in the wilderness. Whom shall I fear? You are the God who goes before me, my rock and my shield. In troubled times you will provide and I shall not want. You are You are my God. Though I walk through the valley of death, I will magnify and glorify you with every breath. When the wicked stand against me, I will follow as you lead. You are the truth, the way, the lamp into my feet. You are my shepherd in the wilderness. Whom shall I fear? You are the God who goes before me, my rock and my shield. In troubled times you will provide and I shall not want. You are You are my God. [Music] So I'll be of good courage for you have overcome. You will not forsake me. So I'll wait upon you, Lord. So I'll be of good courage. For you have overcome. You will not forsake me. So I'll wait upon you, Lord. You are my shepherd in the wilderness. Whom shall I fear? You are the God who goes before me, my rock and my shield. In troubled times, you will provide and I shall not want. You are You are my God. You are You are my God. Amen. [Applause] Would you stand with me? Get ready to ask the man of God to come. Amen. Just reminded me of David saying in Psalms, in the time of trouble, hide me in your pavilion. Amen. And here to tell you things are not going to get better. As it In the last days, perilous time should come. Be wars and rumors of wars, famines, pestilences, earthquakes, and diverse places, seas roaring. Amen. Till the end come. Amen. I'm looking for a way out. Amen. Amen. And I believe that Jesus Christ is the way. He is the truth and the life. Amen. And all that believe in him shall never perish but have everlasting life. And I've come this morning to hear his word. For his word shall never pass away until all things be fulfilled. Amen. So, amen. I believe we're fulfilling his word today. And he is through us and in us. Amen. And with us and never leave us. As the man of God comes. Amen. And let's sing this little chorus in F. Sister Titha. Amen. Reach out and touch the Lord. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. You will find he's not too busy to hear your heart's cry. He is pad. Sing by this moment your needs to supply. Oh, reach out and touch the Lord. Oh, when governments fail and kingdoms fail, he'll never fail. So reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. You will find he's not too busy to hear your heart's cry. He is fast. ing by this moment your needs to supply. Just reach out and touch the Lord. Oh, cry out like blind Barnameus if you have to. Oh, reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. You will find he's not too busy to hear your heart's cry. He is packed. Sing by this moment your needs to supply. Oh, reach out. Oh, you might have to climb a sycamore tree like little Zakius. Oh, but he did it. How about us? Reach out and touch the Lord as [Music] passing by this moment. your needs. He'll supply. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. Can we sing it one more time? Reach out and touch the Lord as he you will find. He's not too busy. Hear your heart's cry. He is passing by this moment. Your needs heal. supply. Shout and touch the Lord as he goes by. [Music] Amen. Do you believe you can touch him this morning? How do you touch him? By your faith. Brother Brand, I'm going to talk about blind Barameus. how that when Jesus was walking by and he would cry out you know uh Jesus son of David have mercy upon me and Jesus stopped and brother Brandham says he didn't hear the voice of la of blamardameus but his faith stopped him and so I believe we can reach out with our faith here this evening and touch the hymn of his garment and the healing virtues of God or the joy the peace deliverance the renewing whatever you have need of you can touch him this morning the Bible says that he can be felt by the touching of our infirmities. He can feel our pain. He can feel our sorrow. And and that's comforting as a as a Christian to know that he he he was tempted like we were tempted yet without sin. So, he knows what it's like to have struggles and sorrows and pains and and have a headache. And he would cry at the tomb of Lazarus because he lost a good friend, but yet he would say, "Lazarus, come forth." He He would bring us humanity under subjection to let you know even when you're sorrowful, there can be an anchor on the inside that can bring you back together and and keep pressing on. Amen. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord this morning? I know we have a lot missing this morning. Uh I think there's 30 or 40 there in uh there in Arkansas. We we got back last night from the meetings there. been wonderful, a wonderful time there. Our pastor preached on Friday night and done a tremendous job. I I was blessed tremendously by it. So, if you y'all would have the time and and we want to listen to it, I know y'all would be blessed as well. And it is good to have all of our visitors here this morning. My goodness, y'all y'all y'all are, you know, making up for all the ones that are gone. So, we just we pray that y'all just feel welcome here among us and and have a a good time here. Pray the Lord can minister to your hearts. Amen. But if you would have your scriptures, let's open our Bibles to 1 Corinthians 9 and 24. Amen. I believe that whatever our need is, God can meet the need. I I was reading a quote last night that I had never seen before, I guess. But brother Brandon would say, "If the church could only know, this is not just the Brandom Tabernacle, but it's the church of the living God." And I thought that is profound. This ain't just new life outreach, but this is the church of the living God. And I believe we have untapped resources at our disposal. But 1 Corinthians 9 and 24. Know ye not that they which run in a race run all, but one receiveth a prize. So run that ye may obtain. And every man that striveth for the master master mastery is temperate in all things. Now they do it to obtain a corruptible crown, but we and uncorruptible. So I therefore so run not as uncertainly. So fight I not as one that beatth the air, but I keep my body and bring it under subjection, lest that by any means when I have preached to others, I myself should be a cast away. Amen. Can we bow our heads this morning? Dear gracious heavenly father, Lord, we're thankful for your your presence that we feel this morning. Lord, we ask that you would just feel welcome here among us and everything that is said and done, Lord. God, we're a needy people and no doubt there's needs here in the in the local body, Lord, here in the church this morning. But God, you're still the the high priest that can be touched, Lord. And I ask, Father, that you would just move among us tonight. Walk the aisles, Lord. Speak to the hearts and to the needs. Lord, we commit the service into your hands in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; You may be seated this morning. I had another thought. I was going to preach um but this here came upon my heart on the way home yesterday. And so I hope I hope it can be a blessing to you. But my thought would be subjects of the kingdom of God. And brother Brandham would say all Jesus works were was complete. Everything was complete. Total delivered. He totally delivered the leper from the leprosy. Totally delivered the woman with the issue from the blood issue from her issue. He totally delivered the world from sin. When he died on the at the day of the atonement, he totally delivered every sin. He delivered the church. So there's no need for us to live under privileged people. There's no need for us to live in a defeated state because he defeated the devil, took all the principalities and powers and subdued them under his feet. They have no legal rights over you. We are Christians filled with the Holy Ghost. We don't have to be have the devil dictate us. Christ delivered us total deliverance. Delivered us from evil. Delivered us from sin. Delivered us from habits. Delivered us from talking. Delivered us from black art. delivered us from all kinds of smutty things. He totally delivered us and put us into his holy hands. A complete total deliverance. I know that's a a lengthy quote there, but I think that that that is incredible how brother Brandham was putting it. That all his works, Jesus works complete, a total deliverance. And I believe that these things are are more than just uh quotes and more than just uh uh uh just phrases and words, but it's a reality to us. Not just something that we can rejoice around and thank God for a total deliverance. But I believe there's a reality to it. And once that reality anchors in the heart of the believer, brother Brandham tells us there's no need for us to live in a defeated state. There's no need for us to to have the devil dictate us. And I believe that that is a reality that we can live in where our emotions don't have to dictate us or our feelings don't have to dictate us. What we see, what we hear, what we feel, what what we taste. Uh all of these things does not have to dictate us. But there's a total deliverance that we can live in. But it comes by realizing what God has done for us in this generation. And and you remember the story brother Brown would tell of the lady that was living in poverty. A and the and the story would go that this lady would sell all of her furniture for some food. Now she's run out of that food. And there was some the neighbors I believe would would call a charity organization and would say, "Hey, there's a lady, my neighbor, she's old. She needs some help." And so they would sense the investigators over to see if she really needed some help. and they would come into her house and would say, "Uh uh uh do you not have any children?" She would say, "Well, I've got one, you know, but but he's over in India. He's a businessman, and I don't want to bother him with my with my needs and things." And and they would ask her, "Well, how how old are you?" And I believe she was 80 years old, I believe. and and and they would ask her, "Well, I'm sure this son wouldn't mind helping you if he knew that you was in this condition with no food, with no no money. I know he would help you." And she would say, "Well, he is a good boy. He thinks of me. He sends me letters once or twice a month and and they're pretty pictures and and he's so thoughtful to send me these things." And and they would ask her, "Well, let me look up these pictures. What is he sending you?" and and she would say, "Well, they're right over here in my Bible." She would open up her Bible and would take out these pictures and would say, "See these beautiful pictures and they would look at her and say,"Those ain't pictures, ma'am. Those are money orders. You have thousands of dollars that he's been sending you, but yet she was living in poverty." And I think, "Oh my, sometimes we get that way." God has given us the blessings. God has given us the Holy Ghost. He's given us his word in the hour that has given us an authority where the devil don't have to dictate us, where our emotions don't have to dictate us, but we live in spiritual poverty because we fail to realize that God has given us more than quotes, but he's given us an authority in the word of the Lord that has given us a power. And I believe that brother Brandham, he would say this here, and we are men and women. We are also Christians. If he is our example, let us completely deliver ourselves into the hands of the Holy Ghost that we might be subjects of the kingdom of God. And that's where I would get my thought out of it. We have to deliver ourselves into the hands of the Holy Ghost that we might be subjects of the kingdom of God. And I and I love how brother Brandon would put it. We are men and women, but we are also Christians. A and that really shocked me because we we all have mistakes. We all have failures. We all have quirks and we all have flaws. But don't forget, you're also a Christian. You see, too many times we use those things as an excuse. And I know I've been guilty of it. You know, you lose a temper. Well, I'm just human. You know, well, you get you get bitter at somebody and you won't talk to them. Well, I'm just human. You see, Brother Brandham says we're men and women, but we're also Christians. You see, and I believe once you get the Holy Ghost, you you do away with all of your rights. And brother Brandon would tell us that you lose all of your rights. I believe he would say at Calvary, right? So, we have no more excuse once we get the Holy Ghost. But there's something that we have to do. Brother Brandham says we have to completely deliver ourselves. You may say, "How did you deliver yourself? There's no way you can set I can set myself free from smoking, set myself free from drugs and from alcohol. But the way you deliver yourself is giving yourself to the Holy Ghost. And as you deliver yourself to the Holy Ghost, that brings a total deliverance from your flesh. You see, because there's a war inside of you. And the Bible would say in 1 Peter 2:11, "Dearly beloved, I beseech you as strangers and pilgrims, abstain from fleshly lusts which war against your soul." And so your flesh is waring against your soul. Your your mind is waring against your soul. Your emotions is waring against your soul. But you have to deliver all of those emotions, all of your thinking, all of your ideas, all of your uh your your your motives and objective. As you deliver that to the Holy Ghost, then there brings then there comes a liberty from the flesh that is trying to to to war against you. And the Bible would tell us in Romans 7 and 21, I find then a law that when I do good, evil is present with me. So the apostle Paul is saying I want to do good and when I do good evil is always with me. What is the evil he's talking about? He would continue on the sec the 22nd verse Romans 7 and 22. For I delight in the law of God after the inward man. And so there's the battle. The inward man is is striving for the kingdom of God, striving for the things of God. But there's evil that is present, which is the flesh. And he says, "But I see another law in my members, waring against the law of my mind, and bringing me into captivity to the law of sin, which is my members." But I I don't believe we have to fall captivity to the members of your flesh, to your mind, to your emotions, your reasoning. But there is a fight on the inside that you can prevail. And how do you prevail in this fight? Brother Brandon would tell us to the black dog and the white dog, right? He would say there was a chief and he would say that a man would ask the chief, "How are you doing today? You just you just been baptized. I believe you you're you're a new Christian now. How are you doing?" He would say, "Sometimes good, sometimes bad." And he would they they would ask him, "Well, what do you mean?" He says, "There's a war on the inside. There's a black dog and a white dog, and they're battling. They're going back and forth and he says, "Well, which one is winning?" He says, "The one I feed the most." You see, and so the one you feed the most, you're either going to feed the flesh or you're going to feed the soul. And how do you feed the flesh? By the pleasures of the world. But by by gossip and by and by bitterness and by this and by that. But how do you feed the soul? By feeding on the word of the Lord. By coming into a prayer closet. But by delivering yourself from your flesh to the hands of the Holy Ghost, then there's a battle that is beginning to be won inside of you. You see, I don't believe that we have to be bound every day of our life, but there's a total deliverance that can take place on the inside of our life. Oh my. That when I do good, evil is present, but I'm not being controlled by the evil. It is always with me. Your flesh is never going to be saved. Your soul is safe, but you're still going to have temptations. You're still going to have mistakes, but your flesh is not controlling you, but your soul is bringing your flesh into subjection. And that's what the Apostle Paul is saying. I bring my body and keep it and bring it into subjection. That when I preach to others, I myself should be a castaway. He's letting you know that you have to bring it into subjection. You've got to feed the right thing. And you will look at Jesus and even Jesus had to deliver himself. You look there there in Luke 24 and 7, the Bible would say that he would deliver himself into the hands of sinful men and be crucified and the third day rise again. So in order for there to be a victory, there had to be him delivering himself. Oh, come on. When you want victory over things, you have to deliver yourself. In order to deliver yourself, you have to give up. The word deliver means to give up to give over. And the Bible would tell us that Jesus, he was led a sh sheep to the slaughter, a lamb dumb before its sheer. So he opened not his mouth. He could have, and brother Brano would tell us that when he was upon the cross, all he had to do was move his hands a little bit. And there was legions of angels that would come and pluck him off of that cross. But you would see that he would deliver himself. And by him delivering himself would bring a total deliverance. Oh, and I believe as we deliver oursel, it brings a total deliverance in every one of our life. And you would say that, well, he was all God. He did not have to surrender his flesh. But why was he in the garden of Gethsemane agonizing? The Bible says he would come three times, right? He would say, "If it's possible, let this cup pass from me." He would get up and come back again. If it's possible, let this cup pass from me. But the third time, he would agonize until his sweat become drops of blood. Then he would deliver himself and would say, "But not my will, but thy will be done." Sometimes it takes some agonizing. It takes some some some some praying and pressing and saying, "Lord, if it's possible, let it pass from me, but nevertheless, not my will, but I'm delivering myself to the hands of the Holy Ghost that there can be a total deliverance in my life." Oh, I want to be subject to the kingdom of God. Oh my. The Bible would tell us that Jesus was tempted in every like manner like we are, yet without sin. Brother Brandon would tell us he had mind battles. He had he had headaches. He had he was tempted with women. He he he wanted to have a family. But yet he would deliver himself to the purpose of almighty God. And I say, let us completely deliver oursel into all the hands of almighty God so that we can fulfill the purpose that God has for us. And and and and brother Brandon would preach a message called uh the teaching of on Moses. And he and and it's a children's message, but but but he would he would read the scripture about if you if you keep your soul, you're going to lose it. But if you lose your soul for my sake, you're going to find it. And he would tell us, you have to give it up in order to receive it again. He he would talk about Jockabed and Amran and how that that the the the devil was was bringing a persecution and how that the the enemy would come and knock on their door. And and I think it's incredible because the brother Brandham would tell us that it was some old witches with w with with with long nose that that didn't want to have any babies. But then he said that that now they were coming after the children of the Israelites and they would bang on the door and would say, "Hey, we know there's a baby in there." And and and and brother Brandon would say that that Amran had a secret place that Moses was in. And as the the the those witches would come into the home, they would turn over the furniture, turn over the table, but never could find the secret place. You see, in order for them to keep it, they had to hide it. They had to give it away. And brother Brandham then in that in that message, he would say that that the that the jockabed and Amran would would build an ark and and and Moses' dad would come up to his mother and would say, "I know what we have to do. We have to give it up." And she would say, "No, you're crazy. You're just as you're just as crazy as Pharaoh is." You know, and and and the daddy would say, "No, in order for us to keep it, we have to give it up." So they would put it into the into the the the Nile River, I believe. And when they gave it up, but the Brandom says something was going on in heaven. He would send angels to keep the crocodiles away from him. And it's incredible because uh brother Brandon would say that one of the angels would ask God, "What are you going to do?" He says, "Well, I'm going to be at the receiving end of it." You see, when they give it up, I'm going to be at the end waiting on him. And brother Brandham would tell us, in order to get it back, you have to give it up. You see, in order to be delivered, you have to deliver yourself into the hands of the Holy Ghost. And you see, brother Brandon would say this here, uh uh uh when you when you when yourself is completely and totally brought under the blood, there be a total deliverance. There be a freedom like you've never known before. When everything's brought under the blood, brought in submission to the kingdom of God. Then there be a real deliverance. How many wants a real deliverance this morning? maybe a real deliverance from from from mind battles or or a real deliverance from from aches and pains and sicknesses in your body or just right a total deliverance for a body change. But in order for that to happen, we have to deliver oursel and brother Brandham he or but Jesus would experience this total deliverance. And brother Brandham would say he was totally man. He was totally God. But he surrendered his natural parts, his physical parts, his own thinking, his own doing, and his own cares. And I do only that which pleases the father. There you are totally delivered from human beings. I thought that was so powerful that he was completely man, completely God. But as he would surrender himself, he would be delivered from the flesh and he would do only what the will of God was. And that is something that we can put in our heart that as we surrender ourselves, surrender our thinking, surrender our own doing, surrender our own our own cares, our own thoughts, we're being completely delivered from this human flesh. Do we still have mind balance? Yes, we have mind battles. Do we still have mistakes and failures? Yes, we still have those things. But we're not captive to the flesh, but we're subject to the kingdom of God. And I believe we're subjects. God has called us to be be subjects to his kingdom. And the Bible would tell us that I die daily. It's a daily dying. It's a daily delivering yourself up. The Bible would say take up your cross daily. You see, it is not something that you do just one time. You give your give your heart to the Lord and then you're good for the rest of your life. It's a daily delivering up. It's a daily surrendering, a daily dying. And as you daily die, you're growing. Every day you grow a little higher, you grow a little higher. As you feed on the word, feed on the message, you're growing into the stature of a perfect man. But you have to deliver yourself. Oh, hallelujah. And I bring my body into subjection. And the Scoffield Bible would say that you have to lead your body captive. And I love that he would take that word subjection and would say lead your body captive. So I bring my body and lead it captive. So now it's not your fa your flesh leading you captive or your your emotions or your self-will, your desires leading you captive, but now it's the word leading you captive. I'm bringing my body under subjection. If not, we'll be a cast away. And the word in the Greek means not standing the test. And oh my, the devil's testing us. And brother Brown would tell us to be tempted is to be tested. And so when the devil's coming and he's tempting you and he's he he's trying to cause you to fall and make mistakes, what he's doing, he's trying to get you to be a cast away. But if God started a work in your life, he's going to be faithful to complete thy work. Oh, do you believe that this morning that if God has started something in my life, if I die to myself daily, I'm not going to be a cast away, but I'm going to receive the crown of life. And the Bible would tell us in James 1:12, "Blessed is the man that endureth temptation, for when he is tried or tested, he shall receive the crown of life." And the apostle Paul would tell us the brother Brandham would tell us rather what is the crown of life? He would say it is eternal life. And when you receive that crown, he says you receive a dominion. Oh my. He says this here, the the 11th verse. All right. A crown of life. The 11th verse says, "Behold, I come quickly. What quickly after this now see? Behold, I hope hold fast to that which thou hast." What is a crown? What is a crown? A crown means you have a domain. You're a king if you're crowned. See? And we are sons of God. We were when we're crowned with eternal life. And our domain is on the earth. Make you kings and priests under God. Is that right? So there you are. So when you're standing the test or standing the temptation by by by bringing your body into into subjection, you're receiving a crown of eternal life. And when you receive that eternal, and I believe we have that eternal life right now, you believe that this morning that once you receive the Holy Ghost, we're not waiting for eternal life, but eternal life is living in you right now. It's the it's the earnest of our resurrection, right? It's the earnest. We we we've got something right now that proves that we've got something waiting on us. And brother Brandham is telling telling us here that when we re receive the crown of life, there's a dominion that we are placed into. And the Bible would tell us in Luke 1:33, "And his kingdom shall there be no end." So once we're placed into a kingdom, it's not a kingdom that's here today and gone tomorrow. And we can look throughout the the world history. The Greeks, the Persians, the Romans, the Egyptians, they all had kingdoms. But now the Brandon would tell us, you have to dig under dig into the earth just to find them. You got to dig up from the palace, the throne. You got to dig because the the the natural kingdoms have no stability to stand for eternity. that may have stood for some time, but all good things have to come to an end. But the Bible is saying that this kingdom, not an earthly kingdom, but a heavenly kingdom, there shall be no end. So when we're placed into this kingdom, it's not just for today or for tomorrow, but it's for all of eternity. That's why I believe that when God starts something in your life, he's going to be faithful to complete it. If you're born into the kingdom, the devil can come with your past. He can come with condemnation. He can come with your falls and your and your mistakes. But if you're baptized into the kingdom, there's nothing the devil can do to bring you back out of it. Oh, we're sealed into the day of our redemption. You believe that this morning? We're sealed. And brother Brandon would say, "How do you get into this body?" By one spirit. We're all baptized into one body. Oh, hallelujah. were we're many members but there's one body which is Jesus Christ and brother Brown would say this here but the hour is come that every kingdom has to give away because there's a kingdom of God that's established in the human heart by the baptism of the Holy Ghost and the presence of Jesus Christ and Christ will come to his bride and will set up a kingdom here on earth that will never be diminished. How do you get into this kingdom? You're born into it. How do you know it? H how would you belong into a kingdom and disagree with the king? He says the king is the word. In the beginning was the word. The word was with God and the word was God. It say so once we're placed into the kingdom, the king is the word. So whenever the word says something, we bring our body leaded captive to the word of God. Oh, you're not hearing me now. You see, we have our struggles. We have our temptations. But our king, the word, if it says that to turn your head from a woman that's walking down the road, we lead our body captive. When it says that to to root up the root of bitterness, we lead our body captive. If it says to cast down reasoning and emotions and every high thing that exaltth itself above the name of God, we bring our body captive. Is it a fight? Yes, it's a fight, but there's an authority that can prevail in every one of our lives when we bring our body captive and bring it into subjection. Oh, and I believe that is a reality. That ain't just something we talk about. But I believe, brother Brown, I'm going tell us that a man can live so close to God that the devil don't know what to do with him. What is it? Somebody that is leading their body captive, bringing their emotions into subjection. Oh, hallelujah. And brother Brandon would say he would talk about the Ty of Babel and would say it was their motive to build a man made earthly dominion and that only got him so far. It got him off the ground a little bit, but it never took him into the heavenlies. And he says God don't want that. He says he don't want you under Methodist or Baptist or or or a church head united under Rome. He don't want you under a church dominion. He wants you under his spiritual dominion, the Holy Ghost. And when the Holy Ghost of the Holy Spirit comes, the world becomes dead. And you're filled with the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And that the devil is a person that has to stay away from you. You're under God's domain. You're a new creation, a new creature. The Holy Spirit can come into that empty place and fill it up. So in order for the Holy Ghost to fill up that empty place, there has to be an empty place. Right? So in order for there to be an empty place, you have to deliver yourself. And it's incredible because brother Brandham says the devil is a person, a real person, right? He's a real being. And brother Brandham would tell us in order to overcome, you have to recognize the devil that he is real, right? But then you have to recognize that he's against you. You see, too many times we fail to realize that the devil's against us, that emotions are against us, that hard feelings are against us, the complexes are against us, that that the the temptations are against us. Because if you never realize they're against you, you're never going to deliver them up. But Brandham says, you got to realize there's a real devil that he's against you. Then remember that the God that is in you is greater than the devil that's against you. So once you realize there's a real person that is after you, then you got to also remember the greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. That there is an authority that can deliver your flesh to the hands of the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Then you're under God's domain. I want to be under God's domain. I don't want to be under man's domain. Man, man has went up and has went down, up and down. But the word will endure forever. And it's incredible. And I think it's in in first Peter. I was doing a a little study the other day and I came across this scripture in the Bible. I think it's first Peter uh one maybe. And Peter would say that that the flesh is like grass and it's like it's like the flower that wither away, but the word of God is eternal. It's everlasting. And then he would say this, and this is the gospel which I preach unto you. He he didn't say there there's an eternal word here and I'm preaching something different to you. But the eternal word is what I am bringing to you. And our flesh withers the way it's like a flower. We're up today gone tomorrow. We got gray hair, losing our hair, losing our muscle, losing our memory. But the word of God is everlasting. And this is the message that has been brought unto us. &gt;&gt; Oh hallelujah. that we maybe when we lose our energy, we we lose our strength. Whenever our mind starts to slip a little bit, the word of God is still yay and amen, it has the final say over everything that we go through. But it's a spiritual kingdom that we are placed into. And you and the Bible would tell us in Luke 16 and 16, the law and the prophets were unto John. Since that time, the kingdom of God is preached and every man presseth into it. So, it's a fight to get into the kingdom of God. You say, is it a is it a physical fight? It's a spiritual fight. Every man presseth into it. And the Bible would tell us that the kingdom of heaven, Matthew 11:12, and from the days of John the Baptist until now, the kingdom of heaven suffereth violence, and the vi the violent take it by force. And so sometimes we got to get dirty. Sometimes it takes some fight and some tears and some blood and some sweat, but we're taking the kingdom by force. And brother Brandon would say, God's kingdom is not of this earth. God's kingdom is in our hearts. It's the spiritual kingdom that we're born into. And Jesus said, "The kingdom of God comes, but not without violence. And the kingdom of God is within you. the Holy Spirit, God's kingdom, moving in the man and governing and controlling him. That's the kingdom. So, what is the the the taking the kingdom by violence and taking it by force? It's the Holy Ghost governing and controlling you. It's not going to happen easy, but it's going to take a fight. As you're surrendering your will to the hands of God, you're taking the kingdom. Oh, and I believe that's what God wants on the earth today is a dominion. is a kingdom in the hearts of every one of his believers. That we're not just sayers or but but we're doers. You know, we're not just from our lips speaking the things of God. And our heart is far from him, but our heart is in tune with the word of God. And he governs and controls my actions, controls my thoughts, controls what I say and what I do. It's a kingdom that is upon the earth today. Oh, hallelujah. And brother Brown would talk about Moses and would say he was completely surrendered to the hands of God till God could trust him. &gt;&gt; Ain't that powerful? That it wasn't Moses trusting God, but God was trusting Moses. That's why whenever Moses was at the Red Sea and he was crying under God and God would say, "Why cry unto me? Speak and go forward." He had so surrendered himself to God that God trusted him with the authority of the kingdom that you can speak the word and there's no red sea that can stand in front of you. Oh, how it was Joshua that he was commissioned to destroy the enemy and as he was in the middle of the fight, the sun started to go down, right? And the Bible says he commanded the son to stand still. He had go he had God's trust and the authority was given to him. Oh, brother Brown was saying that he didn't have to pray about it, ask about it. He was tied to an absolute. He was tied to the word of God with the commission and he spoke the word. He was entrusted by God with the authority of the kingdom. And I say we can be so submissive to the word of God that he trusts us with the word of God that you can speak to the mountain. You can speak to your circumstances. The Bible would say, "For it is your father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom." And the word good pleasure is good will. So it's the will of the father to entrust you with the kingdom. But first, you have to be subdued by the hand of the Holy Ghost. Oh hallelujah. Then he trusts us with the authority of the kingdom that whatever you bind on earth will be bound in heaven. Right? Whatever you loose will be loosed in heaven. It's God trusting his people with the kingdom. And the Bible would say he's made us kings and priests. And brother Brandham would say this is happening right now. He says there is a kingdom to come but we're reigning right now in the spiritual kingdom of God. He would say, "And he hath made us." Oh, there was no certain truths. We need to emphasize this is one of them. He He hath made us. Salvation is his doing. Salvation is of the Lord. All of grace. He redeemed us for a purpose. He bought us for a purpose. I love that because brother Brown, he's putting it that it's not what you done, it's what he done. &gt;&gt; He hath made us kings and priests. It was the grace of God. The emphasis is on he and I love this scripture here in 1 Peter 2:9. But you are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a peculiar people, that you should show forth the praises of him who hath called you out of darkness into his marvelous light. The next verse, which in times past were not a people, but now the people of God, which had not obtained mercy, but now have obtained mercy. You once was a nobody. You was a cast away. You're you're on your way to hell, but now by the grace of God, he chose you and established his kingdom on the inside of your heart. &gt;&gt; We once was without mercy, but now we have mercy. We was without grace, but now we have grace. We was without hope, but now we have hope. How, brother Josh, the emphasis is on he. He hath made us worthy. He hath made us kings and priests. He hath chosen us to be a royal priesthood, a holy nation. And he hath called us out of darkness into marvelous light. We once were a people of darkness, but now we're a people of light. Now Jesus would tell us, "Let your light shine. Let don't put it under a bushel, but let your light shine." In other words, you're not a people of darkness any longer. You're a people of the light. Let the kingdom flow through you. You're not subjects of an earthly dominion. You're a subject of a heavenly dominion that is inside of the heart of the believer. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Let your light shine. Don't put it in a corner somewhere. Let your light shine. Hallelujah. It was by the grace of God that he would call you. Brother Brandham would say we are kings, spiritual kings. Oh, we are we are we are going to be kings upon the earth when he sets when he sets his when he sets on his throne. But now we are spiritual kings and reign over a spiritual de a spiritual kingdom. Then he tells us what are we reigning over? Because we hear that a lot that we're kings. We have a dominion. But what are we reigning over? Brother say right now we reign with Christ having dominion over sin, the world, the flesh, and the devil. So where is your dominion in your flesh over your flesh? Oh, come on now. You might not be speaking like you might not be speaking and causing the sun to stand still. You might not be splitting the Red Sea. You might not be like David and bringing down a natural giant, but your dominion is a spiritual dominion over the spirits that try to plague your flesh. &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. It's a kingdom inside of your flesh. And the Bible would tell us Colossians 1:13, who hath delivered us from the power of darkness and have translated us into the kingdom of his dear son. And so darkness is still here, but there's no power of that darkness. You're still in your flesh, but there's no power for on your flesh that is bringing you into subjection. Your flesh is still there, but there's no power over you. Hallelujah. And it translated us into the kingdom of his dear son. And the word translation or translated means to be brought from one place to another. So from one one position of bound by flesh to another one where that flesh has no power over it. You see we're no longer dictated. And that's why my my my my opening quote brother Brandham was telling us that there we don't have to be dictated by sin. We don't have to be dictated by our flesh. We don't have to fall subject to the things of the world because we've been translated brought from one dominion to another. We're once a part of the dominion of sin, but now we're a part of the dominion of the kingdom of heaven. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. So, we're walking in Leoa, but we're delivered from the power of Leoa. We're walking amongst gross darkness, but we've been delivered from the power of gross darkness. And the Bible would tell us that the devils are the the Satan's like a roaring lion seeking whom he may devour. He's still here, but he has no power over you, right? He's powerless over you. So, so the flesh can rise up and temptations can rise up, but if you've been translated from one kingdom to another, temptations are there, but there's no power over you. And say, I don't want the devil having any power over me. no jurisdiction over my mind, over my family, over my home, over my church, but I want to be delivered into the hands of the Holy Ghost where the the where the devil loses all of his power over me. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You see, we've been placed, we've been translated from one place to another. And you remember John, he he was he he was on the aisle of Patmas and was say, I was in the spirit on the Lord's day. Brother Brandon would say he got into the spirit and was translated into the Lord's day or was moved from one place to another. And it's incredible because if you look his flesh was still on the aisle of Patmas, right? &gt;&gt; He was still being tormented. He was still having the most miserable time, but his spirit man was moved from one place to another. And it's incredible because the Bible would tell us that John was weeping because there was no man found worthy to open the book to loosen the seals, not even to look upon the book. But then he heard of one of the elders, right, that would say, "Weep not, John, for the lion of the tribe of Judah hath prevailed to take the book and loosen the seals." And then he went from weeping to rejoicing. How come? Because when that book came open, he realized I'm a part of the kingdom. That my flesh is still on the aisle of Patmas. Our flesh is still in Leardia. But we have been brought into a proud age. We've been brought into another dominion. Oh, that even when our flesh is weak and it's tired, we are part of another kingdom. And could you imagine that that that John is there on the aisle of Patmas, you know, and the Bible says that that when he was in the spirit on the Lord's day, he heard a voice saying, "I'm the alpha and the omega, the beginning, and the end." You know, and here he is. He's sitting on the aisle of Patmas. And I'm sure he would have the mind battles. God, have you forsaken me? Have you forgot about me? I've stood for your name. I've stood for the cause of Christ. I've stood and here I am on the aisle of Patmas. But then he would be translated and there would be some encouraging words saying, "Hey, I'm the alpha and the omega. I know where you are at. You might not understand how you're going to get out of it, but I'm with you every step of the way." And it's encouraging, canon, whenever our flesh is weak. Whenever we have mind battles, we have aches and we have pains and the devil's coming against us. But then we can remember we're of another kingdom. We're of another domain. And our king is never going to leave us. He's never going to forsake us. You know, brother Brandon would say that he's a shepherd. There's a difference between a shepherd and a herdsman, right? He says the herdsman is with you during the day, but then leaves you at night and he goes and sleeps in his house. But he says the shepherd, he's with you during the day, but then at night he sleeps with you. And what would Christ say? I'm the good shepherd. I'm the door of the sheep. Oh, hallelujah. So in the dark times of your life, nothing can get to you unless it comes through Christ. Oh, that means he can't put nothing on you more than you can bear. So you might be at your midnight hour. You might feel like you're Paul and Silas. You're in your prison cell, but don't worry, he's not a herdsman. He's still with you. He's the good shepherd that is with you at the midnight hour. &gt;&gt; I'm the good shepherd. He would say that I know my sheep and my she my sheep know me. He's not going to lose the one. He would say that all that my father hath given me, you know, I won't lose a one. So if you're a part of this kingdom, if you're a part of his fold, you're never going to be lost. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You see, you see, there's a predestinated scene. Patrick Bosow, y'all just got baptized this last Wednesday. Y'all were always a son of God. Even when you was out doing your own thing, you was always a son of God. You was always a part of it. And the and the shepherd was always with you. That's why you're here today. That's why all of us is here today. Whenever we was running from the grace of God, the shepherd was still with us calling on us. No man cometh unto me unless the father first draws him. So there's something on the inside that pulls us. Hallelujah. Brother Brandon was saying St. Paul said, "My flesh wants to always yield to that." Your flesh does too. But the law of the spirit of God in the heart overcomes the flesh and makes the body obey what the heart says do. So your flesh is still fighting against you. But the law of the spirit of God, the kingdom that is in the heart brings your body under subjection, brings your flesh. And it's incredible because brother Brandham must say it's the same thing with sickness. He says if you need s if you need healing in your body, he would say then stand with that power. He says the spirit of God in your heart. He says points to the word of God by his stripes we were healed. And they stand with the power to make the sickness in that body obey them. Ain't that powerful? That the kingdom in your heart makes the sickness in your body. Obey the word of God. That's why temptations they come up but the kingdom in the heart brings that under subjection. You see and the Bible would tell us that in Colossians 1:12 giving thanks unto the father which has made us to meet have made us meat to be partakers of the inheritance of the saints in the light. So in other words this kingdom have this kingdom has benefits. By his stripes I am healed. He was bruised for my iniquities. You see? So this kingdom has a heritage that we've been placed into. You see, this heritage is for you to grab a hold of and manifest through your life. You see, and the Bible would tell us in Isaiah 54:17, "No weapon that is formed against thee shall prosper, and every tongue that shall rise against thee in the judgment, thou shalt condemn." This is the heritage of the servants of the Lord. In other words, and you look at the word heritage, the that word heritage is the property that descends to an heir. So once you're placed into a kingdom, you're heir of all salvation. You're heir to the blessings of God. And here Isaiah is saying, "No weapon that is formed against thee shall prosper." This is your heritage. This is your This is your property that has been given to you because you're descendants of this kingdom. Oh, and I believe there's so many other promises that we can grab a hold of and say, "This is my heritage. Healing is my is my heritage. Deliverance, the Holy Ghost, salvation for my children, the rapture, the body change, the marriage supper of the lamb is everything that God has given me. I'm going to obtain." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. In times past, we wasn't a people, but now we are the people of God with a heritage. Hallelujah. I believe we have a heritage that God has given us. And brother Brandham, he he would type Jo's prophecy. If I will restore, sayeth the Lord, he would say, that's the heritage of the Lord. Oh my soul, this message is your heritage. Everything that was lost to the church ages, I will restore. That's why the angel told John, you know, go to the angel with the open book in hand and tell him, "Give me the book." And as you get the book, get the book, partake of the book. What was it? That was John's heritage. And in order for him to partake of that heritage, he had to go and get it out of the angel's hand. And if there's ever a time to get into these tapes, it is now. Oh, come on now. If there's ever a time to get into the word of God for yourself, it is now. It is your heritage. It is the the inheritance that God has given you. Oh my. It's a conductor. Brother Brandon would talk about the conductor. And he would say that that a conductor is what channels electricity, right? It's what brings electricity through it. And he says this word is your conductor. And he says the Holy Spirit follows the word. Whenever the word is preached, he says the Holy Spirit follows that word. He says when, and I'll just read it to you. He says, "See, that's the thing that delivers the word." The word goes right out and the Holy Spirit follows the word. Wherever the word is preached, you see your pastor preach it. The first thing you know, and he says, he says, "Across the building comes the Holy Ghost." See, that's right. It's the conductor of the word. The word is the conductor of the spirit because where the word is preached, the spirit follows it. Wherever it goes, why? The Holy Spirit follows the word. Oh my. Ain't that wonderful that wherever the word is preached, the spirit of God follows that word. And where the spirit of the Lord is, there was what? Liberty. There's liberty from sickness. There's liberty from mind battles. So, as long as we're preaching the word of God, there's the conductor that is channeling the spirit of God in every situation. That's why I believe if you want a revival in your home, play the message. Right? If you want a revival in your children's life, play the message and let the word of God channel the Holy Spirit, be a conductor for the supernatural to come and manifest itself in the lives of everyone around you. Brother Brand, I'm going to say this. God wants eagles. He wants Messiah ads. He wants men and women who have signs and wonders, anointed ones. He wants a church that's filled with the Holy Ghost. A church reflecting him the same yesterday, today, and forever. God didn't die. He just borne the kingdom. Oh, hallelujah. My He says, "God didn't die. Now he's in you." You see, the spirit of God didn't go away with Christ. And now, now God's just in heaven, but now deity is in humanity. Oh, come on now. That's why he says, "I'll never leave you, never forsake. I won't leave you comfortless, but I'll come and be with you. I'm not just going to walk with you, but I'm going to even be in you." Oh, hallelujah. He says he just born a kingdom. He's got Messiah in it. Amen. Every word he says, they say amen to him. That's right. Yes, sir. They look like him. They act like him. They believe it. Got the conductor moving right on out with signs and wonders. That's the Messiah. Messiah lives today. He isn't dead. He's alive forever more. And brother Brandon preached the message called Messiah. And we said, "What is the Messiah?" He says it's the kingdom. He says it's the kingdom of God inside of you. He says we're miniature messiahes, right? He says we're we're we're miniature gods. You can speak the word. He talked about Adam. Hell, that Adam was a minor god under Jehovah, right? It was it was Adam that would speak the would create the the names of the animals, right? Call this one. Call this one a lion. Call this one a tiger. And I don't believe that it was just Adam coming out and being like, I'm going to call you tiger. I'm going to call you lion. But I believe there was an inspiration that whenever the lion would come forth, he would see him and then would be inspired. That's a lion, right? That one's a giraffe. That's a tiger. He was a minor. God, brother Brandon would teach us that if it was hot, he needed a tree. He would say if he plucked up and planted over here, right? He would speak to the storm. If the storm was coming, he would speak to the storm. And it would go out of existence. He was a minor god under Jehovah. But because of sin, right, he lay fell from that dominion. Now he's running from the storm, right? Instead of speaking to the storm, he's running from Leo the lion. Instead of p petting Leo the lion, he fell from this position. But because of the Holy Ghost, this kingdom has been restored into the hearts of the believer that now you're a miniature Messiah Ed, as well. Oh, you might not be speaking to the tiger. You might not you might not be speaking squirrels into existence, but you can still take the word of God and speak it over your emotions. Speak it over your feelings. Speak it over your five senses. And that that dominion starts to reflect itself in every one of your lives. Hallelujah. Brother Brown, I'm going say this here. Now, this is now that is true. God called meas. God called us. And we become kings and priests unto God. Like Jesus was God, God's high priest. We become a lesser priest. God Jesus was God in fullness dwelt in him to shine forth the expression of God to the world. For God was in Christ reconciling the world to himself. And as God was in Christ reconciling the world to himself, God comes into the church and anoints him some Messiah S. He says, "Oh my, do you see it? The same things he did in his church, the same power he has in this church. And his church becomes his dominion. And he's the king over this dominion. He says, "There you are messiahs, little messiahs, little anointed ones, anointed off of what? The main one. Anointed off of the great one." Oh my. What is it? We've recognized the Messiah is in our midst. And brother Brandham at in that message he would he he would tell us that the Messiah when he when Christ come upon the earth he was the Messiah. He was the word. He he he he was channeling the the word and manifesting it. And in order to to to to uh uh be a reflection of that Messiah, you had to recognize him, right? The scribes and Pharisees would say this man's bea, you know, he's a man maketh himself God. But then there was a woman at the well and it's I think it's so powerful. as we heard on heard on Wednesday night brother Miguel was preaching that Jesus would say I have needs to go by Samaria. Why was there a need to go by there? Because there was somebody that was redeemable and and as the woman at the well would come to this position, come to the spot. He would say to her, right? Give me something to drink. We all know the story. You know that the the we have no dealings with each other. You're a Jew. I'm a Samaran. He would say, "If you knew who I was, you would ask of me to drink. Well, the well is deep. You got no bucket to get water with." Right? But then he says, then he starts to discern her heart. Go get your husband. I don't got a husband. Well, you you speak the truth for you have five. The one you're living with now, it's not yours. It was the Messiah performing the Messiah sign. But then there was somebody that was predestinated for the kingdom would recognize this is the Messiah. She would say, "I perceive you're a prophet. But when he come, when the Messiah comes, he would do these things." He would say, "I am he." What happened? She dropped her water pots. She dropped the very thing that was hindering her from seeing the Messiah. Once she realized who was in her midst, she she dropped it and she would run into the city, come see a man, brother Brown, I'm going say this here. But when Jesus turned and said, I am he that speaks with you. There was no such expression as Beza. But she left her water pot, ran into the city, and said, "Come see a man who have told me the things that I have done. Isn't this the very Messiah?" Now what did this putting the old scripture with that experience Jesus was given to her. What did it do? It made the Messiah. And he says now notice quickly her sins were forgiven because at the beginning she was redeemable because she was in God's thinking at the beginning. So it redeemed her or brought it back. And so in the in the mind of God, she wasn't a harlot. In the mind of God, she she was she didn't have mistakes and failures. In the mind of God, she was perfect. And as she recognized the Messiah, it would bring her back to the thoughts that God had for her. That's why there's no condemnation to those that are in Christ Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Once we're born into the kingdom, our past is forgiven. How come, Brother Josh? Because we were from the beginning redeemable. Hallelujah. Brother Brown and Ben would tell us that that he says that that God can get a hold of a bunch of people to manifest this power in every dimension. And so, not only was she liberated from her water pots, but she was liberated from condemnation. You see, the devil don't just fight in this dimension, but there's other dimensions, right? Brother Brandon would tell us that there's dimensions where demons are at, right? He would tell us that there's the fourth dimension which is where where where television is radio waves and and pictures. And he says what the television does, it channels that other dimension, right? Can you see pictures going through here right now? Can you hear radio? Hear the radio, but it's coming through here, but it's in another dimension. And I love that because the devil comes in other dimensions. He don't where you can't see him. But he still comes and he fights your mind. He fights your body. He fight your spirit man. Brother Brandham says that we will manifest his power in every dimension. Oh, so the dimension of television will overcome that, right? The dimension of social media or of YouTube or or of movies, there's a power on the inside that we can manifest his authority even in that other dimension. Hallelujah. I believe there's a kingdom people that's manifesting the power of God. Amen. Man, you believe that this morning? &gt;&gt; And I I even preached an hour yet, so just give me a few more minutes. You see, brother Brandwood would tell us that there's a kingdom inside of you that when you can conquer the gates of your enemy, and it's incredible because because this is my last thought I want to get to here because sometimes that we think that once we fall, there's no grace for us to get back up. And you see, there's difference between condemnation and conviction, right? Condemnation points out your mistakes and says there's no future for you. But conviction points out the mistake and says there's grace for you. Right? There's a difference between condemnation and conviction because we're in our flesh. We're going to make mistakes. We're going to make flaws and and failures. But there's a grace that can that that causes us to persevere. And it was the apostle Paul that was that was there in I believe he was in prison and he would cry unto the Lord three times and would say the devil buffets me. And brother Brandham would tell us the word buffet is what? Blow after blow after blow. Right? And he would cry unto the Lord. Take this affirmity from me. In other words, then he would type this affirmity to a thorn in his flesh. Not a thorn in his soul, but a thorn in his flesh. His flesh was weak. And I love it because the Lord didn't take him out of that affirming or take the the thorn out of his flesh, but he says, "My grace is sufficient for thee." In other words, you're going to go, "Your flesh is going to be tempted. Your flesh is going to be tried. Your flesh is going to be hammered. But my grace is enough for you to persevere." Then what would the Apostle Paul say? I will glory in my affirmities. So, he went from crying about it and whining about it to now I'm going to praise God. Even though the thorn is still in my flesh, even though my flesh is still weak, even though my flesh is still beat down, my mind is beat down, there's a grace that is more than enough that I can still praise God in the hard times. I can still praise God because I know I'm of another kingdom. and you will look at Jesus and it's always it's always whenever you're at your weakest moment that the devil comes against your flesh. Brother Brandon tell us that the devil only comes when he thinks he has the upper hand. Right? And here Jesus, the Bible says he was led into the wilderness to be tempted. And you notice that the Bible says it was after the 40th day that the tempter came and tempted Jesus. How come he didn't come on the first day or the second day or the third day? Because his flesh was strong. His mind was strong, but at the 40th day, his flesh was weak. He was hungry. He was tired. He had been fastened. He his body was beat down. That's when the tempter came. You see, the devil don't come when your flesh is strong. He don't come whenever whenever you're you're in a revival meeting or a youth camp and you felt charged by the Holy Ghost. But he comes when you're back home, right? Whenever your your your body is sick or you're having mind battles, that's when he comes. And he says, "Man, you never had in the first place, right? You you you you really didn't receive the Holy Ghost. You really didn't get delivered. You really your life ain't really changed." He's coming when your flesh is weak because he knows if your flesh is weak, that's the best way to get to your soul. But what would Jesus say? The Bible would tell us that the tentor came to him and would say, "If thou be the son of God, make stones in the bread." What would Jesus say? It is also written. In other words, there was a there was a there was a an inspiration, a discernment to know that the devil's coming with scripture, but he's misinterpreting the scripture. And we got to realize that every time the devil comes, it's a lie. How do you know if the devil's lying? Right? When his mouth's moving, right? He can come with quotes, he can come with scriptures, but he can twist them up. And now, instead of bringing conviction, he's bringing condemnation. He brings the word of God. and say, "See, you send your day of grace away. You wasn't really, you never had the Holy Ghost. You never this and that." He He can take messages from behind the pullpit and bring them to condemn you. What he's doing is the same thing he done to Jesus. But what did Jesus say? It is also written. Come on now. Even when my flesh is weak and the devil's bringing scriptures against you, there's no scripture that condemns you when you're in Christ. It might convict you, but it don't condemn you. Hallelujah. This is the father's will, the word of God. And it's incredible because he would say, "It is also written." You look at John 6 and37. And all that the father hath given me shall come to me. Him that cometh to me, I will no wise cast out. So there you go. You can never send your day of grace away. The Bible is saying in John 6:39, "And this is the father's will which has sent me that that of all which he hath given me. I shall lose nothing but shall raise it up again at the last day. I know them that are mine. Your name is engraved in the palm of my hand." So in other words, you can never be lost. So when the devil comes when your flesh is weak and says you are lost, bring him back to the scripture and say, "But it is also written." When he comes and he says, "You can't get your healing." Bring it back to the scripture. Say, "Even though my flesh is weak, the kingdom is in my soul, not in my flesh. The kingdom's in my soul, not in my spirit, man." And bring your body into subjection. Oh, hallelujah. And that's when the devil gets on the run, man. You want to get the devil on the run? Bring your body into subjection. You remember the story of David and Goliath? We've heard as a as a kid growing up, right? The Bible would tell us that the the armies of the Philistines was boasting against the Israelites, right? And there how come they were boasting because of Goliath, right? I mean, they their champion never been defeated and here Goliath said, "Man, if you have a man, send him out to fight me." But something changed when the Bible tell us that whenever Goliath was brought down, the Bible says that the Philistines ran. What happened? Their greatest weapon was brought into subjection. Oh, come on now. Then what would happen once their greatest weapon was brought into subjection? It was no longer the Philistines chasing the Israelites, but now it was reversed. Now it's the Israelites chasing the Philistines because their champion was brought into subjection. And what did brother Brandham tell us? Who's your greatest enemy? He says, not the devil, not your neighbor, but you're your greatest enemy. So once you bring that your body into subjection, which is the devil's champion, that's when the roles get reversed. That's when you say, "Devil, get out of my way. Give me my joy. Give me my peace. Give me my healing. Give me the Holy Ghost. Give me my loved ones. I'm bringing your greatest champion in the subjection." There's a grace for your flesh. There's a grace that when the devil's boasting over you, there's a grace that can bring it into subjection. It was David. The Bible would say that that that he was distressed. He would come back to Ziglag. And the Bible says that the enemy would come and would take the children, take their wives. And the Bible says that David's warriors took up stones to stone him. Right? And the Bible says he was distressed. But then he encouraged himself in the Lord. His spirit was distressed. His flesh was distressed. But there was a soul that was anchored and thou would encourage himself. Then what would happen after that? The Bible says the Lord would speak to David and would say, "Pursue, for you shall surely overtake them all." In other words, even though your flesh is weak, let that soul speak. Come on. that we're always letting our flesh speak. We're always letting our spirit man speak. How about you let that soul speak and speak the promises of God. Speak that there's a rapture for me. Speak that there's a there's a a marriage supper of the lamb. There's a body changed and there's nothing the devil can do to keep me out of it. Let that soul speak and pursue. Oh man, I say pursue a revival. And it's incredible because the Bible would tell us that they're they're in ziglag that the I think it was the Amalachites would take the would take the wives and would take the children. But the Bible says they only took them. They didn't kill them. I think I've used it here before. And I love that because the devil can take your joy, but he can't kill it. Right? He can take your peace, but he can't kill it. He can take your happiness. He might take your revival, but he can't kill it. But let that soul speak and say, "Pursue. Pursue." Let our musicians come this morning. And I say that this morning. Pursue. Even when the flesh is weary, the flesh is weak. There's a kingdom on the inside, but it's not an earthly dominion. Not not a not a not a fleshly dominion, but it's a heavenly kingdom inside of that soul. And man, the more you bring your body into subjection, it's incredible because I've got so much more here, but let let me let me let me let me close with this here. Brother Brandham would tell us that he would that Jesus was the creator. And I think this is so powerful that that he when he when he was upon the boat and the winds and the waves was coming against that boat. Brother Brandham says Jesus was the creator and he says the winds and the waves was the creation. And he says that when he spoke the word, he says the winds and the waves had to obey him because they was the creation. He was the creator. And he says so is it with us today? He says he created our bodies. He says he's the creator. And so now can't he bring our thoughts into subjection? Can he bring our body into subjection? He says what a position. We are secured. He created those bodies. And then he would tell us that he says even whenever you're you're nothing but a spoonful of dust. He says you're dead in the grave. He says that body is still in subjection. He says whenever the voice of resurrection, he says whenever whenever he he says notice God will make our body so obey him that he said in St. John the 6th chapter, he that eats my flesh, drink my blood has everlasting life and I will raise him up in the last day. Think of it. Our bodies when that think of it. Our bodies when we have no more control of it turns back to a spoonful of dust. God will speak to that body and will raise it up again in the likeness of the resurrection of Jesus Christ. He says, "What are you worried about? If it's in God's hands, let go. For he will raise it up." He promised to do it. That's thus saith the Lord. Oh my. Everything has to obey him. Nature has to obey him. He's the creator of all nature. &gt;&gt; So even if we go by the way of the grave, I'm I'm in such subjection. It was like Elisha. The quickening power was upon Elisha. He was in the tomb, right? He was in a cave. And there was a battle that was going on. There's a dead soldier that would throw that soldier into the cave. And as soon as that soldier would touch the bones of Elisha, he would come back to life. Brother Brandham says quickening power was still with those bones. Even if we go by the way of the grave, quicken in power, it's still inside of these bones. Oh my. And I say, don't get discouraged this morning, little church. Don't get weary and welloing. Just bring the body under subjection. Let's bow our heads this morning. Dear heavenly father, Lord, we're thankful for your grace and your mercy, Lord. God, thank you for your your presence that we feel here this morning, Lord. Lord, thank you for establishing a kingdom inside of the hearts of your people, Lord, that even when our flesh is weary and our flesh gets beaten and worn down and and the devil battles us and tempts us and tests us, there's a kingdom on the inside that can bring our flesh into subjection. And Lord, I ask if there's There's some here this morning that has not delivered their will into your hands. May they surrender everything to your hands, Lord. We love you, Father. We're thankful for your mercies and your grace in Jesus name. Amen. Can we stand and sing this this morning? Shine all around us by day by night. [Music] Jesus the light of the world. We sing that again now. Walk in the light. Such a beautiful life. [Music] by day. Yeah. By night Jesus, the light of the world. Amen. And will God bless you this morning? I pray something was said to to strengthen and encourage you in some way. Remember, there's no service this evening. We've dismissed. And so service on 7:00 on Wednesday night. Let's remember all the ones that are traveling back home today and tomorrow that the Lord would give them safe travel and mercies. And Lord willing, we see y'all on Wednesday. God bless y'all. Let's sing that one more time as our brothers dismiss us now. Such a beautiful life comes when the new drops of mercy. [Music]
