################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-11 - 2025-05-11 Bro Wendall Martin "Mothers Day 2025" - Wendall Martin - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-11
Title:   2025-05-11 Bro Wendall Martin "Mothers Day 2025"
Speaker: Wendall Martin
Church:  New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oyL4B2UyxP0
========================================

start this life and then you gave me wings to fly. And I learned to dream because you believed in me. There's no power like it on this earth. No treasury to it. The gift of a mother's [Music] love. Thank you for the sun day that fill the corners of my memory. Thank you for every selflessness unsung I know you did for me. Thank you for giving me the choice to search my soul till I could find my voice. And I thank you for teaching me to be strong enough to. You gave me the roots to start this life. And then you gave me wings to fly. And I learned to dream because you believed in me. There's no power like it on this earth. No treasure to it. The gift of a mother's love. [Music] I thank God for a mother's love. [Music] My sister's little boy came into the kitchen one evening while she was fixing supper and handed a piece of paper that he had been writing on. And after wiping her hands on her apron, she took the letter in her hands and she read it and this is what it said. For mowing the yard, $5. And for making up my own bed this week, $1. For going to the store, 50 cents. And playing with little brother while you went shopping, 25 cents. Taking out the trash, $1. And forgetting a good report. $5 and for the yard $2 total 1475. Well, she looked at him standing there expecting and a thousand memories began to flash through her mind. So she picked up the pen and she turned the letter over and this is what she wrote to that little boy. months I carried you tonight with [Music] you for the time and the tears and the cost through the years. There is no charge when you add it all up. The real cost of my love is no fil with dread and the worry. No charge for advice and the love and the cost of your college. [Music] char. There's no charge in my soul. when you [Music] real looked up at her with great big old tears in his eyes and he said, "Mama, I sure do love you." And then he reached out and he got the letter, turned it over and he wrote in grand big words [Music] in all the rivers of my love. [Music] You're up all night with a [Music] scream. You run all day at the speed of life. [Music] And every day you feel a little bit less like the beautiful moment you are. So you fall in bed when you run out [Music] [Music] of you are changing the world at a making [Music] [Music] [Music] historyile at a time. [Music] Every tear that you [Music] kissed, they're Just like the drops of rain over time they become a river and you you are changing the world one little heartbeat at a time making history and [Music] every time will tell you you're changing. the world one little heartbeat at a [Music] time. You're beautiful. So beautiful. How the world changing the world on the moon. [Music] You are changing the world heartbeat at a time. Making history with every touch and every smile you may [Music] not change the world. I believe that you change the world at a [Music] time. You're changing the world. [Music] Good to have everyone here on Mother's Day and um we are sure looking forward to uh a wonderful little program this morning. We're we're missing a whole bunch uh still yet. Uh A lot of us went to uh Virginia over the last week and so some still haven't made it back and and uh so we're sort of at at half mass here this morning, but we're going to have us a wonderful Mother's Day and we just want to greet all of you mothers and tell you uh how much we love you and appreciate you. We've got a we've got a little program that we're going to uh do today and um um uh we're we're just so we're not going to really have a song service per se. Um but we've got we've got a video that is that we're going to break up into three segments and um um and it's and it's not going to be just a whole just just real fancy at all. just just going to have a lot of things from from children to their mothers and and um so we're going to break it break it up and and have a a song or two in between and uh so we just hope that you you thoroughly enjoy your day today. How many appreciates the mothers in your lives? [Applause] We we are so blessed to have to have mothers and um uh special mothers in in in our lives. And so uh we're we're blessed also to have brother Ronnie and sister Linda with us. And uh and before we get started, I I just want you to know that uh uh they were uh two of the original founders of our church. Uh many years ago, I was I was 19 years old. Uh, brother Ronnie, you remember when I baptized you and and and how cold it was. And uh, so that has been back 36 years ago. And uh, so it's just an honor to have brother Ronnie, sister Linda, they're dear friends of ours. And uh, so thankful that y'all came uh to spend the Mother's Day service with us. Um, okay. So, we're we're going to uh open it up in prayer and um we hope you enjoy this. We we we want to say that we appreciate all of the work uh from Brother Harry and Sister Khalila. Uh they they've had such a hard job hunting everybody down, getting videos, clipping videos. I think I think uh Sister Kala had 40some videos to clip and to paste together and and um and and and trying to get this all done while the majority of us are gone. So, uh it's it's been quite it's been quite a time, but we we hope that you enjoy uh this that we put together. Why don't we just go to the Lord in prayer and ask his blessings upon our service. Father, we just want to thank you today for your your many blessings and your love to us, Lord. Father, we thank you for the women in our lives, Lord. There is there is nothing that we could say, Lord, to uh uh really express our love for our wives and our mothers and our grandmothers. And I I just pray Lord that you would you would bless them today. Now Lord bless uh our program. Just want you to be Lord uh exalted during it all. Father just ask that you would be pleased with everything that is done and said in Jesus name we pray. Amen. And amen. All right, we're going to we'll start the video there. Happy Mother's Day. We want to thank each of you mamas for everything that you do, for the example that you live for the next generation. We know sometimes you may feel like you haven't done much or sometimes you may even wonder about your purpose, whether you're making a difference in life. Today, we want to remind each of you of some of the ways that you've been used of the Lord and how much your family appreciates you for what you do. If there was one word to describe my mom, that word is amazing. Amazing seems fitting because there's so many other words that you can put with the word amazing to describe something or someone. And that's how I kind I feel about my mom. She's an amazing person. There's not one word that could describe her as a person, as a mom, as a friend. Mom, I hope that you have a wonderful Mother's Day. If only miles were measured in sidewalk squares this weekend so we could spend it together, but I hope you have a wonderful day. Anyway, I love you forever. Mother's Day Mom, sorry we can't be with you today. I hope you have a a wonderful day. Sure love you. Thank you for all you've done for us, boys and family, the church family. Always putting others first before your own needs and and wants. You know, homeschooling us. That's a big task with three hundred boys. I remember getting up late at night, seeing the light in the kitchen, peeking around the corner, you're grading our school, you know, making sure we're ready for the next day. It's always making sure we're we're provided for. Even today, we can't leave your house without toilet paper or water or something that you think we might need. Always putting others first, you know, and that's a quality that that has really stuck with me that that if you put others first, God will reward you and bless you. And another thing, always having a tape playing or as a kid growing up, a tape was always playing, always reading your Bible. I noticed the other day that you've recently got a new Bible you told me about. I think maybe last year or the year before. And I noticed that it's already worn out. Pages are already worn, you know, and you're still you you you're still living that example, putting God first, you know, and so that has always stuck with me, Mom, that that your love for the Lord, love for this message, and and I pray that you just have a wonderful day today. Uh, I think I've got the best mother in the world. And I'm not reading from a script. I I mean, I really mean that from my heart. I've always thought she was the best cook in the world. There's no one can talk mama when it comes to cooking. She's the best nurse in the world. And she didn't even have to go to college uh to learn how to take care of me, but she just knew how to do it. She was a good listener. things that she would say to me to encourage me uh and sometimes even reprimmend me. U you know the these things were stuck in my heart and uh they were a help to me. You know when my mother said you know she'd tell me that she's praying for me. I knew she was praying and I knew it wouldn't just be words, but it would be something that the Lord would be pleased with and would honor him and he would listen. And um she was just the the the best example of motherhood. And I want to just say happy Mother's Day, Mom. I sure love you. Okay. for our family. Yeah, I really like it. Happy Mother's Day, Katrina. Hello. I just want to share a few words about my mom. She is the best role model that there is. She has shown me what true love really is and how to be a great mother, grandmother, sister, and friend. She is the strongest woman I know, and I love every single thing about her. I can only hope that one day I can be half the mother that she has been to me. I thank God for her every day. Love you, Mom. Happy Mother's Day, Mom. Sure appreciate all the hard work and everything that you did in my life to get me where I am today. And um I know road wasn't always easy. you had a lot of kids and whatnot. But appreciate you always making time for me and making sure, you know, I had all the things I needed, you know, and all my name brand clothes and all my, you know, all just everything. You know, I know the sacrifice that you made and appreciated for it and I hope you have a good Mother's Day. Hi, Mom. I just wanted to say thank you for everything you did for me as a kid as far as teaching me how to pray and doing devotions daily and teaching me to be in my Bible and uh laying the groundwork for who I would become in the future. Happy Mother's Day. I love you. I love you, Mom. And I love that you uh take care of us and put us first and stuff and take us to the uh park and give us food and stuff and clothe us. I love you, Mom. I love you, Mom. Say it. Mama, happy Mother's Day. The word that best describes my mother is strong. My mama is not even 5 foot tall, but she's one of the strongest women I know. She has raised five children, including one special needs child. That took an incredible amount of strength to be able to do. And you might not be able to tell by looking at her today, but she's come through some pretty hard trials in life, but she displays her strength so well. And I just want to say, mama, thanks for not killing me when I was a teenager. I love you very much. And I wish you the happiest Mother's Day ever. Thank you, Mom, for homeschooling us and keeping us away from the influences of the public school and all the weirdos that work there. Uh, I know it sounds a struggle, especially with math, but I really appreciate it. Thank you. Especially with reading. Uh, love you, Mom. Happy Mother's Day. Hi, Mom. Just want to take a minute and say happy Mother's Day and thank you for everything you've done and are continuing to do for us. We all love you. Happy Mother. Happy Mother's Day. Hey, Mom. Happy Mother's Day. Um, sure. Love you and I really do appreciate you for all that you do for us and especially for putting up with me and you make the best chicken Alfredo I know. I mean, you make it a lot at events. So, it seems like it's the only thing you know how to make, but it's the best thing you make in my personal opinion. But, I sure do love you. you've taken care of me for this past 19 years and it's been really special to me. Love you. I love you, mama, and you're the best. I love you, mama. You are the best. Mom tell you you're the best. I love you, mama. Happy mother. Mom, I love you. I just want to say I'm thankful for you. I want to say thank you for always not being there for me, not giving up for me. Whenever when I was hitting my rough patches, I want to say thank you for even as an adult, you're always looking out for us and giving me shirts and food and just always making sure that we're taking care of still. I love you and happy Mother's Day. Happy Mother's Day. I love you, mama. Happy Mother's Day, Mom. I just want to say how thankful and appreciative I am for the legacy that you have built through the years of faith and trust in God's word. Uh through your devotion to God and your family, you have eternally impacted all our lives. We are all a product of answered prayers. To this day, I can remember hearing my name in prayer as you wept before God. And not only mine, but all of us siblings and then your grandchildren and then your greatg grandandchildren. And growing up, if you weren't doing chores, which you often were, you were always reading your Bible. And that's never changed. And we are uh we are all a product of your faithfulness to God. And I just pray that we can continue that legacy until Jesus comes. And we we will always be eternally grateful for your stand for Christ and your devotion to this family. I pray that you have a wonderful day. God bless you, Mom. Happy Mother's Day. Thank you for always pushing me to do better. Thank you, Katrina. Happy Mother's Day. Something I've noticed about my mom is that no matter how she's feeling, if she's sick or tired or she doesn't feel like it, she cooks and cleans and takes care of us. And she um organized the exercise class to like bring the ladies for her fellowship. She uh plays pianos all these years and sings um and blesses everybody. Um and she um she lets us keep um the cats. Uh really appreciate my mom. Uh thanks for everything that she's done and you helped us a lot uh getting us going in life and teaching us things, work ethic and stuff like that, getting us through schooling. So really appreciate it and uh uh it's really nice everything that you've done helping on the house and so that me and Rose could get married and things and getting us uh sent off to get started on life. So having a mom like you gets us started on the right foot. Thanks. My mom has really taught me how to enter in the presence of the Lord and stuff and the way that she um like she sings in service, the way that she's like she surreners and she gives her all and um like even when other people don't, she's always like willing to push through. Um I'm super thankful how mama has dedicated her time and effort into everything that she's done. every church function and how she's just taught us how to be servants and taught us just to really help people and stuff. This is Litita. I'm one of Carol Jean's girls. She is strength. She is honor. She is beautiful. She's one of the most helpful women I know. A businesswoman underneath that tough exterior is a gentle, smart, and elegant person. She's God-fearing. She's my prayer warrior. She's my mom. Happy Mother's Day to you. Thank you for this opportunity. A difference my mom did was um there was kids that would come to the house. She would cut their hair and let them spend the night and clean their clothes. always thought it was a little different as a kid, but I know she made a difference in their life. The mom, I appreciate that. I love you very much and happy Mother's Day. Hello. Happy Mother's Day, Mom. I just uh I just want to say I appreciate your willingness to help everyone in the church. Um and I appreciate your testimony and how it's helped me. I'm sure it's helped a lot of people in the church. And uh I think it's pretty cool how you went from being uh in the world and not believing in God really to a Sunday school teacher. And uh I love you. Happy Mother's Day. Love you, mama. Thank you. Sisters and I were discussing what makes our mama unique. And one of the things was that we all agree that she has this quiet strength. And she's probably the meakest redhead that you'll ever meet. But that doesn't mean that she's a pushover. You know, like when it really matters, she will fight for you. And I would even call her a mighty warrior when she's in your corner. And another thing was that we all agreed that she's a nurturer by nature. That she doesn't even have to think about it. She just gives love and comfort and strength to not only her children and grandchildren, but everyone that's around her. She just does it without ever thinking of receiving anything in return. And uh one more quality that we thought was that she's so smart and she's resourceful and she can figure out anything she puts her mind to do. Like she's done she's always helping somebody with something whether it's sewing or gardening or computers or just she doesn't have any limitations on what she can do. And um the last little point is that um that she's a real homemaker and not just in the way that we normally think of it, but in the way that she creates an atmosphere that is warm and welcoming and really makes people feel at home when they're with her. and they kind of chose me to be the little spokesperson um for this. But for on behalf of me and my sisters, I just want to say mom and that we love you and we really don't even know how to express the gratitude and the admiration that we have for you. And we hope you have a wonderful Mother's Day. Wonderful. Are you enjoying yourself so far? You sure love all of you mothers. You love him. Amen. Can you just stand for a minute and help us sing this? God, you're so good to me. God, you're so good to me. You always been so good to me. I'll sing it through eternity. [Music] God, you're so good. God, you're so good to me. You always been so good to me. I'll sing it through eternity. God, you're so good. I'll sing his praises. I'll sing his praises all night long and every day. I stand and worship you. You hold my true God. You're so good to me. You've always been so good to me. I'll sing it through eternity. God, you're so good. Amen. Amen. If I were to choose a word to describe my mom, I think I would choose the word resilient. Uh to be resilient means having the ability to recover quickly and easily from adversity, setbacks or difficulties. being able to adjust to change, withstand stress, and bounce back from challenging situations both emotionally and physically. And I would say that that's my mama in a nutshell. When Jesus was here on earth and he went through all the the struggles and trials and things as a man, he remained the same. And I think I think that's my mama. she um just keeps on loving, giving whether she's hurting, whether she it it she's just the same and I love that about her. One thing that stands out for me is her givingness. Um her selflessness, it seems like she's always willing to do something for somebody, especially her family. Um and us boys, we remember dad always getting upset at mom for cleaning my room when I was living at home. I remember coming home from work, just moving out of the house, coming back home and the house was cleaned, my laundry was washed and folded, there was dishes cleaned, you know, she was just always willing to give. And I never felt unloved by her. She always went up and beyond to make sure that her family, her boys knew that we were loved by her. Mom, I appreciate that. I wouldn't be here today. I wouldn't have the family that I have today if it wasn't for your love, your dedication, your devotion to this family, and most of all to the Lord. So, thank you for all that you've done for us. We sure love you, Mom. Happy Mother's Day. I appreciate you teaching me how to do my little I appreciate you doing school with us. Sus, what do you appreciate and mama? You appreciate mama. Okay. Happy Mother's Day. Happy Mother's Day. And I have such wonderful memories of my mother. And I realize that I'm a little biased, but to me, she was the mother of mothers. My my mom was shy and soft, uh, tender and a bit quiet. But my mother also had a very strong mind and a tough faith about her which made her so resilient and um she wasn't a pushover at all. She stood flatfooted upon her convictions and us kids knew exactly where she stood. You know she was able to withstand adversity. She stood by my dad through many difficulties and and yet she was able to keep her gentleness about her. And I guess that's probably something that has stood out to me and and been something that I have strived for in my adult life. And she was dad's biggest uh supporter in ministry. um whichever way dad the Lord led dad, she was going to back him up in prayer and in praise. And there was not a day that went by that as kids did not know uh mama's love for us. My friends were always welcomed by her. She always took the time to listen to to us siblings and to our friends. She'd listen to anybody. and um prayed with us all. And I I but I think the thing that stands out the most about my mother is is her devotion to God. She was a dedicated prayer warrior. Spent hours of time in prayer. She still stands out in the crowd today. She's just a very graceful lady. Um and she's still the same beautiful, graceful woman that I've known all of my life. And I love her very, very much. Happy Mother's Day, mama. I love you. You done the best. Happy Mother's Day to Betha. Thanks for being the best mother-in-law and loving me like one of your own. Happy Mother's Day, Mom. Thank you for all your patience growing up and your help with my schoolwork projects. I know I forgot to tell you till the last minute most times. Love you. Happy Mother's Day. Happy Mother's Day, Mom. I just wanted to pop on here real quick and say how much I love you and how much we appreciate you and thank you so much um for showing us what a godly mother is to look like. And through your actions, always just showing us how you love us and how a godly mother should be. And we love you and we hope you have a wonderful rest of your Mother's Day. Happy Mother's Day. Happy Mother's Day, Mom. Really appreciate all you do. Um, I just want to thank you for all the times growing up that you show us to work. Remember, you always working at the church as we were little kids and um just really showing us that you don't have to be always in the front line. You can be behind the scenes and still get the work done. Um, but yeah, I just wanted to say happy Mother's Day and we really appreciate you. Hey, Mom. Happy Mother's Day. Love you. Miss you. Wish we could be there with you today. Um, just want to say we appreciate you and thanks for raising us right. Have a good day. Love you. Hi, Grandma. Happy Mother's Day. I love you so, so much. I just want to let you know that I don't know where I would be in life without you. You've always shown me and our boys unconditional love. You're the best grandma I could ever ask for. I love you, Grandma. Here, Manny was my life at the end of the tunnel. She took me to church camp meetings, church meetings, and that's how I used to be the best because she took me places. So, if it wasn't for her, I don't know where I would be today, but I love you aunt Betty. A happy I just want to say thank you to my mom for everything that she's done for us and what she's taught us. Um, she was always a hard worker and she taught me and my sister to be the same way. and everything that she taught us when we were little shaped not just our childhood but also has affected the way that we care for our families today and what we do to provide for our children. And we just want to say thank you and we love you. One thing about a praying mom, life is miserable until you surrender. I love you, Mom. Thanks for never giving up on me. Happy Mother's Day, Mom. I just want to say how much I appreciate you and love you from the depths of my heart. You mean so much to me. Thank you so much for being a role model for me, being a a wife, um a mom, and most of all a good Christian lady. You're you've always just the way you've prayed. I've always wish I could be like that. your prayer life, your unwavering faith. I've just always looked up to you and as they say, you know, that song to be like Jesus, if I could just, you know, I see Jesus in you so much. If I could just be like my mom. So, thank you so much for always being my friend. you've uh always stood by my side and my shopping buddy and bailed me out of so many uh things I get myself into, helping me. So, I sure love you. You mean a lot. I hope you have a good day and I wish I could be there to celebrate you. Hey, and sure do love you and I really do appreciate you. And for these past 19 years, you have brought a sort of antique craziness to my life and I sure do love you for it. And I do remember as kids, we would go to the doughnut shop early in the morning and that was kind of our thing. And I'd sure love some more donuts. But uh this time I'll probably have to take you. But I really do appreciate you and you've been the best ant that you can be and I love you for it. should have this prepared. If you know this this song, just help us uh help us sing it. I believe this is all of our our prayer for you mothers on Mother's Day. Lord bless [Music] you and keep you. Make your face shine upon you and be gracious. Lord turn his face toward you and give you peace. Can you help me sing that now? The Lord bless you. The Lord bless you and keep you and keep you. Make his face make his face shine upon you and be gracious to you. The Lord turn his face toward [Music] you and give you peace. Oh. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. The Lord bless you now. The Lord bless you and keep you. Make his face shine upon you and be gracious to you. The Lord turn his face toward you and give you peace. Amen. And [Music] amen. Amen. Amen. and all men. Amen. Amen. May his favor, May his favor be upon you and a thousand generations and your family and your children and their children and their children. May his favor be upon you and a thousand generations and your family and your children and their children and their children. Amen. And [Music] all men. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. And [Music] amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. And that's our our prayer for you sisters. We've uh we've also we uh we've got a one more video that we want to do. We've asked some of the elders to uh elder sisters if they had a word of u encouragement or some uh some of their u their testimonies or things they'd like to say. And so u we appreciate you you sisters adding to it today. And so Clea, if you wouldn't mind playing that. First, I'd like to tell all my sweet sisters in Christ, happy Mother's Day. You guys are wonderful and great. And I'd like to share a couple experiences that I had being a mother of young children when we were living in Minnesota. And Robbie was five and I had stair steps of course. So I'm tagging along six kids in a snowstorm trying to get home and we got caught in a white out and it became drastic real fast and the temperature was like -60 outside and our car gave out on us and out of my 5-year-old's mouth said, "Mama, we have got to pray." and we stopped and we prayed. And I wasn't even a Christian at that time, but he told me we needed to pray. And we prayed and it wasn't but about 30 minutes, somebody was knocking on the window and it was a rescue squad to pick us up and get us where we're safe. Another experience that um I can remember is I was feeling really bad that I wasn't being a good mom. I wasn't being a perfect mom. I wasn't taking good enough care of my kids. And I was really, really doubting myself. And I had a pediatrician appointment with three of them that were sick at the time. And I was just stressed out, exhausted, tired. And I got to the pediatrician. Of course, we all know when we get our kids all cleaned up, nice and spotless to go to the doctor, by the time they get there, they're filthy. And I got in there and I got back to see the pediatrician and he said something and I just burst into tears. because I was just an imperfect mom and couldn't do nothing right with my children. And he looked at me and he says, "Whose children are these? These are your children. I will give you a key to help you raise these kids." And he says, "Every morning when your children wake up, give them a hug and tell them that you love them and Jesus loves them. And every time they go to bed at night, you give them a hug and tell them that you love them and Jesus loves them. It wasn't long until I was hearing Jesus loves you all through the day and getting hugs for my kids. And that just really boosted me boosted me up. So never get discouraged and keep your heads up. It is tough being a mom, even tougher these days. But the Lord loves you. And if at any time you feel discouraged, turn to one of your sisters in Christ or turn to the Bible and God will give you the wisdom that you need. I would like to start out as saying that the Lord has never ever let me down. He's always been my friend. I've been through a lot of trials, but God has always been right there with me through every trial. You got to learn to totally depend upon the Lord through everything. Through your children, your family, your husband, your walk with God, everything. That's what I did. I just totally leaned on God. I know you all know a lot about Joe and but no one knows the trials that I went through through this hard time with Joe. the times that I didn't know if I would wake up to him being dead or him calling through the night or the police knocking on my door. But God was always faithful. He always always was faithful. Mothers, please love your children. Teach them about God. Read to them. Show them scriptures. Show them the scriptures. Not just read, show them the scriptures in the word, what the Bible says. Let them know how much God loves them and how much God that how real God is. You know, I wish I could have done better than I did with when I my children was younger. I just can't tell you enough through all of my life. I've gone through a lot of things, different things in my life, but I can never say God let me down cuz he never has let me down. God bless you. I'd like to share with mothers a little thought that we think we have to make the biggest difference in our children's lives by doing big things. But really what it comes down to is all the million little things. Little things that you will do and not realize what a difference it makes in that child's life. I've had one of my daughter-in-laws say to me one day about how I listen to her and just let her vent, talk, or whatever. Um, she said her own mother didn't do that. And um, I didn't realize I had actually done that. And pray about everything. Just like you would talk to somebody in your family or your husband, even talk to the Lord like that. And you might say, "Well, I don't have time to be down on my knees praying." No, you have lots of time. Sister Brandham said she would pray ironing while she was ironing. And you know, back in that day, we didn't have permanent press. So, you ironed everything. She would spend that time ironing, praying for people and praying for her husband. And I know myself, you know, I'm going down the road in the car. Um, try not to worry because God can't work with worry. He works with you trusting him. you make your needs known to him and just trust that he's your father and he will hear you and work it all out for your good. When it comes to the children and even like discipline, uh I've had to learn that you got to pick your battles. You can't stress on every little thing. You got to remember you don't want to crush that child's spirit. You don't want to offend their guardian angel. We've all made mistakes. Uh I've made a lot of mistakes and I've told my children already, you know, that I'm sorry. Don't be the parent that's above saying you're sorry to your children about something. Happy Mother's Day, ladies. uh being a mother and a wife was my lifelong dream before it happened and the Lord blessed me with that opportunity and it has been my greatest joy and calling in life even though it has been hard at times. I just wanted to encourage you mothers that even in the hard times God can send you help. When I first got married, my mom moved out of state. And so the Lord provided me with two ladies that helped me tremendously. Merl's aunt Nonnie and my aunt Linda with so I could call to get all my questions answered. And we have a lot of ladies in this church who can answer y'all's questions if you have them. And I also wanted to let you know that no child and no parent is alike. You cannot compare yourself with others. You see all these things on the internet of these perfect families and all the stuff but you do not see the whole picture. It is not true. Everybody has their problems. We just have to trust God that he will give us the ability to deal with our own. I think he designed it that way so we would depend on him. There's no set way. So, we have to depend on him to make the right decisions. But, uh, I wanted y'all to know that you shouldn't be so hard on yourselves. I know it's easy to think that you're not doing this right and that you're a failure. and all this. But God sees your willingness and even if you make mistakes, he can turn those mistakes into good and teach your children lessons for life. And I just wanted to remind y'all that even though it seems hard right now and uh sometimes you think I can't do this or whatever, eventually you will miss those times cuz you won't always have those kids at home. And it's just a major major thing whenever you realize I wish I had that back. that I wanted to wish y'all a happy Mother's Day. Love you all. Have so many stories and references to what the Lord has done for me in my life and my children's lives that um I'd probably have to say if you're interested to come and talk to me about them. But the one that comes to mind right now would be the uh I rely totally on the book of James that's talks about trials and and how to act in trials and how to treat trials because there are building blocks and the story that goes with it for me is um Leita was 12 months old when I was diagnosed with cancer that and they told me I had a here to live. And I kept asking myself, not God, um, how do I watch these three little girls grow up and graduate from school and get married and become moms in a year? So my prayers and my going into the Bible and reading everything that that I could about trials and about prayer was um not for me but for my girls. I relied on prayer so much that that's what I want to tell you young mothers. Pray unceasingly. Pray every day. Pray while you're having good days and bad days and do it all. I just thank God. I thank God for each and every one of you. I love you. God bless you. And I thank you again in Jesus name. Amen. Well, did you enjoy enjoy that today? We are so thankful for the difference that that you mothers make and um and I thought it was special uh putting these this video here together and um we we didn't Sister Clea was worried about it being too long and and uh I said we'll just we'll just break it up with a few songs and I I think it's important to to have it all in there and Um, and I think I I sure appreciate um everyone who has made this possible. I'd like to just speak to you for a a few moments this morning. And um uh Proverbs 31 and 30 says, "Favor is deceitful, beauty is vain, but a woman that fearth the Lord, she shall be praised. give her of the fruit of her hands and let her own works praise her in the gates. And uh as we as as the theme uh for this for the uh today's uh program was is you know making a difference and um I I think that there is there is no one that can make a difference in today's society like a godly mother. And something that is missing in our society are mothers. And um we have I think I think the the women's um liberation movement has has moved the pendulum so far off center that even they are um they are recontemplating things. as you look on the internet and you you read some of these who have who were a part of the feminist movement and and now there are a lot of those that are not mothers. They have uh pushed their career and they have uh really promoted uh you know their achievements and they've left motherhood behind and there are many of them you can find it on the internet. They're they're saying we miss the boat. We we miss the boat. We're old. We don't have a family. Um we we we've at the end of the day, we're not there's nothing there to um to to make us fulfilled. And a lot of these had reached the pinnacle making a lots of money. And so I I I want to say there is there is a it's a calling being a mother. and and the uh someone had had asked one time uh a kid a child was was asking you know how how do you spell mother and and my response was l o v e amen and uh they said that don't spell mother and and uh I said love spells mama mama is the epitome of of love and so it describes our love. And I I I think the most beautiful sight is a man is a mother that's reflecting love to her child because a father is a strong man. He is he is one that is that is uh got to go out and and he's a protector. He's a provider. Amen. He he is uh one that is built with broad shoulders and and he reflects a portion of God. He reflects the determination of God, the leadership of God, the strong characteristics of God. But but when it come to the tenderness of God, when it come to the divine love and the mercies and the compassions, God is is expressed through a woman. God's expressed through those tenderness that that a woman has. And yes, God has it. Amen. In God is expressed through her her tenderness, through her her her tears, her tears of joy, her her courage, her her relentless love and compassion for her family. the the uh what seems to be just a constant uh and and a fulfillment of her calling and and doing it even effortlessly. you know, no, no, no limelight, no big achievement awards, no big paychecks, no uh none of these uh uh things where they, you know, two two week, three week, four-week paid vacation where you take a where you take a break uh from your work. you mothers, there there's there's only one thing that can that can truly express um who you are, and that's love. You you love, you give. It's in a constant basis. Uh I when I go to work in the morning time, I I I'm I'm I'm home at 5 6 o'lock. Amen. And I don't I don't want to bring the work home with me. I want to come home and I want to I I I'm leaving the job. I'm coming home. I I I want to be free of that. But a mother, uh uh uh it's it's day and night. And I I I want you children. I I know there's a lot of uh families there there's families that are missing here today, but and and children, but I you you children that are here, how blessed you are to have a mother, a mother that's that's there uh in your night times when you're sick or when you're having a bad dream or everything about you. Amen. mother is involved in so many areas and I think that we need to uh uh love and appreciate our mothers. Can I hear an amen? I I think you I think you brothers ought to appreciate your wives. Amen. The the the love that your wife has had because your your your wife, Amen, she's really the backbone of your family. She's the magnet. He's the glue that keeps that family together. Um even even in the um um e even as as as you get older like my mother and father, my mother is still a magnet to all of us siblings and to our our grandchildren and and and it and it's something that God has specifically put and it's hard to do. And this is where the feminist movement has has missed the boat because they've taken they've taken the the the the true energy away from the family when they have taken the woman out of the home and and put her in the workplace because it's the family it's the family that really matters. Jobs are going to come and go. Amen. and and and you know 20 years from now um our robots may be doing all of the jobs. And so uh we but we we want we we the the family can only exist as long as there's motherhood. Nobody can take that place. Nobody can take your place. I I uh I heard a story uh or I read a story and I thought it was cute. An elementary school teacher had been teaching the children on magnets and and uh and the positive and negative ends of a magnets, you know, and and and how it picks things up and and it's the force inside a magnet to pick things up and and it's spelled with six letters, you know. And so, uh, after a while, the teacher wanted to give the students a test and and so she she threw in a little questions and he says, she says, "Spell something that that has six letters, starts with an M, and picks things up." And and 50% of the class wrote mother. Amen. Now, now she was looking for magnet, but 50% of the class wrote mother. It's it's something that that you are doing. I I read a statistic um uh you know or the on stay-at-home moms and and how they come up with with with their um uh their numbers, I don't know, but they they say that the the stay-at-home mom works over 96 hours per week. and um she's chef, housekeeper, nurse, custodian, teacher, financial manager, and million other things. And they said if she was fairly compensated for her labors, she would make at least in in today's in today's wages, she would wake at a minimum $119,000 per year if a mother was compensated. So, uh, I I I want to I just want to say you you uh you you brothers are getting off pretty uh Amen. You're getting off pretty pretty good. Amen. So, you mothers are important. Amen. Mothers are important. I think I think days like this here and and just having a you know uh a days where we where we honor you mothers is important. And we we put these days aside because we want you to know we genuinely love every one of you women in our church. I thank God for every one of you sisters in our church. Amen. The the the prophet would say the backbone of any nation is womanhood. And when it comes down to morals, you break motherhood, you've broke your nation. motherhood broken, you might as well just fold up. And all of the other nations have done it. And ours is no exception. Motherhood is a must. Womanhood is a must. Can you say amen? Amen. So, as we look, I I think that that brothers, it's important that we invest into our ladies and not just invest into our ladies on a on on special days like Mother's Day or their birthday, but it's important that we invest into our ladies on a daily basis. Amen. Now, remember, you're leaving at 6:00 and getting home at 5:00. Amen. And and and your wife has more than likely got your lunch together or or sent you off or Amen. Um uh and if she's really good to you, she might she might even fix your breakfast. Amen. Uh uh but you know but you've got your uh but but you know it won't be another hour or two and and she'll be up and uh and the kids will make sure that she's up and and and they're going to need to be fed and they're going to need to to be dressed and they're all going to need to have their schooling and and there's going to be activities throughout the day and and and and mama is I listen I I have tried Right. I love kids and I, you know, I I love having kids around, but there are sometimes these kids get on my nerves and I'm so glad they've got mamas. Amen. And uh uh but but the the these mamas have no other place to go. They they they are there 100% 24 hours a day, 365 days out of the year with those children. Amen. Can I can I get any uh part class participation from you mothers? Amen. Yes. Yes. And it gets worrisome. It gets it gets worrisome because Amen. Now dad now how you know listen I'm not one of those guys that Amen. Uh uh you know that that believes dads should be belittled. I I want to tell you we we need the dads. But this ain't Father's Day. This is Mother's Day. Amen. and and mothers standing men. If you've got women that are loving you and that are training your children, you should never lose your affection for that woman. Amen. Now, you you don't always feel pretty. She don't always feel Listen, Amen. with those kids chasing her and running her all over the place and and she's trying to keep up with them and this one's breaking and that one's got a diaper and and this teenager's mouthing her and we've got every other thing going on all over the place. She needs to know that she's got some backup when you get home. She needs to know that dad is in her corner. Can I hear an amen? Amen. Women are the weaker vessel. They are Amen. They they are that one that has been called to nurture and strengthen your children and to teach your children. But you men must never ever forget that once she has spent all of her love and it and and and and she has given out of her love tank over and over and over, that love tank's got to be filled back up. Love. Well, hallelujah. Now, I know this is a program type deal here, but now I'm preaching, so y'all can say amen or me or something. Amen. So, so we we we we got to have that love tank filled up. And I just want to tell you, Amen. Whether whether whether your children have moved out or whether you don't have children yet, listen. Amen. If you want a a a a beautiful wife that is thankful and lovely and pretty and smiling, you just got to remember it doesn't take too much, Amen. to put a little bit of uh of love in her love tank and let her know, amen, that she's beautiful. You tell her, "I appreciate you." Amen. Take her out to eat occasionally where she wants to go and not where you want to go. And and and and love her. You You don't know. It doesn't take just a whole lot for these women. I I know the women of this church. Amen. The these girls love you. They love their families. They love their husbands. And they have devoted their entire life to you. To you children and to you husbands. They they are not out chasing the dollar. They're not out chasing careers. They are here. Their life is you. Amen. They they're not your kids aren't sent off to to to to uh uh daycare every day. And you're not and and you're not having to go out and do this and the other. You are blessed. And I want to say once again, brothers, investing love back into your family is important. Amen. I found as a young man, amen, that I can make my wife bitter and I can make my wife lovely and I've done many things. I've acted many ways that that have hurt her, scarred her and and and have even she's fought bitterness from the guy that really does love her. And the reason why is because this numb skull here thought that I just knew how to handle it all and I wasn't trying to think the thoughts of a woman. Hallelujah. It's dangerous going there. It is dangerous. But I am saying sometimes you've got to walk in your wife's footsteps. You've got to try to think her thoughts. And if you understand her, at least put your heart out there to understand her, you're you're going to have a woman, a man, who who is who who is smiling and who loves you and who is giving back to you and she'll Well, praise the Lord. Can you say amen? Hallelujah. Now, I know I know some men that is just constantly putting their wives down. I I know them. I mean, they're just constantly she's just this and and and you don't see her his wife smiling to very often. I I I I've seen those guys that those Amen. And and and I' and I've tried to pull them off to the side and some of them are elders. And I've tried to tell them, listen, if you want your girl to smile, you're going to have to crit quit your criticizing your girl and let her know that you're glad to have you her as your helpmate. Hallelujah. Now y'all's wishing I would have just followed my script but I just decided to preach. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. So giving w giving the honor to your wife. The scripture says amen. Uh uh wives love your husbands. Amen. And and husbands honor. Give that honor that love that nurture back to your wife. It's important. If we want the children, if we want our children to be satisfied and healthy, they need mamas. If we want mamas to be healthy, they need husbands that are on their side. Ain't chasing girls, ain't looking at pornography, ain't going out there chasing skirts. These are men that love their wives and their wives know that they are everything to them. Amen. Now, I know there's a lot of temptations out there. Hallelujah. There's a lot of temptations out there. There there's a lot of those hussies out there that that that want to split the marriage up and to steal the affection of you husbands. But I say in the name of the Lord, if you don't understand the importance of your family and the importance of your wife, you could lose your children because of it. We don't want to lose our children to the world or to hell. We want to raise them in the fear of the Lord. And I want to tell you, amen, the one that stops between them many, many, many, most of the time is going to be your woman. She's the one that's with them. Amen. Brother Brandham said he was given he's given a little story. He said, "I just talking a few moments ago to a young lady is discouraged, heartbroken. I was trying to tell her uh that that a a woman and a man are not separated. They're the self-same person. God made man both male and female. He was man. That's right. He separated them in the flesh and made them difference but joined them together in raising their children as one. So the man the mer the burly and the to and the woman is the love part of man. So they are together. God separated them but they are both the same person. M a n uh and and woman is called womb. Woman. Amen. That that's right. You know that because she was taken from man. She is a part of man. In in in life here in flesh they are separate but in spirit they are one. Was talking about men losing their affection for their wife and don't love them as they did when they were sweethearts. Shame on you. You ought to do it. She's always to be your sweetheart. Well, am I are we doing all right here? Hallelujah. Have I still got an audience here? Amen. She's always to be your sweetheart. Amen. Amen. Now, he said, "Absolutely. That's the part she should be. And you should treat her like that." Oh, never let that little honeymoon cease cuz it isn't going to in heaven going to be just perfectly. Amen. And so I I want to say I I want to have heaven here on earth. I got to tell you, I got to tell you, my wife, Amen, doesn't wear the the same size clothes she wore when we got married. Amen. And I don't wear my hair the way I did when she married me. Amen. And and uh uh there's a lot of things that have changed, but I tell you what, she is more beautiful today than than I I I love her more and think she's more beautiful today than the day that I met her. Yes, sir. You say, "Wow." Amen. Hallelujah. I I heard I heard an old man say one time, he said, "Those young men, they're they're looking for the you know, you boys probably don't remember it, but they, you know, the the old 16o Coke bottles." Amen. They were He says, "The the teenagers are looking for the 16 ounce Coke bottles." And he he says, Perry Green has said this, but so I guess it's okay to repeat it. He says, "I don't see nothing wrong with a 2L myself." Amen. Hallelujah. And uh there's more in the 2 liter bottles than there is the 16 ounce. And and you you get your Well, praise the Lord. You get your you get yourself Amen. Uh uh you quenches your thirst. And so you're going to find out that as I if you've got a spirit on you that's chasing these girls around all the time and you're chasing forms and figures, you you don't you're not going to realize it. You're stuck on that internet. You're looking at those magazines. You're doing things that Amen. And and you're trying to to to satisfy that demon that's got a hold of you. And it is a demon that's got a hold of you looking at those neck neaked women out there. And you've got a wife that's trying to please you and please your and please your family and raise them in the ways of the Lord. You're going to find out you're going to get old. Amen. What What is a What is a 55y old man got looking at those evil I don't know why I'm going here, but here I am going at those evil filthy hussies out there. Amen. And and you're a 55year-old man looking at a woman that that is that that that may be in the prime of her life and there's no telling how many abortions that woman has had. There's no telling how many souls, millions of of souls has been sent to hell because of that woman. And if you look in the mirror, you've got this fat gut and you're losing your teeth and you want your wife to keep on loving you. Hallelujah. So, I would say right now, don't pet the demon while your boys are young. Don't even start looking at that junk while you're young. Don't Don't even start when when a when a when a woman when when she marries you, she should never have to worry about you being about you h you you comparing her with some filthy woman outside there. And I'm here to tell you, I know this is a woman's world, and I know that's the way societyy's built. But I want to tell you, the kingdom of God is built for family. God invented the family. He created a man. He created a woman. And he blessed them with children. And if you want to be blessed, if you want to thrive, if you want to survive in this society, love your husbands and love your wives and raise your children to do the same. Well, can you say amen? Raise your children to do the same. Love them. love your wives. Amen. And and uh uh uh you you don't you know sometimes some some I wish I could say that I I've always been uh you know ne never never hurt my wife's feelings or never said something to hurt her. But I want to tell you when I do hurt her I I I want that girl to know that I'm sorry. I I want her to know that I love her. I I want and she does the same way for me. Amen. if she if if she feels like she she's hurt me in some way, my my wife will come and and and now she ain't as quite as quick as I am to do it. But man, it might take her a month or or no, I mean a couple days, but my but but she she's uh Can I hear an amen from any of you? Anyone ever have that problem? Amen. So So we we but we it doesn't matter. She's natured one way. I'm natured one way. And we have got to work together because family is the greatest institution on God's green earth. Apple is not the greatest institution. Amen. Prime and and and and whatever else out there Amazon is not the greatest institution. The greatest institution on earth is family. Amen. Amen. Now our theme this year is making a difference. The word difference is a point or way in which people or things are not the same. It's the state or condition of being dissimilar or unlike in Leosa our age where Christ has been pushed totally out of the church. If there is ever a people who makes a gender who's making a difference, that's you women. It's the thing that psychologists and and and great men have looked at and they're looking behind and they're seeing a lot of they're seeing a lot of things. uh uh and and and and looking at starting back from the 60s, the 50s and the 60s and coming all the way this way, the the the transition that has taken place from the family of back in those uh in that era to this family life that we have now. And and it is it's an incredible thing. And I and I want to just add this and I I I I I hope I hope I'm okay here this morning. Not not going to hold you just real long, but but I want you to I want you to think about this. Amen. You when you're throwing yourself in you you you you ladies, there are spirits that want that are out there to drive these women. Amen. To to keep the family from functioning the way God wanted it. That's just the truth. And so a woman that is standing in her place to stand behind her man, to love her children, I it's not an easy task. There are spirits that are there to fight you and to hinder you. But I want to tell you what you're doing. You're saving your your kids from the effects of the of this neurotic age. Now, I don't have time to go through all these statistics, but the statistic says a child that is raised in daycare compared to the child that is raised by a a a mama at home, it's out of this roof. Now, you think your kids are crazy right now. Hallelujah. Amen. And mas do think their kids are crazy sometimes. Amen. But but if you think that right now, what would happen if they had been in daycare? Amen. Now listen, what you are doing, you're making a difference. Amen. What you are doing, you are showing this next generation how they can win if they will do what is right. I am not an advocate for a mother to be out in the workplace. I've never been an advocate of that. I am not an advocate of that. Now, in order for that for for for you to have someone says, "Well, that's just impossible in these days. It's it's too expensive. We got to have man and woman." Amen. Not if you keep your taste, right? You don't have to have a boat and a four-wheeler and and golf all the time and and have every rifle known to mankind. You can live simple. so that your girl can take care of those children. Can I hear an amen? That's right. It's Go back and look. Go back and look. Go back and look at the curse. Go back and look at the covenants. It God did not say to Eve, "You're going to have to work by the sweat of your brow." He looked to He looked to the woman. He says, "Because of the sin that you have committed, you are going to travail in birth with pain." He looked to the man. Because of your sin, you're going to have to work by the sweat of your brow, and you're going to have to labor for your family. Right. Well, praise the Lord. So, these these men that don't want to work, Amen. You big bum. Get out there and work. I don't care what life is doing for you. Get out there and provide for your family. Good job, brother Wendle. Amen. Love your family. Fight for your family. Protect your family. And get out and provide for your family. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. I will show you this. I will share this statistic with you. Did you know that 71% of the women that are in the workplace, everyone say 71% of all the women in the workplace have children under the age of 18 at home. 71% that's nearly three4ers of all women that are working in the workplace have children at home under the age of 18. That's what the poll said. Now also this poll showed that the daughters of working mothers are more likely to advance in their own careers instead of having a family. And the sons of working mamas tend to choose an employed spouse. You say now what does this got to do with us? We are raising the next generation. Now, how do these how do these generations go? Let's see. I I know we are we are we are in we are Zen. What what's this? What's this generation? Zen I know there's a Gen X. There's a Huh? Gen Z. This is the Gen Z. Okay. All right. Hallelujah. I've got another statistic. Just hang on to just hang on. This is going to get good. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. There's there's there's the Oh, where's it at? Where's it at? I I've been I'm skipping around and now I'm trying to find where I'm at. Hallelujah. 70% of the Gen X claimed to be religious. Now, this was not this was not Christian. This was just some form of religion. Gen X. Who? We're Gen Z. Okay. Gen Gen Gen X would be me, right? Am I the Gen X or am I the millennial? That's me. Amen. Gen X Gen X had 70% who claimed to be religious. Gen Z. Well, who is Gen Z? That's okay. All right. Gen Z's now watch ZX 70% Gen Z's are 45% claiming to be religious. They are saying that the United States is no longer a Christian nation. Not because a preacher like me is saying they're just sin and filthy and they're all going to hell. That's what they are saying in the polls. We don't want God. We don't want his word. We don't want to adhere to the things that God has said. Where has the failure come? Because family has been broke down. And that that that that woman or man, boy that is that is watching your children out there. They don't care about that kid. Not like you do. They're not passing her the godly values down. And if you don't care about those godly values and you're caring more about your boat and you're car and I I I don't I'm saying boat. I don't know. I don't think any of us got a boat in here. Hallelujah. But I'm just I'm just And you you want your boat and you want and a woman don't want to stay home and take care of her man and she don't want to uh take care of her children and she wants to go out there and and and take on a man's place. And yes, you are taking on a man's place because I just showed you in the scripture that the man is to work by the sweat of his brow and the woman is to be a housemaker. That was the covenant in the garden. Good job, brother Wendle. Keep it up. I think I will. Amen. So, we've got daughters of working mamas who are saying, "We're going to follow. We're going to do that. Yeah, we'll have kids, but but Amen. We'll let someone else take care of our responsibilities." Do you see how important you are, mamas? Do you see how important it is? I know you get tired. My daughter-in-law Tina wrote something uh to my wife the other day and she didn't know that this was going to to she was going to be famous today, but this was her text. So, I had a pretty rough day today. Lol. Micah had an ENT appointment this morning, so had to hurry and get there to Still Water. Was running a tad late. Was going 40 and a 30 and got pulled over. Thankfully, the cops were nice and no ticket. Then went to Walmart to get groceries and had over $100 in wick and stuff and my wick card wouldn't work. Had to sit and figure it out with four kids that were just done shopping. You can imagine all the stairs I got. Lol. So, I finally got it figured out and had to rescan all of my groceries myself. Get to the van and my tire was flat as a pancake. Well, at this point, I felt I feel like crying. I went to the closest air pump, and that's $2.50 for air. After all that, feeling defeated, I look over and see this cup just randomly sitting in the bushes. Nothing in it. And she sent this she sent this picture as just this this this cup just sitting out there in in the bushes. Best mom. The best mom. Did Can Can y'all see I I If that If that wasn't a godsend, that that wasn't a godsend for you. God God letting God letting mama know. Didn't even have anything in it. But God just letting God just letting mama know that that I love you, girl. This is her. This This is the one who had it. quit speeding. Amen. And uh did y'all do y'all see that? Isn't that now Now that that was God that was God just letting her know right there in the bushes? Just just right there in the bushes. And God letting mama know that, hey, everything's going to be all right. You boys want to see that? Hallelujah. Amen. So I I I and I want to tell you if the Lord didn't give you that that that that that cup, I I I think your husband would have told you, you're a good mama. Amen. I know Caleb and he loves his girl. And and I want to tell you uh to my daughter-in-law, you're a good mama. Matter of fact, I want to say to all of my daughters-in-law, I've got the best daughters-in-laws in all the world. Amen. They're good mothers. They're good mothers. They're good to their husbands. They're good to their children. And and and I I say God bless every one of them. Can you say amen? So making a difference. Amen. Now I I I'm going to I'm going to close this down right now. Amen. If you don't realize how how precious you are making a difference in our culture is means contrast. It means distinctness. To make no difference, amen. To make no difference, the dictionary says, is to have no effect on a person or situation. Full of apathy. You're in a state of not caring. The passion is missing or is being suppressed. The average, you're just the average run-of-the-mill. Amen. But I want to say let's look to the very goodness of the Lord that he has given us. You sisters are are are the ones that teach them about the Lord. Your selfless giving of yourself to your to of yourself to your children to your husband to the community and especially to the household of faith. And I when I say the household of faith, the scripture says to be good to the household of faith and and to to honor them. And the way that you love, you are showing them that eternal life is a dying to yourself and a living for others. Amen. The only thing you will take with you is what you do for Christ. Sister April, the only thing that you're going to take with you is your family. Not your riches, not not not your looks, not not not your prestige. The only thing you get is your family. And I bet that's the only thing you want is your family to be in eternity with you. That's all we get. We're not taking our tractors. We're not taking our houses. We're not taking our trucks. The only thing we're taking on the other side, folks. Not your millions, not your bank account. The only thing you're taking with you is the ones that you chose to invest in. your family. Today, Christianity has become selfish. There's really not much of a difference. Brother Brandon would say, "There ain't no one that'll just walk across the street and go help a neighbor anymore. Not without wanting to be paid." There's no one that wants to reach out a helping hand to someone that's in need. But a mother gives and gives and gives. I have a couple of scriptures here that I want to read to you and then and then I promise I'm closing. 2 Corinthians 12:15. The Apostle Paul says, "I will gladly spend and be spent for you." Though the more abundantly I love you, the less I be loved. Sometimes you feel that way. I have spent. I will be spent. I will give of myself because I have found this in Christ. I don't want nothing in return. All I want is to give of myself. I want to fulfill a need. And you ladies show that in the way that you live. I I I love this. 1 Corinthians 16 and 15. He says, "I beseech you, brethren, you know the house of Stfanis that are the first fruits of Ai or they're the first believers that they have addicted themselves to the ministry of the saints. ministry Jesus said or or the the brother brother Brandham says the first thing I want to say is Jesus never lived for himself his life was spent for others that's perfectly eternal life and when you say you go to church and you do good things that's fine but when you live your life to yourself you haven't eternal life eternal life is living for others it proved it when he it come as the lamb of God. He lived and had eternal life because he did not live for himself. He lived for others. And you receive eternal life by receiving that day at Calvary. You don't live for yourself anymore. You live for others. I want to say as you are living for others, you're having an effect upon them. You're making that difference. If there's some mamas that feel like sister Leah, well, all of these all of these elder ladies that that that that gave the these these ladies aren't talking out of off of a script. They were talking from their heart. Every mama feels like she's worthless a lots of times. A lot of mamas feel like they've missed the mark. Hey, I'm I'm I'm a 55 year old man and I've fixing to have 12 grandkids. Got 10 of them and two more on the way. And I've got some other kids in here that I claim to be mine. Y'all call me Poppy. But I still look back from time to time and I think I could have been a better daddy. I could have been a better. But I want to tell you, if you've taught your children to love the Lord and you're teaching your children to love the Lord and you fail and you're willing to say, "Mama was wrong. I'm not condoning what you have done, but I maybe I've overreacted or maybe I've maybe you heard me or seen me or but I want you to know that I've asked the Lord to forgive me and I want you to forgive me. What are you teaching those boys and girls? You're teaching them what grace really is about. You're teaching your children. You're not always going to hit the mark, but there's always plenty of blood and there's always plenty of forgiveness. and God will always bring us back. But you're teaching them that your desire is to live for others. When you're bringing them to church, when you're bringing them when when you're when you're bringing someone's in need and and they're and they they are needing help and you bring your children over there as as as so many of you do and you you you just jump in and you're helping and you're giving, you're teaching them that Christianity is living for others. You're teaching them, and I we could just go on and on and on. You're teaching them the value that you are placing on brothers, on sisters, and when they get to that age, they'll have no problem identifying who they're associated with. They'll have no problem raising their children right in the ways of the Lord. There won't be questioning, won't be fighting, won't be none of that stuff. They're going to be right there together. And you know what's done? 90% of it. It's a godly woman. I say God richly bless you sisters today. If the musicians would come, those who make a difference. I believe it was sister Karen on here that says it's not doing big things. You might feel like, oh, I mean, I I wish I could do big things. Sometimes you look over to this other woman. She's got a personality that's out of this world and she attracts everyone and everyone's, "Oh my, oh my, sister so and so. She can get it done. Hey, if you need anything, go sister so and so." And sometimes you other sisters are saying, "Man, I try." Oh, wow. Hi you. Right. But the Apostle Paul says it's not wise to compare one another with each other. I don't ever remember my mother raising hammering a nail and she might have put pictures in the wall. I don't I don't remember my mother ever. I don't know. I don't remember even mowing the lawn. She might have. She has. I I don't remember those kinds of of things. But what I will say about my mother is dog gone it, she loved us kids. She prayed for us kids. So you you might not be handy with a skill stall and you might not be handy with maybe you're not even a decorator. But a decorator doesn't mean doesn't make you a homemaker. Decorations don't make you homemaker. The paint on the wall doesn't make you something special. Your furniture doesn't make you. What makes you a homemaker is you're a lady at heart. And I'm talking to you ladies and I'm saying that your families would not be who they are today if it had not been for your choice to love your families and to be homemakers. I'd like I I we've done this before and and I I understand that. And I know it's getting late, but we don't have a service tonight. And besides, you need all the lines to be out at your favorite eating place anyway, so that you won't have have to wait in line forever. I I'd like to have all of you mamas to come up to the front. I I I'd like to I'd like to have an honor line. You you mothers come up to the front then and just stand up up here to the front and let let us daddies children come up and shake your hands. You knew it was coming. But I I I I wanted to do a good job for y'all today. I I I hope you girls know where my heart is. And I'm trying to express the hearts of your your husbands. That's right. And y'all y'all just go and form a line on o on on around here in front and that way cuz I'm going to we're going to start a line in here. Y'all just bring your line right on together here. Any other mothers? Amen. Hallelujah. Aren't these just some beautiful ladies? They're not just beautiful. They're gorgeous. They're wonderful sisters. They're your mothers. They're your wives. If if I could get you brothers. Now, we we've got something special for you you ladies. And when y'all exit here in a minute, if y'all don't mind exiting back this way here, and we're going to give them to you as you're leaving. So So do you mind doing that, brother? And we'll just we'll just bring that right over here. And then uh what what [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. How many loves our Sunday school teacher? We appreciate Sister Stephanie. All of you kids, all of you Sunday school kids that's in Sister Stephanie's class, go back to the back right now. And then you brothers that would like to uh we're just going to form a line right over here. And I just want you to come and shake these ladies hands. This this is this is not the hall of shame. This is the hall of honor right here. This we we're honoring these precious ladies in our lives. And u I figured you you young boys would be the first to jump up there and let but all right. Come on. Let's not be shy. Amen. Kobe, go ahead and and sing there. Thank you for giving to the Lord. I am the life that was changed. Thank you for You've got wonderful mothers. We thank God for you mothers. So glad you gave. Sorry for making you lose your place. Thank you for giving to the Lord. I am alive that will change. [Music] Thank you for giving to the Lord. I am so glad you gave. We love you, mothers. Thank you. This is a woman's world. You could be out making money. You could be out doing careers, but you've chosen to love your husbands. I am the light. You've chosen to raise your children to love God. You're not part of that 40%. [Music] Your children are not part of that 60 70% who does not know or is not caring about God. You're blessed. Your families are blessed. Giving to the [Music] Lord. I am alive that was changed. Hallelujah. The term with a difference is having a new or unusual feature or treatment in this age. There's a there's a family with a difference. There's a church with a difference. There are children with a difference. Because mama has chosen to give into the Lord. [Music] I am alive. That was J. Thank you. Oh, let your mama know. Be earnest. Let your wife know. Be earnest about it. I am so glad. We thank you mothers. God bless you. Oh, thank you for giving to the Lord. I am a life that was changed. Thank you for giving to the Lord. I am so glad you gave. Just want to say thank you for giving to the Lord. I am alive. that was changed. Oh, thank you. Thank you. Thank you for giving to the Lord. [Music] I am so glad you gave. [Music] Oh, thank you for giving to the Lord. I am alive. Good job. Well, thank you. Sure. Love you. Oh, thank you. Thank you for giving to the Lord. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey. [Music] So glad you [Music] gave. Oh, thank you for giving to the Lord. I'm alive that was changed. [Music] Thank you for giving to the [Music] Lord. I am so glad you gave. Thank you for giving to the Lord. I am alive that was changed. Thank you for giving to the Lord. I am so glad you gave. I just want to say thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks. for all you have [Music] done. I am so blessed. My soul has found it. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. Can we go up? I just want to say thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you have done. Oh, I am so blessed. My soul has found this. Oh Lord, I give you thank. I just want to say thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you have [Music] done. I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you faith. [Music] I just want to say thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you have done. Oh, I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. I just want to say thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you have [Music] done. Oh, I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you thank. I'm loving [Music] you. Every [Music] day I'm loving you more. every day. Oh yes. The more I know pretty good mamas, don't we? I just want to show [Music] you more every day. [Music] I'm loving you more every [Music] day. I'm loving you more every day. [Music] Oh, I know you. I just want to show you. I'm loving you more every day. [Music] Oh, all together now. I'm loving you, Lord. Oh, bless the Lord. Bless the Lord. I'm loving you more every day. the more I know you. I just want to show you I'm loving you, Lord, every day. Yes, I'm loving you more. every day. Hallelujah. I'm loving you more every day. Hallelujah. for the more I know you. I just want to show you I'm loving you more every day. Yeah. I'm loving loving you and loving you more every day. It's because mama planted something in my heart loving you more every day. Oh, I'm a born. I know you. I just want to show you I love [Music] you everything. Just want to say thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks. Thanks for all you have done. My soul rest. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. Yeah. I just want to say thank you. Thank you. I give you thanks for all everything you've done. I am so blessed. Yeah, my soul. Oh Lord, I give Hallelujah. We can sing it with conviction now. Thanks Thanks. I give you thanks for everything you've done. I am so blessed my [Music] soul. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. all together now as a congregation. Thanks. Thank you. I give. Thank you, Lord, for all. You've been so good. You've been so good to me, Lord. I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you [Music] thanks. If this generation is [Music] different, it'll be because somebody made a difference. When you see children coming and sitting in church and loving God, tears streaming down their face when the presence of the Lord is moving. It's because there's somebody at home teaching those children to be receptive to his [Music] presence. Oh, good day. I want y'all to leave this building knowing that you're making a difference. [Music] Now listen, brother Brandham said, he made the prophecy. He said, "When the pope comes from out of the when when they bring in a pope from out of the United States, lift up your head." The council of churches will come together under that [Music] head. They'll form that image to the beast. But you and I are going in a rapture. And here we've got a generation that wants nothing to do with God because of the feminist movement that have rejected her role in this and the scripture and in her family. Don't get tired. Don't get weary. We're living in this world, but we're not of this world. Rapture time is upon us. Love your husbands. Love your children. Husbands, love your wife and your family. The rapture is upon us. They were saying they were saying all all of the every everyone was saying. Now, we've known that prophecy. We've known that prophecy that there would come a a a pope out of the United States. And so every time a pope would come, we would say, "Huh, maybe." But you you you go back and just anyone that was that whoever they were interviewing, all of the big dogs, all of the all of the guys in the know said, "No, it won't come out of the United States. No, this can't come because that superpower and we've got this and we got no there's there there was no one in the United States that is favored." But then after a day in the conclave and one of the bishops that came out, the cardinals that came out of there said it was like an anointing. There was like a pres. It was just like it was God doing it. And I'm saying, "Yeah, God's fulfilling his prophecy. God done told us back in 1954 through brother Brandham that there would come a pope out of the United States." And when this happens to begin to look We have got we have got a president in the White House now. That is he's he's he's going to do his convictions. And there's one thing that he is he is out to do. He is out to make sure Christianity is is on the up and up. Make sure that he's going to protect the Christians. Is that not what constantine done? Did not Constantine do that? Yes. Constantine in he stopped the he stopped all of the the the the the persecution to the Christians. And Constantine he says he says I'm I'm going to give religious I'm going to fight for the Christians. And then what after after a while what did he end up doing? He was fighting for certain Christians. They had to belong to this certain church. They had to belong to this. And then that there started the cru uh the the the the persecution of 68 million believers. Constantine doing a good deed. It was the heathen that was persecuting us. But now after Constantine, it was the state that was going to make sure the Bible says. The Bible says there will come a time where you won't be able to buy or sell, right? You won't be able to do any of that without the mark of that beast. We've got a president who is willing to fight. We have now got a pope from the United States. I wouldn't doubt one minute that those guys don't just claim just ex come together just as as Revelations the 13th chapter said would happen. Yes. Are we that close? I don't know. We got us a pope in out of the state, out of the United States. We got a president that he don't care. He's going to he's going to do what he thinks is right. Mama, there's a reason that Satan fights you so hard. Daddies, there's a reason Satan fights you so hard. I believe with all of my heart that there were people in this building I I believe there could be all of us in this building here tonight that won't see death before the rapture. I believe that we've got those I am so convinced that we are that close. Aren't you glad that God sent us a prophet to show us these things? Keep our skirts clean, our garments clean. Let's let's let's let's stay righteous before God and your righteousness, your abilities as filthy rags. So don't don't don't lean on your good works. We're resting solely in the blood of the Lord Jesus Christ. Boys and girls, listen to mom and daddy. Mas and daddies, love God with all of your heart. coming a time here real soon. The next one of these days, we'll step into another dimension. And Len Poppy's not going to be fat and [Music] bald-headed. Hallelujah. And you're not going to be a a a short girl neither. You're going you're going to be 18, 20, 22, somewhere in there. Well, you might still be short, but Sorry. Amen. That is not a good topic. Amen. I was in a grocery store with my with my Len the other day and she was saying something to me and I was at the counter and I said, "Oh, I'm sorry. I just overlooked you." And I've been making those little quips. So, she's and uh this girl behind us, she says, "That is hurting her feelings." And you I said, "I'm sorry." Amen. But uh let's stand to our feet. Let's be ready for the coming of the Lord. How many's ready for his coming? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Want to say it's so good to have my mother and father back home. Amen. We miss them. And uh so glad to see them. And uh just pray God God blesses them and renews their strength from that long trip. And uh once again, it's good to have brother Ronnie, sister Linda with us. So good to have y'all on Mother's Day. [Music] Amen. Good to see Bosow. Good to have you today. Amen. So wonderful. Praise the Lord. Father, we want to thank you today for your love and your blessings. We just ask Lord that your Holy Spirit would go with these precious families. Lord, that this anointing that we have felt here in the church service today, let it go with every one of these mothers. Lord, let your angel be close to them. I pray Lord that you will just satisfy their every need. Meet them, Lord. Encourage them. Bless them. Give them health and strength. Open their prayer line, Lord, to where they can feel your presence when they're praying. Lord Jesus, be with these precious ladies. Now, Lord, I just ask that you would be with us in all of our activities as we as we separate. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. And amen. Sister Brianna is going to be outside there uh with her phone or her camera for anyone who who still needs to have your picture taken. So, if anyone needs want your picture taken uh out outside there, she said there was a few of you that that didn't make it in time. And so, your um um any of you families that would want to do that, she said she does not mind. Praise the Lord. All right, y'all have a wonderful day. The service tonight's going to be dismissed and uh we just pray God's blessings upon you. Amen. What are we going to dismiss with, brother Kobe? Wherever I go, I'll praise him wherever I can. I'll praise him for his love surrounds me like a sea. How you're dismissed in the fear of the Lord. Shake your neighbor's hand as you're as you're exiting the auditorium. We love you for the name of Jesus lifted me. [Music] Wherever I go, I'll praise him. Ever I can I'll praise him for his love surrounds me like a sea. I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up that holy name of Jesus. for the name of Jesus
