################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-04 - 2025-05-04 Bro Miguel Gonzalez Fellowship With Him - Miguel Gonzalez.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-04
Title:    2025-05-04 Bro Miguel Gonzalez "Fellowship With Him"
Speaker:  Miguel Gonzalez
Church:   New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 15m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JJgtNLTmXk8
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
He's holding me every day. I see. He's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. He's guiding me constantly, giving me [Music] victory. Yes, he's a reality. Something keeps holding me. Something keeps holding me every day. I see helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. He's guiding me constantly and giving me [Music] victory. He's a reality. Something keeps holding me. He's a reality. Jesus is holding me. [Music] the [Music] beginning with God the Lord most high your hidden glory in creation revealed in you our Christ. What a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ, my king. What a beautiful name it is. Nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is. That name of Jesus. You didn't want heaven without us. So Jesus, you brought heaven down. My sin was great. Your love was greater. What could separate us now? What a wonderful name it is. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ, our king. What a wonderful name it is. Nothing compares to this. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus. You didn't want heaven without us. So Jesus, you brought heaven down. My sin was great. Your love was greater. So what could separate us now? What a wonderful name it is. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a wonderful name it is. There's nothing compares to this wonderful name. It is the name of Jesus. Death could not hold you. The veil tore before you. You silence the B of sin and grave. The heavens are roaring. the praise of your glory for you have raised to life again. You have no rival and you have no equal now and forever. God, you reign. Cuz yours is the kingom. Lord, yours is the glory. Yours is the name above all names. What a powerful name it is. Such a powerful name it is. That name of Jesus Christ our King. What a powerful name it is. Nothing can stand against what a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus. What a beautiful name it is. Beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ our King. What a beautiful name it is. Nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus. A beautiful name it is. A beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ our King. What a beautiful name it is. Nothing can stand against what a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus. [Music] [Music] My savior, the one who will never fail. He will never fail. I trust in God my savior. The one who will never fail. He will never fail. [Music] Jesus is my hope in the fire time after time. Born of his spirit, washed in his blood. and what he did for me on Calary 4. I trust in God my savior. The one who never fail, will never fail. I trust in God my savior, the one who never fail. You will never fail. [Music] Oh my [Music] go. You walk with me through fire. and heal all my disease. I trust in you, Lord. I trust in you. I believe you're my hero. I believe you are all I need. I [Music] believe. I believe you're my fortune. I believe more than enough for me. Jesus, you're all I need. [Music] Hold my heart. You call my [Music] ra. You walk with me through fire and heal all mighty seas. [Music] I trust in you, Lord. I trust in you. I believe you're my healer. I believe you are all I need. I [Music] believe. I believe you're my port forune. I believe more than enough for me. Jesus, you're all I need. Nothing is impossible for you. Nothing is impossible. Nothing is impossible for you. Hold my world in your hands. Nothing is [Music] impossible for you. Nothing is impossible. Nothing is impossible. Hold my world in your hands. I believe you're my healer. I believe you are all I need. I believe. I believe you're my portion. [Music] I believe more than enough for me. Jesus, you're all I [Music] need. My words. I got [Music] nothing. How could I express my pain? I can sing these songs as I [Music] ofen. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. [Music] All I have is a hallelu hallelujah. And I know it's not much of nothing else fit for king except for my heart [Music] single. Hallelujah. I've got one response. I've got good with my arms wide. I will worship you. So I throw up my hand, praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. Hallelujah. And I know it's not much. Nothing else been for except for my heart single [Music] hallelu. So come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your soul cuz you've got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. So come on my soul. Don't you get shy of me. Lift up your soul. You got a lion inside those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is an hallelujah. And I know it's not much, nothing else big for a king except for my heart single. [Music] Hallelujah. Uh, brother Harry, would you mind leading us in prayer? We don't have any written requests, but can we just remember all the ones coming back from [Music] Virginia? It's good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. I know everybody is feeling a little bit tired after the past couple days working with the the fundraiser and everything, but it's good to to be here to be praising the Lord. And um as you all saw posted, just to go ahead and say it, we won't be having an evening service tonight. So hopefully all of you can get a little bit of rest and recover a little bit physically for the coming week. Um but let's just let's just go before the Lord right now. Lord Jesus, we come into your presence this morning, Lord. And Lord, we just thank you for allowing us to gather here once more, Lord. We thank you for the bright sunshine, Lord, and the beautiful day, Lord. And Lord, we thank you for the wonderful spirit that we have here, Lord, gathering together with our brothers and sisters, Lord, just to to worship you and to hear your word, Lord. Lord, we may be tired and in body, Lord, but Lord, we come in, Lord, with a desire to to to be in your presence, Lord, with a desire to hear from you, Lord. Lord, we lift before you all those that are that are out of town, Lord, that are traveling, Lord, as they're, Lord, finishing up the the meetings in Virginia, Lord, and then we'll be getting ready to come home over the next several days and things, Lord. We pray that you would be with our our brothers and sisters, they would be traveling, Lord, that you would give them traveling mercies on the road, Lord. Protect them and bring them back home safely, Lord. Lord, we lift before you those that aren't with us this morning, Lord, because they're not feeling well or or recovering in body, Lord. Lord, I pray that you'd be with Sister Angie McDougall as she's at home, Lord, that you would just continue to touch her, Lord. And Lord, help her to recover from the surgery that she went through, Lord. Lord, anyone else that that maybe isn't feeling well in body, Lord, maybe they're even here this morning, Lord, and they were able to to push through the symptoms, Lord. I pray that you would just move on the scene, Lord. That you would touch everyone, Lord. That you would take away the the sickness or the the tiredness or the different vanities and lies of the flesh that are there, Lord. that we would just be able to to enter into your presence and worship you. Lord, I I lift before you brother Michael, Lord, as he's been studying, Lord, trying to find what it is that you would have him to minister this morning. Lord, I pray that you would just use the gift that you've placed in your servant. Lord, to to speak to your people, Lord. May we come in, Lord, and may we just draw on that gift, Lord, and may you speak and and meet the needs of the hearts of the people, Lord. We just, Lord, we thank you for this time together, Lord. Pray that you'd be in all that we say and do today, Lord. May it just be pleasing to you. We just love you and we thank you for all that you do for us. In the name of Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. [Music] tears and sorrows. I have questions for tomorrow. Many times I [Music] need every situation. [Music] Christ only through it [Music] all. Through it all, I learn to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it all, oh through it all, [Music] to a lot of places and seen a lot of faces. There were times I felt so all alone. [Music] lonely hours. Yes, those precious lonely hours. Jesus, let me know that I'm [Music] still through it all. Through it all, I learn to trust in Jesus. I learn to trust in God. Do it all. Do it all. within his word. So I thank God for the mountains and I thank him for the valley and I thank him for the storm he brought me through. or if I then had a problem, I would know that he could solve them. I would know faith in God could do through it all. through [Music] y'all. I learn to trust in Jesus. I learn to trust in God. Through it all, through it [Music] all depend upon his word. [Music] comes up. It's a new day dawning. It's time to sing your song again. Whatever may pass and whatever lies before me, let me be singing when the evening comes. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul. Worship his holy name. Sing like never before. Oh my soul, I will worship his holy name. You're reaching love and you're slow to anger. Your name is great and your heart is kind for all your goodness I will keep on singing. and prisons for my heart to find. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, oh my soul. Worship his holy name. Sing like never before. Oh my soul, I will worship his holy name. And on that day when my strength is very draws near and my time has come. Still my soul will sing your love unique. 10,000 years in forever, Lord. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh, my soul. Worship his holy name. like never before. Oh my soul, I will worship. Can we sing that one more time as we come for the offering? [Music] Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul, worship his holy name. Sing like never before. Oh my soul, I will worship his holy name. [Music] Lord Jesus, we thank you for many blessings. Lord, I just pray bless these tithes and these offerings in Jesus name. Amen. wash away my sin. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. What can make me whole again? Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Preious is the flow that may be white as snow. No other plow I know. Nothing but the blood of [Music] Jesus. Oh my part. This I see nothing but the blood of Jesus. For my pins, this I plead. Nothing but the blood of me. Jesus. Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow. No other ground. I know nothing but the blood of Jesus. [Music] Can we sing that song as Sister Rosanna comes with her [Music] special? Let the worshippers [Music] arise in the sand. be standing by your side, holding your hand. Let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my [Music] prayer. This is my worship. [Music] Let the sons and the daughters [Music] sing. I'm surrendering my [Music] all. I surrender to the king. Father, I hear you growing louder. The song of your redee as the saints from every nation. Our awakening will sing from our heart to come to name. Hear the heaven dream. This is our song. You are king but the worippers cry. Let the sons and daughters see. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. [Music] [Music] [Music] I was lost when you found me here. You pulled me close and held me. [Music] I'm a fool, but still you love I'll be a fool for the king of love. You gave me wings so I could [Music] fly. And all I have is all from you. And all I want is all of you. It's grace. Your grace. I'm nothing without you. Is grace. Your grace shines on me. [Music] There have been days when I've walked away. Too much to carry, nothing left to say. Forgive me, Lord, when I'm weak and lost. You traded heaven for a wooden cross. And all these years you've carried me. You've been my eyes when I could not see. And beauty grows in the driving rain. Your oil of gladness in the times of pain is grace. Your grace. I'm nothing without you. It's grace. Your grace shines on me. It's grace. Your grace. I'm nothing without you. It's grace. Your grace shines on me. shines on me. Shines on me. Your grace that shines on me. Shines on me. Shines on me. It's your grace. It's grace. Your grace. I'm nothing without you. you. It's grace. Your grace shines on me. It's grace, your grace. I'm nothing without you. It's grace. Your grace shines on me. [Music] [Music] We are for the generation. through themination. The final voice the world will be coming of the Lord is near. Living out the [Music] revelation, overcoming sins, temptation. The truth will go every target nation. We are the chosen generation. [Music] We are the generation where the commination wars the world. The coming of the Lord is near. Living out the revelation. Overcoming sins, temptation. The truth will come every tongue and nation. We are the chosen generation. Can we sing that again as the man of God? We are the generation. We're themination. The final wars the world. The coming of Lord is near. Living out the revelation, overcoming sin's temptation to go to every tongue and nation. We are the chosen generation. We are the generation. The commination, the final words of the [Music] world, overcoming sins, temptation, every tongue and nation. We are the chosen generation. Amen. Let's sing that again. Ooh. We are the generation. You're the culmination. A final voice the world will hear. The coming of the Lord is near. living out the revelation, overcoming sins, temptation. Truth will go to every tongue and nation. We are the chosen generation. Amen. You believe that here this morning? and God's chosen generation for this day that we live in. It's just wonderful to be here in the house of the Lord. And good to see everybody after our barbecue extravaganza that we had. And I didn't know if that was just a new scent that was going on or if everybody just smelt like barbecue like me. You know, my wife kept telling me all or all day yesterday, she's like, "You smell like barbecue." you don't do that. Well, you know, it's where I am. It's what I'm doing at the moment. And uh just wonderful to be here at the house of the Lord and just to see everybody here. And um just want to thank everybody for uh helping out with the uh rib dinner. They're the just a wonderful job. Everybody did such a great job of uh keeping everything together. you know, something at that level requires a lot of moving parts. You know, there's a lot of a lot of people taking care of the well, mainly Joe taking care of the the ribs and the smoking and doing those kinds of things and uh out there just I'm just, you know, not savvy when it comes to that kind of stuff. I'm just manual labor, you know, and um want to appre appreciate Sister Stephanie uh manning the fort there inside of the the little trailer thing there and keeping everybody together and the team that was involved with her there just keeping it together and uh the parking crew keeping everybody organized, you know, in in there. And um you know, it looks easy. It's like, you know, you could just take a car, put it in that empty spot, you know, but sometimes when you got people going in and out and, you know, jams that happen here and there, you got to kind of be quick on the draw and they took care of things real nicely. And, uh, just everybody that I even seen, Brother Ken came down and tested the ribs out there, you know, and and um, you know, just such a, you know, everybody just kind of coming together and putting their shoulder to the wheel. And we kind of do that once a year, you know, so we can, you know, do things around here at the church and uh, you know, keep things going and whatnot. And, uh, it was just a just a good time. And also, you know, it's just a great time to for the community to see our church and and uh you know, it's I think it's kind of ironic, but I think the Lord put us just right here in the main thoroughfare where everybody in Ponyie and all the visitors see us as we go by and you guys just shining your light and everybody's like, "What is this for?" And I'm like, "Oh, this is for our church." And they're like, "Oh, wow. you guys and and they kind of get to see and notice us and it's just wonderful to be in front of the community and um but uh we'll go ahead and move on into our sermon here this morning and like to thank our musicians, the last of our musicians that are as everybody knows most of the congregation, the church is up there with uh in Virginia for the Virginia meetings up there and I hear they're just having a great time. And I mean, with the lineup that they have, they should be, you know, I mean, they should be. I mean, they got some wonderful ministers there and and uh the Lord's just really blessing those services and they have been the Lord has been blessing those services for the past several years and just um just a real outpouring over there. And that's that's just good. And our church is a part of that that's over there. And uh you know we brother Sean was from here and and now he's over there and so he gets to take a little bit of Oklahoma over there with him. And uh if we could we can just go ahead and move into our scriptures as and I'd like to start there. First uh first John uh one and I'd like to start there in one uh 1 John 1 and one and uh just say amen when you get there and I'll uh proceed. But it says here John 1 and1 it says that which was from the beginning which we have heard which we have seen with our eyes which we have looked upon looked upon our hands have handled with the word of life. For the life was ministered or manifested, and we have seen it, and we bear witness and show it unto you, that eternal life which was with the Father and was manifested unto us. And that which we have seen and have declared we unto you, that ye also may have fellowship with us. And truly our fellowship is with the Father and with the Son, Jesus Christ. These things write we unto you, that your joy may be full. This then is the message which we have heard of him, and declared unto you, that God is light, and in him is no darkness at all. If we say that we have fellowship with him, and walk in darkness, we lie and do not the truth. But if we walk in the light as he is the light, we have fellowship one with another and the blood of Jesus Christ, his son, cleanses us from all sin. Let's just bow our hearts here this morning. Heavenly Father, we just love you, Lord, and we thank you for your word, Lord. We thank you for just being able to come to your house, Lord, and just being able to relax and be in peace, Lord. Father, I would just ask that you would just bless the service this morning, Lord. Lord, we thank you for the song service and Lord, for the brothers there on the music. We'd ask a blessing on them. And I would just pray, Lord, that you'd just be with us, strengthen, encourage all of our friends and family, Lord, that are away from us at the moment. Give them safe travel and mercies, Lord. We thank you. We ask these things in Jesus name. Amen. Well, I guess I better turn this off. Weston trying to call me. But but uh you know if I had a if I had a title for this morning, it would be fellowship. Fellowship in him. And you know uh I think it we all we all pretty well know that fellowship is pretty vital both spiritually, you know, and physically. You know that you know fellowship one with another. Uh you know we have there's a lot of things that we could fellowship over and and uh you know a lot of us have friends and a lot of us have close family and you know with uh you know the guys you know the guys have fellowship one with another there's a lot of things a lot of discussions that goes on you know it could be tools or it could be sports you know or it could be you know uh job related things you know or um you know different things and you girls are kind of the same way of course with the girls, the the the conversation topics could be a lot broader, you know, there there's a lot there's a lot that goes on when that happens, you know, and I just kind of stay away from those kinds of conversations. And uh but you know there's a lot of different things that the women talk about and you know and I'm not going to begin to going on into that you know but you know the clothes and you know uh uh uh candles you know and colors and pillows and you know just all kinds of different things you know that goes on with the with the women folk you know and but the thing is is you know uh you know you have to have something in common one with another you know there's a lot of there's a lot of things that you know that uh you do you don't really find a whole lot of people with different interests um necessarily hanging around with each other. you know, there's they're acquaintances, you know, and we had different, but then you have somebody that you can actually have fellowship with, you know, that there's somebody that, you know, that that you can kind of connect with, you know, or or there's you just happen to find likes or dislikes, you know, and you guys happen to like the same songs or like the same foods or different things like that, you know, and it kind of draws you together. And uh you know and you know guys you know they have a uh you know a lot of guys you'll see different groups of different men you know uh you know the different ones that like to hunt and you you go to the fellowship hall and and sometimes you'll find all the hunters together over here you know you know then you find all the guys that work on you know work on cars and different things you know those guys are all over here you know or you know just different ones you know and then the same way with the ladies there's just a lot of different personalities and things that that causes you to to click, you know, and and through these things, we develop friends and we develop, you know, you know, some of us even get married, you know, I mean, you look at Austin. I mean, it actually happened to him, you know, and and and and but you know, and fellowship is is a is a vital is a vital thing for for for uh a church and it's a vital thing for, you know, uh uh brothers and sisters to be able to find that godly fellowship with with one another, you know, and and you know, thinking about these things, you know, the fellowship that we have, you know, with one another is something that's important. It's something that I think that it's good for a brother and a sister, you know, to be able to have godly acquaintances and godly fellowship, godly friends, you know, and thinking about some of these uh just thinking about some of these scriptures. I was thinking about uh you know, in 1 Corinthians 10 and 20, you know, if our sister Clea would pull that up. And you know, and I was thinking about some of these things about how that you know, fellowship is important, but then there's also fellowship that, you know, that we'd like to stay with or stay away from, you know, and and thinking about these things there in the 20th verse, it says, "But I say that I say that the things which the Gentiles sacrifice, they sacrifice to devils and not to God. And I would not that ye have fellowship with devils." And we can go to the next verse. It says you cannot drink the cup of the Lord and the cup of the devils. You cannot part be partakers of the Lord's table and of the table of devils. You know, and thinking about this, the scriptures basically say keep asking us to stay away from fellowship, you know, for non-believers. You know, you can also go into another portion of scripture there in 2 Corinthians 6 and 13. And this these are some things, you know, just kind of brush upon and think about it. It says, "Now for a recompense in the same, I speak as unto you, my children, be ye also enlarged, but be not unequally yolked together with unbelievers. For what fellowship hath righteousness with unrighteousness, and what communion hath light with darkness?" And thinking about these kinds of things, you know, we don't have fellowship with something that we're don't have anything in common with. you know, there's not a lot, you know, you don't see red birds hanging out with bluebirds. You don't see bluebirds hanging out with sparrows. You know, a lot of those things, you know, birds together, you know, the flock together or something like that, you know, I probably butchered that, but that's all right, you know. But but you know you have a lot of you have a lot of the species and wildlife you know you have deer that run with deer you know horses they go with horses you know birds are with birds you know and that's the same way with the way that it is with the Christian walk and about how that you know it's important to have fellowship with one another because it strengthens us in the Lord and you know sometimes you know fellowship is not all necessarily based upon materialistic things but it's also based upon divine things there's a lot of things that having fellowship with one another is not necessarily having things in common, but you know, the one thing that attracts you is your spirits with one another. You know, there's just something about me and Mike, you know. I I don't know what it is. You know, he's he's Mike King, you know, and it's just there's something about, you know, me and Mike. We we think we think on the same level, you know. we we know when it's time to drink coffee because I'm looking at Mike and Mike's like, you know, he's got that look like it's time to drink coffee, you know, and I can I can see what's going on there, you know, and and you know, about how that, you know, having the fellowship with your brother or your sister, you know, is is super is super important, you know, and and we need these things in order to, you know, to move on and having friends with God and and and and having this relationship, but yet it's not all necessarily based upon, you materialistic things, but it's also has a spiritual meaning as well because you know it's not we can have these things and and and you know brother Joe Sanders you know he might he we might like we might like both like electrical but electrical is not going to get me to heaven you know and and and you know there's a lot of things you know that we could have a we can have a a fellowship or we can have something in common you know with one another but you know if if all the guys is if all we talk about is sports and all we talk about is hunting and all we talk about is fishing. Those things aren't going to get us to heaven. And and you know, these things aren't going to be something that's going to be, well, Lord, you know, I know I know all you know, I know all about the deer calls. you know, I know I got the best camo, you know, and I've got the nicest guns and and you sisters might be able to sit here and be able to like, you know, Lord, you know, uh, we decorated the house just right and we did this and we did that and we did that, you know, but the thing that um, the thing that gets that gets me is a scripture where it goes and it talks about how that, you know, depart from me you workers of iniquity that I never knew you. And it's not the fact that Jesus didn't know who they are. And it's not the fact that Jesus doesn't know who we are, but it's the same fact that he had never had a relationship with that individual. And that's the kind of thing that God is requiring today is is that is God doesn't just want to know what you're doing, you know, on your off time. God doesn't want to know the things that you like, but he's asking for something more intimate with with him. and and you know and that kind seem that kind of seems you know a little interesting because of the fact that there's not a physical form you know of Jesus that is walking around here today that we can actually just sit down and we can have a talk but yet in the same in the same perspective there is because you know the thing was is that you know in order to have we can have fellowship with our brother and we can have fellowship with our sisters and in the bodies that we see here you know we could visit with each other after church, we go to the Mexican restaurant, we go to clicks, you know, we drive around, we hunt, we fish, we do all these other things, but yet at the same time that se the uh the the fellowship that we have with one another isn't necessarily separated isn't necessarily separated or we're not separated from each other by things unless we get mad with each other. And if that's the case, then you need to repent and go to the altar. You know what I'm saying? you're getting mad with each other, then then that's just that's just cut and dry. That's just how it is. But yet, the thing that separated the thing that separates us from the Lord was sin. And we know that that that sin came into came into the whole realm, came into the whole deal with, you know, uh at the beginning, but yet sin has been able to divide man and God for such a long time. him and God has been going throughout this space of time being able to try to uh to bring his sons and daughters back to him. And and that's the thing that we have here today is is being able to or trying to do is to be able to develop a fellowship not with your man. Church isn't a place that we can come to to just to be able to shake hands with your brothers and sisters and and be able to say, "Well, I know this person or I know that person." And and unfortunately, there's a lot of believers that are here today that are just like, well, you know, I'm good friends with this minister or I'm good friends with this singer or I'm good friends with this person. And they think that that's going to be their pathway to heaven. And I'm going to tell tell you right now that when they get there that day that there's going to be a huge disappointment because the God's not desiring you to be in fellowship with a boyfriend or God's not developed or wanting you uh to develop a relationship with a girlfriend or or even your wife or your husband. Now now don't get me wrong, you want to develop a relationship there, but it's not that style of relationship. the relationship that I'm talking about is a divine relationship, a divine fellowship that you're going to have with God, you know, and some way and and and one uh one passage of scripture where I believe it was uh Jesus talking to Peter, I believe it was when he was talking about he's like uh uh you know, he do you love me? And he and he divides up God's love and he divides it up with an ailio love and he divides it with an agape love and he and therefore you have a human side of love and then you have this godly love the godly love that can only come from the scriptures that can only come from God and I begin to think that and I begin to apply that mindset to where he was talking about a fellowship and you know we have an earthly fellowship. We have a fellowship that we have one another with one another. But yet the fellowship that we have with one another. You know the the world has a fellowship and they can fellowship around sports. They fellowship around you know it could be alcohol. It could be drugs. It could they fellowship at the bar. They fellowship you know at at sports bars. They fellowship you know in a lot of different places. But yet there's something that's inside of them that's searching. There's something that's inside of them that's not fulfilled. and and and if we're not careful as believers and as Christians, we can come to the we can come to the house of God and we can say that we're fellowshipping, but yet we're not fellowshipping divinely. And I think that that's where that's where we can lose our fulfillment. We have fellowship with, you know, I love Sister Carol to death and and I think she's a great woman and she stood for this gospel and she's been in this church for a long time, but my fellowship with Sister Carol is as righteous as she is and as and as you know, we all esteem Sister Carol real high in, you know, in our church, but yet she's can't fulfill the fellowship that I need that only God can provide. And and if we come to a church and we just think that, oh, you know, I'm going to visit Brother Joe or I'm going to visit Brother Michael or I'm going to visit Brother Wendle or I'm going to visit Brother Austin or Jonah. How many enjoyed his song leading this morning? Amen. Yeah. And if we think that And if we think that we're just going to come to church and we're just going to be able to come and just have a fellowship with a brother and sister and that's what church is about and then we come and then we go, we're missing the essence of what God's doing. And the thing is is God's word isn't here just as a a law or it's not here as some type of a ritual. But what it is is here is to effect the heart and soul of the believer. And what it's to do is it's supposed to be able to stamp his word inside your heart and and to where your thought process is like him to where to where you sit and you you change your mentality. And that's what it is is what the the message has come to do is it's been able it need it needs to be able to come and release your thinking to where you don't have a slave slave style mentality coming towards the word of God. You know, fellowship is okay with with with your brother and fellowship's okay with your sister, but yet at the same time we got to look beyond that. You know, I I loved how a minister said one time when he was preaching behind the pullpit and he talked about being able to look through binoculars and how that that looking through these binoculars, he was able, you know, you can you can get four powers, you know, you can get four power binoculars, you know, six powers and they goes all the way up to like 50 60. They got they got binoculars. You can see to space, you know, and you can you you can go out there and you could see, you know, stars and things like that, you know, and and you could see these different things. But yet at the same time in saying that is we got to have our vision beyond just what we see here in this room. We got to have our vision when we come to this this place, when we come to church and we our fellowship isn't just necessarily with our brothers or sisters or anything or or just to come and listen to hear a preacher, but we want to hear the essence of what's being or what's trying to be said. And and the thing is is is looking past that I can go back and you can find different figures in the scripture. Now, our opening scripture right here was was talking about men that was in fellowship personally with God. And you could see there and I think you uh you could see there going down in here into the verses where it said in the second verse it says, "For the life was manifested and we have seen it and bear witness and show it unto uh show unto you that eternal life which was with the father and was manifested unto us." Now, now these disciples can say this with assurityity because they walked with Jesus. They spoke with Jesus. They seen Jesus in his good time. They seen Jesus in his hard time. They seen Jesus when he was confronted. So yet the fellowship that they had had with Jesus is fresh fresh off the fresh off the oven sheet if that's how how you want to look at it. They they seen they fellowshipped with him and they wanted and going on in here is that they were expressing the same type of life that Jesus had was being expressed through them to us. That way we can see that we lack for nothing. And the thing is is is is we don't want to take on the divine nature. We don't want to take on the fellowship with just of our brother. I mean we have one Mike King. You don't need two. And and it's not my job to be Mike King. And it's not job Mike's king job to be like me. But the thing is is when we when we fellowship with him, we want to be able to ex, you know, take back what God is saying from the scripture and be able to uh impart it to your brother. And you know, and that's the divine fellowship that we're talking about is because we've all been born into this world speaking lies. We were all born as we were all saved by God's blood. And that was the thing that separated us was the fact that we couldn't have a divine fellowship. Now, you can read his word. You can go through the scriptures and you can read God's word and you can sit here and say, "Well, the Bible says don't do this and the Bible says don't do that." And you can memorize every chapter and you can memorize every story and you can memorize uh, you know, all the highlights of the scriptures and everything. But that's not what God's asking for. He's not asking for another scribe. He's not asking for somebody to be able to just document everything that he's doing, but he's asking for a friend. And the thing is is as I look back in the scripture and we often we can we can often ask oursel is is is what is it? Is it possible to be a friend of God? And I say absolutely. You know that we can look at the scriptures right where Enoch was and and and and I don't have the scripture fresh on my mind at the moment but it was talking about how that Enoch uh walked with God until he was not you know and that he but the thing is is is you think about this you've got God in eternity having fellowship with man to the point to where he was so pleased with how Enoch acted and how Enoch talked with him and and it was nothing for Enoch to be able to sit there and to be able to have one-on-one fellowship and and be able to speak and to think about about what he was thinking to where God actually, you know, opened up the heavens and accepted Enoch in into where he was and and you can also go into another passage of scripture where, you know, it talks about David there, Acts 13:21-22. And this passage of scripture is, you know, quoted many of times there, Acts 13. But thinking about this where David was talking about uh a man after God's own heart there in Acts 13:21 and it says and afterward they desired a king and God gave unto them Saul the son of Cy and a man of the tribe of Benjamin by the space of 40 years and and when he had removed him he raised up unto them David to be their king in whom also he had gave testimony and said I have found David the son of Jesse a man after my own heart, which shall fulfill all my will. Now, could you think about this being written in the scriptures that you were so close to God that God referred to you as somebody that knows my will, that knows my heart, that knows my desires. And we think about this, how did David ever get to that place? David wasn't necess David in his childhood as we read through a lot of his childhood, we knew that, you know, David was the was kind of like the the the black sheep or he was the smallest or he was the one, you know, the that was left kind of out there in the back 40 to be tending to the to the uh to the sheep and he was the one that was making sure, you know, he count them all and he'd report back at the end of the day everything's okay. But this but this job was given to like the the the person that that they that that you had least expectation for. It's like well you know they have all these other brothers and we know throughout the scriptures the brothers are the ones fighting the wars. They're the ones out doing these things. But yet David was left out in the back 40 tending to the tending to God's sheep. And now the thing with David was is he didn't look at his situation as if, well, all I am is just, you know, nobody and I'm just being thrown out here on the back 40 and I'm just, you know, I'm just being put out here to, you know, to to tend some sheep and and to do these other little meaningless jobs and anything. But he took an opportunity to be able to write songs, you know. He he took the opportunity to be able to to be able to sit there on his harp and be able to create music and and to be able to, you know, to speak with the Lord one- on-one and be able to find that place alone with God. And and that was the thing that was the secret to David's success. And you could see, we all know that David wasn't, you know, some some buff guy that had been lifting weights and all of a sudden a bear comes out one day and and and David takes on a bear and just sl just slays the bear. But we know that it was the anointing behind David's or behind David that was a that gave him the ability to slay a bear. We know that a lion came at another point in his life and then he he didn't even fa it didn't even phase him a bit to where he was able to go out and he was able to destroy the lion. And but the thing was is it's not it wasn't David none of milit no military training that was on David. There was no there was no, you know, muscles that he had had or any type of education, but it was a fellowship with God, one-on-one relationship that he had had with with David to be able to give him the ability. And the thing was is having that fellowship, God knowing and and seeing and having that fellowship, it gave God confidence to be able to put his spirit into David to be able to manifest God's God's abilities through David. And another person that comes to my mind was was oh Abraham, you know, and thinking there in Abraham, Genesis 18 and and 17 and and a lot of us know the story of Abraham and how that God God used him in in a lot of in a lot of ways. And it says here in the scriptures and and the Lord said, "Shall I hide anything or shall I hide from Abraham that thing which I do?" Now think about this. God, the the the the the master of the uni. He ain't he ain't got to answer to nobody. He ain't got to talk to nobody about anything that he says or anything that he does. But yet God had such a relationship with Abraham that he's that he just openly says, "Can I hide can I hide anything or can can I hide anything from Abraham?" You know, that's just for some reason that's the way it's coming out. But can I can I hide this from Abraham? you know, can I hide the things that I'm doing from Abraham? That you God had such a confidence in Abraham. It wasn't just Abraham all of a sudden walking up to him one day and just being like, "Oh, hey, here I am, Lord. you know, I'm the man or you know, can I hide the things that I'm doing from had such a confidence and walking up to him one day and just being, you know, I'm the man or or confidence and had able to put that confidence that was that that that that God needed inside of Abraham. Another portion of scripture I like there concerning Abraham was James 2 and 22. And you know we know that Abraham, you know that there was a lot of there was a lot of that in between time that that that we don't know about that God had fellowship with Abraham's here in the 22nd verse. Seeing or seeest thou how faith wrought with his works and by works was faith made perfect. And the scriptures was fulfilled which saith Abraham believed God and it was imputed unto him for righteousness and he was called the friend of God. Now think about this folks. You got a mortal being. You got a mortal being you know that that you know slept in slept in you know sleeps like you sleeps eat like you you eat no doubt had problems in in in in in shapes of life that you do but yet God calls him a friend. And to be able to have that pinned on your shirt would be a big deal. You know, that that that Abraham is a friend of God. And and there's nothing that we could do to be a besides acknowledge the fact that he had had fellowship with God. And I think that that's what we're trying to say here this morning is that God's not not wanting to live just up above us and look down on us and and and just merely merely uh talk to us through his attributes and and talk to us through through just oh I'm just going to send you a blessing and we can just sit here and be like oh that you know that you know I got a new car or you know I finally got you know I got a I got paid or I got this you know or or or you know whatever I got a new dress and God's blessings were upon me. You know, sometimes God's, you know, the things that we go through in life is just as much fellowship as it is the good things that we go through in life. We don't like we don't like going through bad things in our life, but yet, you know, it's just part of it. You know, that there's death. There's, you know, there's there's times where you have you have spats back and forth with friends or you have these different things, but but God has these things these these parts in in in life where when you seek or when you have fellowship with God that that you re you realize that he's there just as much in the good times or just as much in the bad times as he's there in the good times. And we got to recognize God is just as much as he's a provider. He's a comforter. and and that we got to be able to see that that God's not just living above us, looking down on us, but he wants to he wants to fellowship through us. And that and that's the thing that we we must be able to to look at when we talk about divine fellowship is the fact that that we were separated from God. And that was the thing was was whether we whether we like it or not. You know, every one of us, you know, you some of you might be able to point at your sins are greater than this person's sins or those person's sins are greater than that person's sins, but it doesn't matter because it's it's the little foxes that spoil the vine. It's the little things in our in our lives that that the little sins, the little little things that that we deny, you know, that that God is able that, you know, he's able to help us in the time of our need and where he's able to to be able to look look at look at our situation and be compassionate, you know, but but it's those kinds of things. It's the sin that separated us. And we know that we know that the fellowship with mortal man, you know, is a great thing to have, but it's not the fulfillment in our lives. You know, it's not something because you know what? You know what? You could be looking at your beautiful wife one day and the next day the Lord take her home. You know, or or or you could be looking at your husband one day and the next and the next day he take you home. You could have friends you a lot of us can probably raise raise our hands about all of the of all of the of all the friends that we have had you know in our lives and the and good friends close friends and and during that relationship that you had with with your friends you could sit here and say oh you know I I you know this is the best thing that has ever happened this is the best thing that you know the best thing that's ever happened to me and you could just be living in an aura of good times but yet this world that we live in is just toppsy and tury And you know it's up and down and you got friends today and you got you got and no friends tomorrow but yet Jesus it is sticks closer than a brother and and that that's the thing is is is that you have God being you have God that wants to be able to try to fill in the gaps in your life where your friends can't where your friends can't necessarily there's something still missing in your life and there's something still calling you to something else. That's where God comes in. And that's where God is like, "Hey," he was like, "Hey, you need to come a little higher than more than just some type of than some type of just earthly fellowship that you have here with your friends. But yet, but yet I'm desiring to draw you up a little bit further and I'm desiring you to just come and and come a little bit closer into a fellowship where it it it produces a peace that passes all understanding." And and that's where we that's where we want to be today. And that's where I, you know, looking looking at the message of the hour that that you know that we believe is the fact that God has been throughout this entire time trying to restore fellowship. It's not you running after God. You It's not you coming out, but it's God searching you out. And that's why a lot of us are here here this morning. The thing is is we all come from different walks of life. And we all come from different different uh different states and different born in different places, but yet we're here in a church building here this evening. And you know, it's not me making Brother John come. It's not me making Brother Joe come, but yet there's something that's drawing these brothers and these sisters to fellowship with him. And that's the thing that we're after here this evening is is is the world bases everything upon this materialistic life that we live in. But yet they have 10 years down the road they have nothing to go back to because because all of it has fallen apart. You know, all of it has has crumbled. But yet God's called us up. And the thing is is is we didn't know which way to turn because we thought fellowship was when it maybe in denomination or we thought fellowship might be, you know, with a certain preacher. We thought we thought fellowship was with would be through a certain group. And let me tell you something, you're not going to be able to you're not going to be able to join a church. You're not going to be able to follow follow a minister. You're not going to be able to follow a group of people and have that fulfillment in your life outside of Jesus Christ. And the only way that you're going to be able to find Jesus Christ is being able to f to be able to follow the message for your day. And that's the thing is is we were the thing is is God God so seen fit that it was your time to have divine fellowship with him that he sent a message. And that was the thing is he sent a message and he sent a prophet out to for us to be able to look and to study and to observe. And the thing was is the the thing was is the message is not here to uplift a man. The message is not up here uh to uplift the attributes or to tell the story of a man, but it's here to lift up God inside of a vessel. And that's where God's trying to get is God's God doesn't desire to be, you know, just locked up locked up in the sky somewhere and out of fellowship with his people. But he's tried for years and he and he sent you blessings and he sent messages and he sent his word to be able, but now he's busting. He's busting at the seams to be able to be inside of a vessel, inside of a inside of a living vessel. And and and you think about this and and and I got a quote here that that I love is we got to be able to see ourselves outside or uh we got to be able to see ourselves not from not outside the box because we look at ourselves and we look at our hands and we look at our feet and we know the things that we think and we know the things that we've said and the and might have been might have hurt somebody or we might have we might have uh done something you know uh and it bring shame unto your spirit. But yet God says that the only way through fellowship is through the blood of Jesus Christ. And we and the only after that we have accepted his blood that we come into divine fellowship. There's no other way. You're not going to be able to walk in and say, "Oh, well, I'm the best preacher." Oh, I'm the best singer. Oh, I'm, you know, I'm the I'm the best musician that's out here. God doesn't God doesn't look at those kinds of things. He took a sheep boy, you know, a shepherd boy and went and played music in front of a king and was able to to, you know, uh, disperse spirits out of it. But God is wanting to live and breathe through through hands and feet here today. And I was looking at this quote uh I was looking at this quote and I liked it. It seemed to it seemed to kind of really speak out to me. But it says here now not upon the basis of the Baptist or Pentecostal church or any other church upon the basis uh the basis of the water baptism although those are good it's all right but not upon the basis of water baptism not upon the basis of a church or joining a church that's all good but it's upon the basis of the shed blood you might have fellowship with a church and or a congregation but you'll never have fellowship with God till you come come on his basis, his terms or his terms is through the blood. But a man has a soul and therefore that soul is part of God and even it's even in its fallen state. Now, this is where I like it and it's where it starts to get good. I'm going to repeat this. But as but a man has a soul and therefore that soul is a part of God and even in its fallen state yet it it is the most greatest species of all species on earth. It is the man. And then him connecting with his maker. Now that's where it's at. Now that that's the part where we don't feel like we can make happen, but him connecting with his maker. He becomes a superman almost because he's a son of God. Now that's the mentality that we have to look at ourselves in is is that that that is that that we're not just just normal here on earth. Now there are some people that are just normal I'm going to put that on there. You know, there are some people that are just people that are out here on earth, but you're not that people. Amen. You're not the people that's to be out here that's just that's to live nonchalantly inside of inside of the church and just go and just just expect, you know, a preacher to be preaching a song to be sung. But you're the group of people that comes and can divinely have fellowship with God. That when you sing these songs, it's a sweet smelling savior. When you give your life to the Lord, it's God jumping up and down and saying, "That's right. Another one has come home." It says, "But man has a soul and therefore or uh yeah, so there but a man has a soul and therefore that soul is a part of God. And even in its fallen state, it is the most greatest species of all of all species on earth. It is a man and get him in con in connection with his maker. He becomes a superman almost he because he is a son of God. He becomes acquainted with his maker with the creator of all things. And then when and then when that man there is acquainted with his maker he becomes a part of his maker. He becomes back into fellowship with his maker. Every divine word becomes a living reality and and he believes it. And that's where God's desire is to be here this evening is that every divine word that's been spoken becomes a living reality to us in our lives. God desires fellowship. Not not not not the kind of fellowship that's just like, "Oh Lord, lay me down to sleep, you know, and I just say a good prayer." That's not fellowship, you know. I mean, when when we come to a place, yes, we come in here and we sing songs and and and we do and you know, and we listen to the minister or we might play a tape or but we're talking about that kind of fellowship that David had with God, that Abraham had with God. It wasn't just no, lay me down to sleep. But I could just imagine, you know, as Abraham or or as David, you know, and I like using David because, you know, he's one of my favorite characters of the Bible. But I I could just figure him, you know, sitting down upon a rock somewhere, the sheep, he's already he's already counted all the sheep and he knows that all them all of them are there. But I could just imagine as David is sitting upon a rock somewhere and and he's listening, he's listening for the voice of the Lord, playing his instruments. And there's where, you know, sometimes I envy you. you you guys that play instruments, I couldn't, you know, Brother Windows tried. I I can't play no instrument, you know, and and you know, I can't I can't even sing, let alone play an instrument, you know, and and and and and I could just imagine, you know, David being out there and and and being out there and singing before the Lord. And and the thing is is is you you think you think that you have to have all your ducks in a row in order to have fellowship with God, but God just wants you. God just wants the raw you. God just wants the you that's sitting in your car and a and all you don't know what to say. You don't know what to you don't know what to do. But yet there a presence that comes over you in his car, you know, and it's kind of like when a friend calls you, you know, you you get a you get a text or you get a call from a friend and and if you're not careful, don't say you don't do it because you're people just like me. But you you're like, "Oh, so and so's calling. I'll call them back." you know, and you're just like click, you know, and and you know what? I I think sometimes if we're not careful, that's the way we are with the Lord. That when the Lord's spirit comes upon you in the car or the Lord's spirit comes upon you ladies when you're washing dishes or you're doing laundry, when the spirit of the Lord comes upon you, you know, you men when you're working or or or or or you're doing things in your life that you feel that uncction and it's an uncction that you know the neighbor next to you doesn't feel is because the reason is is because God wants fellowship with you. He doesn't want fellowship with your neighbor. He doesn't want fellowship with just your because your pastor's not there at that moment. He doesn't want fellowship with me. But he wants he wants fellowship with you. And I think what it happens is if we're not careful, we begin to push that uncction off. Well, I'll do that when I get into church the next time or I'll do that when I get into, you know, I'm going to read my Bible and that's what I want to know. God wants to know how you're doing in church and he wants to know how you're doing out of church. He wants to know that you're Sometimes we just sit here and we're like, "Oh, God can read my thoughts and God can do this and God and and sometimes we're that way with friends. Sometimes we're that way with our spouse. Sometimes we're we're that way, you know, just like, "Oh, my wife should know exactly what I'm going through because I'm showing up with a mad face. My wife should be able to read my mind." Or or sometimes, you know, the wives, you know, I I I know you guys are all angels, but I'm just going to put it out there. You know, and you know, sometimes you wives have got your things going on and they're like, "Well, my husband should know because of this." No, sometimes you just got to tell your wife and sometimes you just got to tell your husband. And sometimes God just wants you to walk up to him and say, "Lord, I'm having this issue. Lord, I I'm going through this. I'm struggling with this in my life. I'm Lord. I I I've been I've been trying to get caugh I just can't seem to be able to get into a quiet place or where I can sit and I and I can have fellowship with you and and I can and I can talk to you like David talked and and and sometimes you know what it's like to really have fellowship because after you have fellowship, you've emptied out and you're you're free. You're free in your spirit. You're free and and and you know all these things that you the thoughts that you might have had towards your brother, the thoughts that you might have had. Oh, that things should be ran this way. Things should be ran that way. But but yeah, all that stuff just absolutely means a hill of beans at the end of the at the end of your meeting with God because the only thing that it's because you're fulfilled through this divine fellowship and God's willing and he's wanting and he and he's waiting through the word. And that's what it is is is the message of the hour is calling out sons and daughters of God. He's calling out people that are bone of his bone and flesh of his flesh. That's why God put these people like Enoch and David and Abraham inside of there is to is to make you realize that you can have this same type of fellowship with him. A place where you can get alone with God and you can talk to him. That's not just left for the prophet. That's just not left for people that were left back in the, you know, the 30s and the 40s and and you know, different different places like that. But he's desiring a walk with you. And you know, sometimes it takes us being able to just break off, you know, break off the the the the daily duties. And sometimes it it's something that we have to be able to do. You don't don't be scared to be able to lock yourself away in a place and be like, "God, you know what? I've heard from all my other earthly friends and I I appreciate all these things that you've given me and I appreciate the roof over my head and I appreciate the food that you've put on my table and I appreciate the car that I drive but but Lord without you I would have nothing Lord without you I I you know I can't breathe. I can't think. I can't I can't speak, you know. And you go back and you listen to the Psalms of David, you know, and you could see him bleeding through the words that that he speaks, you know. And that's the thing about God is he's looking for for compassion. He's looking for he's looking for you to speak to you to speak to him through your heart and and be able to lay these things out before him. He's he's got you know, God is sick and tired. That's why he was like, that's like all your offerings and all your traditions, these things are just stinking stink to my nose. These things are is because we can if we're not careful, we we come and we offer God what we have left. you know, you know, goes back and, you know, the story where where Jesus was where Jesus had come and and he had and he had uh he was pulling I believe it was like an offering or it and and all these and he was sitting there with the people and his disciples were there and and you could see where all of the all of the rich men had come in and and and all all the men had come in and they were donating to the church, you know, they were they were putting money there in the in the box, you know, and he was speaking to his disciples And he was like, "All these people, they they gave out of their ability. They gave out of they gave out of their free time. They gave out of their, you know, that, you know, they had $100,000, you know, and they were able to give 20,000 because they just had it to spare, you know." But there was one lady that came with a might, you know, and that one lady, she came with she came with the might. And God was like, God was like, "That lady is going to be a memorial because she gave out of her necessity." And that's the thing is is God wants to know that you love him. God wants to know that you want a real divine fellowship. See, and that's the way it is sometimes here in the natural. You know, you know, when somebody could give when they when they give and you know, if they got money, you know, it's like, "Oh, they gave, you know, because they had it to give." But it's different. It's different when you know that somebody has sacrificed to give to you so that you're able to go. And I think God sits there and he looks at your sacrifice. That's why they call it a sacrifice of praise. We just don't like to sacrifice. And it's just what it is. you know, we're American and it's our right to have this and it's our right to have that and we should have a a new house and we should have air conditioning and we should have cars and we should have, you know, all these different things and, you know, and that's the way that we get with God is, you know, that we should have your presence down here. We should have your this, we should have your that, but yet God's looking for a sacrifice to be that comes from us, you know, to him, you know, and and sometimes that's what it is when you have to get down on your knees and say, "Lord, I I, you know, I I I don't have what it takes to be able to come into your presence, Lord. I need you to wash me. I need you to cleanse me. I need you to Lord, just to be able to take me, Lord, to a place. And the thing is is he desires fellowship because he's wanting to express himself through you. He's wanting to express himself through his sons and his daughters. And and when you come into that place with in God's presence, there's nothing that can interfere with you. You might be having job troubles. You might be having, you know, troubles with with with your brother or your sister or you might be having troubles in your family. But all these things begin to dissipate because you at that moment become the master of your circumstance. And it's God. It's the creator and the creation coming together. And you begin to believe when God tells you that he's able to provide. You begin to believe when God tells you, you know, that he's going to cause peace in the middle of your storm. And that's where it's at is when you when when the creation and the creator meet, the divine fellowship takes place. And what we see today is is that we we lose we're losing the ability of this divine fellowship because because we want form and we want to be able to just come to church and just be able to sit under, you know, a good ministry and we want to be able to come and sit underneath a good song leader, musicians, and we want to be here be like, "God, here I am." That's not fellowship. When you come and you fellowship with your friends, it's not how you act. But yet, when we come to God, it's it's God's wanting to fulfill and to re reunite you of who you really are. I begin to think about just a few a few scriptures or a few uh quotes here this evening or this morning actually. It says, "That's the reason we was commissioned to baptize you in the name of the father, son, and the holy ghost." showing showing that God was unfolded unfolded himself condescending coming down working his way through. He couldn't enter into sin but he cleared his way as he went for God so loved man that he wants to come down and fellowship with him. God tonight the same Jehovah God that spoke to Adam and Eve in the garden of of Eden lives in every born again man or woman trying trying his best to make you believe him. Have faith in him. Step out. Don't you don't you doubt it one bit. But the same God that was with Abraham is is the same God here tonight desiring fellowship. Now, the thing is is I was thinking about how that you had the slave man that had the slave uh the young slave boy that was in back in the day. this there was a man that had come out and he was looking for a slave to buy and he he had come to this field here and and he was looking and he picked a slave and he noticed that this slave man was you know he was just a real happy guy and we all know the story but he was just a real happy guy and he had and he had noticed that you know that he was more jolly in his step that you didn't have to whip him you didn't have to do different things so the man went to the owner and was like hey you know I'd like to buy this or this man right here and and he said well that slave's not for And he was like, "Well, I've noticed that there's something different about him. You know, I noticed that there's something is it do you feed him different or do you not whip him or does he get special privileges?" And and the man was like, "No, that's not the case. We're not uh uh it's not uh that's not the case at all. You know, he he eats down there in the GS. I treat him just the same as as any other any of the other slaves." He's like, "But I I had asked the question myself and so I did a little bit of researching and and he said, "But what I had found out was that in that in another country that he was the son of the king and even though that he's in way away in a different land across the ocean that he still conducts himself as a son of the king and and I really love that story because, you know, we're from a far away country, you know, and and and that's the kind of mentality we have to we we need to, you know, put ourselves in when we approach God that you're not just the normal average Joe, but but you're the purchased. You're the redeemed of God and God has invested heavily into our lives and and looking at this that yes, you have the ability to talk oneon-one with God. That's your father and you're his son and he's your his daughter and and be able to come to a place where where every situation that we go through in our life isn't just a isn't a downhill slide, but you know that you're in the arms of the creator. and hear this evening that every person in here that's under the sound of this message is is coming to their fruition through the fellowship of God. But first of all, you have to act out all the sin. You have to take out you have to take out all these little things that are in your life to be able to to put to be able to open a space with God to be able to sacrifice your life to be able to sacrifice your time that you can come and you can have fellowship with him. And and that's the thing here this evening or this morning is is being able to put ourselves into a place that we could fellowship with the almighty God. But we have to have a change in mindset in order to come to in order to come before the Lord and and for him to have fellowship one-on-one with with us as as the creator because God's just not sitting, you know, up where up somewhere, but he's sitting beside you and he's talking with you and all of us know, you know, any son and daughter of God can realize that that hey, that there's something different about me that there's that there's a a calling as I love how the the scripture says it's a deep calling to the deep and there's something within us that is desiring to respond with uh to God and be able to desire that fellowship. But there's when there's something in us to do it, I advise you just take advantage of that moment because God's not desiring just a just a a you know a church that's just formal. God's not desiring a church that that you can you can just come to and then you just all you sing your songs. But but he desires unity and he desires fellowship with his creator. Now another thing is we can break this word up into a lot of different things. Fellowship has a lot of things. It's harmony, unity and agreement and we have these things and that's where we need to have our place with the Lord is having unity with him. Being able to take him at his word and not not just single ourselves away. And if we're not careful, we begin to look at scripture and we're just like, "Oh, well, that just must be for the preacher." Or, "Oh, that just must be for the brother or sister that's out there." But, but being able to come to a place to uh to where we accept the word for ourselves, being able to because, you know, really the word is is is a is our code of conduct. It's a place that it's something that we can use to be able to strengthen our daily lives. When he says that when he says that you are an overcomer, you must believe that. being able to be in fellowship with him and believe that you are an overcomer that you can overcome. You know, whether it's physical illness in your life or whether it's spiritual, something that you might be just going through, but you can able you can look into the word and say, you know what, this is for me. You know, the the the the scriptures that God has written down has written for us, the message has come to shine light on there that you're not just an observer, but you're the one that's actually playing in the game. You're the one that's here. You're the one that's God's in God's great arena. And he's you're the one that he's using to shine his light into Pawnie, Oklahoma or where Fairfax, Oklahoma or wherever parts of parts of the world that you might be in that you're not just a spectator in God's game, but yet you're the one that he needs. You're the tools that God's using to express himself, his attributes to the world that we live in. The only way that we can express these attributes is through God's word and to have fellowship in God's word. Any success that you're going to have in your Christian walk is not going to be just by just memorizing some quotes and just memorizing some scriptures, but you must be become one with that life with you must become one with with the Lord. You must become one. I I can't be one with my neighbor. I can't be one, you know, with somebody that, you know, with just a human here on earth. They didn't die for me. They didn't save me, you know, and they're not going to be the one that I go to see when I get to heaven, but they're going to be but it must be that fellowship with the Lord one-on-one to where we can see where God can trust us, you know. And that was the thing with Job is when is when God was speaking of Job, you know, God had faith. God had trust in what Job was going to do. Therefore, he could allow the devil to tempt him. You know, we all know the story about how the scriptures go and and how that Job was was, you know, Job was just minding his own business and then all of a sudden God and Satan were beginning to have a conference about Job and about how that, you know, uh uh you know, Job is prospering and Job is this and you know, he's got cattle and he's got children and he sacrifices for his children daily and he has all these things, you know, but yet at the same time, Satan kept proddding at at the Lord at Job and being like, "Well, He's only this way because of this. He's only this way because of that. And he's only this way because you have a hedge over him. Or he's only this way because, you know, but you let me take his life. You know, you you let me take it. You let me come and you let me come upon him with, you know, with sickness and I'll make you curse him to his face. And God had so much confidence in Job. It wasn't because of all the knowledge that Job had, but that Job had a one-on-one relationship with the Lord that that that was able to give God confidence in knowing where he would react because he would react the same way God would react because he abided by his word. And the only way to know who God is, to be able to put God into a physical form would be by his scripture. And that's the thing is is we can't put God in an invisible body somewhere off in the distance somewhere. But we got to be able to place him to where we could have fellowship with him by his word. And the only way you'll find that is not through a good seminar. It's not through necessarily just a good message, but reading the word and figuring out who God really is. God is his word. And his word is what is going to remain. And if his word remains, then God will remain. And that's where we must see God here this evening is is that he's not just far off. And he's not just not untangible to where we can't shake hands or we can't hug, where we can't, you know, we can't see. We see God. And I say God is living here today. I say God that is living right inside of this building here this evening or this morning, whether we see it or we believe it or not, but God's not just wanting to stand on the outside of the believer and just instruct us all the days of his life, but he's desiring to get inside of a body. And he's desiring that you can be your Jesus that you can express your fellowship of God through for him to this world that we live in because we know that we know where the uh that that a lot of times this world the only Bible the only message that they're going to see is you women and the way that you dress and it's preached you know the way that it's preached through your lives and you men the way that you conduct yourselves out in the world. Amen. Uh I it's the way that you live your life and it's how it's preached. Your fellowship that you have with God. You could tell, you know, it's not something that you have to, you know, you you you know, any of us believers that are here this this morning, you could tell by an individual's life how far they are with the Lord by the way and the way they dress and and the way they speak about certain situations and the and the way they do things. you could see where their fellowship is at. And and you could see in in in believers, you know, that's the one thing I I'd always appreciated about, you know, uh some of the ministers that that I've gotten to hang out with, you know, and and you could sit there and you could sit and you can listen to them as they as they as they're studying and and and they're sitting there and you would all of a sudden they would just begin to speak out, Lord, I love you, Jesus. Lord, I I appreciate you watching me throughout the day and I appreciate you, you know, keeping my family safe and and you know, and I'd just be sitting in the van with him and I'd be like, who is he talking to, you know, and I'm I'm like, who is this guy talking to? But yet he treats but he treats the Lord as he as if he's an actual person because he is, you know, God is real, you know. I mean, I I I know we don't see him physically here, but yet God is really real. That's why when you pray and things happen is because somebody is listening. You know, you got there's there's a reciprocation that's going on here. And and that's the thing is is is we have to we have to be able to see God as more than just some figment of our imagination. But we got to be able to look at the word and say, you know what, by his by my by his stripes, I'm healed. And that's where you take the scripture and said, Lord, you're the master of the wind. You're the only one that can be be able to come and meet me in the middle of my circumstance. said, "Lord, I would just ask God that you would you would make yourself real." And the thing is is we have just as much as faith and I, you know, and I ain't got no problems with it or, you know, and I know things get weird talking about this subject when it comes to doctors, but you know, we have enough faith to be able to go to a doctor, you know, and and be able to look at him and be able to prescribe these things and do these things and all the but yet we leave God to the very end, you know, right? I'm talking like right before we get to our last heartbeat. It's like, Lord, okay, now I need you. And it should God's like, "Well, I've been here this whole time. I've just been waiting." You know, because God's not going to just encroach himself upon you because he's a gentleman. God's not going to go somewhere where where he's not wanted. You know, when you're sitting in your car and you're listening to your music and God's sitting there and he's he's pricking at your heart and he's wanting you maybe to turn the music down and and a message on or maybe to turn the music down and listen to your Bible or read your Bible and but yet you're in your heart. You're just you're not desiring fellowship with the Lord. So you just turn the music on and you just push that, you just forward God's, you know, spiritual message to your heart, you know, and you're just like, "Well, Lord, you know, I'll get to you in church or I'll get you." That's not God's desire. But here this evening, what God's desire is is when he's beckoning you is his desire is for a divine fellowship. Not just songs, not just hymns, but just something that he can be able somewhere you can relate and say, "You know what, Lord? I remember when I got back into fellowship with you and and and and and and I come to your presence and I realized Lord where where I had coming off or where I had fallen off and we all come to that place where we're just not we're just not in tune with his spirit. We all get to that place. We all get a little stickery. We all get a little get to a place with the Lord and that should be our little barometer when we go off you know when we go off and so it's why am I just so why am I just so you know when it comes to this person or I'm just so you know some of you look at I know I'm probably the only one that's you know but it just happens that way but but you know we come to a place with the Lord where we're like we we get we get just upset or we we get to a place where we're waiting for the Lord to do something or we're waiting for and and all of a sudden it just seems like that dove has flown off and we come to a place where we're like, "Lord, now we need you, but we're just so stickery and we're just so prickly and we're just so, you know, because, you know, we're not been reading the word of God. We've not been listening to the message and we've not been having divine fellowship with him." It happens. And if you don't think it happens that way, it can happen just as easily with an earthly friend. Amen. You have a friend that you don't talk with. You have a friend that you don't you don't you know you haven't spoke with for three or four years and all of a sudden they call and you're like yeah how you doing? Oh, doing good. Well, that sounds good. Well, see you later. It used to be the same person that you talk to for three or four hours. And you got, you know, and you know, girls, you can listen to girls do it all the time. All they do is giggle for like three or four hours, you know, they just sit and they giggle when they talk to each other about, you know, things that are going on and stuff. And there's really not I don't even know what they're fellowshipping over, honestly. you know, but they sit but you know, they don't have to they don't have to sit there and necessarily talk about a topic, but yet they're just enjoying each other's one another's company, you know, and that and if we're not careful, that's the way we be we become with God is we don't enjoy his fellowship when his presence comes down in the services is because our hearts have become prickly and we're more informed. We're more interested about, oh, we got this job to complete down here, or oh, you know, we got we got food to cook, or oh, we got I got to contact this person, or, oh, I got to do this. And we leave Jesus with dirty feet back at the church. And that might, you know, that might be pretty interesting to think about because you're sitting here and you're thinking, well, Lord, what do you mean? I've uh, you know, I'm a, you know, I'm a song leader or a musician. I'm a minister. And you're saying that I left you with dirty feet, but yet you've not had that communion with God. Yet yet you've not had that place where you sat at your pew and you just laid it all out on the line and you're just like, "Lord, I I'm a failure here and I'm a failure there and Lord, I you know, I I I I don't know exactly what to do here in this situation." And and Lord, I I just need your presence to be able to come upon my heart. And and all of a sudden, you begin to feel the hair sticking up on your shoulders. And you begin to feel the hair starting to kind of stick up on your arms. And you realize this presence is coming near. And you know what? And you take that opportunity to be able to tell that Lord how beautiful he is. And you begin to come and you begin to tell the Lord how much you appreciate him keeping your family and and keeping your daughters and your sons and providing a roof over your head. And it's that kind of fellowship that God just stops what he's doing in heaven. He begins to walk out and he begins to come through pass through the portals of time and he begins to come and sit in your pew next to you and he begins to explain to you about through his spirit and he begins to explain to you about how that everything is going to be okay and everything in your life is going to work or work okay. You just read his scriptures, listen to the message and you stay steadfast into the word. That's the type type of divine fellowship. He's looking to be able to work his word through an individual. Not not to just not so that it just falls on deaf ear deaf ears. The word of God isn't just something a rule or codes that it's been written, but he's looking for a believer to be able to stand out and say, you know what, the the word of God has empowered me to be able to have divine fellowship with him. Not just a dryeyed confession, but something that we amen can stake something in the ground and say, "You know what? I talked to God here." You know, I could imagine maybe just through David's life, you know, David spent a good portion of his life running from Saul. you know, he literally goes from tending sheep, having a revival with God, you know, for many of years and fellowship, divine fellowship, and then all of a sudden he goes from tending sheep to running for his life. And I begin to think about how that, you know, he begins to but he would probably look back as he's down in a cave somewhere and be like, God, you know, we know that we know that in Ziglag, you know, at the battle of Ziglag that he went back and he was just like, Lord, they're going to stone me. I mean, he's sitting there literally talking with God. And I could just see his conversation as he's running from Saul. It's like, Lord, what have you done? You know, why why why have I come to why have I come to this place? Why why why have you went from a place where you anointed me king and now I'm running for my life when I should be when I should be you know king of where where the place that you anointed me at but it was the even in that portion of his life God was having fellowship with him and he was creating he was creating character down inside of David and a lot of times that we're going through our struggles is not just something that not just something it's oh this is just part of God's program no it's it's a place where you know what Lord maybe I need to stop and have a have have a word with you, have a moment with you to where I can have this fellowship with you to where I know that you're God of the good times just as you're God of the bad times. like to just read this little passage, little portion here. And it says, "And when and when he the sinner and fell or when he had sinned and fell and that little black cloud in there had become and had marred and had blacked and and had it was black and he came in by the baptism of the Holy Spirit and chased sin out out of the human and brings man back again into fellowship with God." You believe that? Back. Now notice then that's where you are. That's the matter with the Pentecost. Now I'm not after this or out to preach this afternoon, but I have the right to the platform and don't never want to know any person of the flesh. That's why I'm standing here. That's what the matter with the Pentecostal people is is they don't recognize who they are. They don't recognize who they are. And that's where I feel like maybe if we're not careful, we could sit right here in this church and not recognize who we are. That was that was the thing is he wants to bring us into the fellowship of this mystery. The mystery that God's in you. Okay, let me finish my quote. bring back and notice or and he says we might have he says I don't never want to know any person after the flesh when I'm standing here and that's the matter with the Pentecostal people they don't recognize who they are they're sons and daughters of God you have it in your hand look then Jesus it was one time quoted in the scriptures ye are gods look deity I'm a part of Charles Brham because I was born from Charlie Brandham my daddy I'm a part of him. I've got a forehead like him. My hair was like him. I'm a small man like him. And I'm in the nature like him because he's my dad. And if we become in spirit sons of God, deity dwells in man. Hallelujah. He says, then you talk about the blind eyes being open. They said nothing is impossible to God. God said nothing is impossible with you. If you believe, not with God, but you deity is in man. The very God that stood back back back there in the mythical platform of the eternities or yeah mythical platform of the inter eternities and rolled the world off of his hand and created these things giving you the privilege to be his son and you're part of him and God dwells in mankind and man himself is deity. Hallelujah. There you are. It might choke you a little bit but study over it for a little while. See, he he is God dwells in man and man becomes a son, not in himself, but the Holy Spirit that's in him. The creator lives in his creation. Aren't you glad for that here this evening? It says the creator lives in his creation. Oh my, how I think of that. Then then stand with an unwavering faith and ask what you will. It'll be done unto you. That's what it is. There's where he is. And that's the fellowship that we're speaking of here. this morning is that you, the sons of God, the daughters of God, have come come back into divine fellowship with his creator. Not your way of thinking, not through your uh denomination, not through your uh your abilities, but through the word of God. And what it does is it links you back with the creator. And that and that's the been the mystery this entire time is God in you. That's the hope. That's the hope is that of God being able to pour himself into man and to be able to express himself through this through his word. Amen. As the musicians come here this and I'll close with these few little things here. I wasn't wanting to keep you very long here this morning. And I know uh we had we had a lot of things going, but I just wanted to be able to express a few things of few of these things on my heart, but it's not just regular fellowship, but it's a fellowship that God has with his creation. And the thing is is if we don't get past the mentality that I'm just a human or I'm just I'm just I'm nobody, that God would would want to fellowship, the thing is is God sits at your house. God sits in your chair. God sits in your couch. God sits right here on the pew here with you here this evening. And it's not a bad thing to be able to bring your problems to God because you know there's a lot of times that there's problems that we can't solve ourselves. But I am going to say that it's a good thing to be able to have real divine fellowship with him. Not just not just something that not just something like a lay me down to sleep, but yet you have the most ability out of anybody else any other time period, any other age that we've ever lived in. This group of people that that's sitting right here this morning has more ability to be able to touch the heart of God than any other times and times past because God's desiring to fellowship with you. God's desire is to be able to come in with you and share the likes and dislikes. And that was the thing is is when the the when the apostles were talking about having a fellowship with him that they were the first to see so they know what fellowship with him is. And sometimes fellowship is is being able to push what we want aside to be able to take on what God's ideas are because our ideas a little 50/50 sometimes. Sometimes our ideas on this brother or or on this idea when it comes to the word. But when you come to him, God seems to be able to straighten everything out. God's words be able God's word be able to come and as a son of God, you know, you know, going back in going back into adoption, brother Ben says this, and I'll read this quote here. It says when the adoption time has come, if the tutor that raised the child is found the child not worthy, they absolutely still remain a son, but they missed their adoption. But if they was adopted into the family, then they was in full fellowship with any check that they wrote was just as good as what they as what their daddy were owed. As many has as received him, to them gave he the power to become the sons of God. Many has called upon his name, and by the spirit were baptized into his body by the renewing. And there's where that comes in again, the renewing of their thoughts, not the slave mentality. Oh, I've done this and oh, I've done that and oh, I I've come. God's done washed all that away by the blood. And that's why he says that in order to come with this fellow, come by this fellowship, you got to be able to come through the blood. Okay. So, God has forgiven it, then why are you still bringing it back up? If God has forgiven you of your unworthiness, if God has forgiven you of of of your past sins and the things that you've done, now I'm not going to sit here and say you don't need to make it right. If there's something you need to make right, then you go do that. That that's what appear a sure sign that you are a son. But it's by the renewing of your mind. That way, your approach is different. The scripture talks about coming boldly to the throne of grace. You're not going to come boldly if you have all this baggage that you're weighing on you. You're not going to be able to come up and talk with God, you know, or you're not going to be able to, you know, we use children as an example, but you know, when Noah's in trouble, maybe 50/50. But when he comes to me, sometimes he he comes to me and he knows he's in trouble. He's just got that look on his face and you could tell by his facial expressions he's in trouble. But then there's times that he comes to me and it's it's not I'm in trouble. It's what are you doing? What are we doing? And that's where God's fellowship wants to be. He wants to have fellowship with his sons. He's tired of dealing with with humanity as he's tired of dealing with humanity as if like they're just some decrepit species that's been left on the earth somewhere. You know, it would it would anger me. It would anger me if my children come up to me as if they're they're just some servant or they're just some they're just some third party that's out there somewhere and I'm like and I come home and I'm always and I'm like where's my kids at? Like oh they're staying in the chicken coop because they don't want to they they don't think they're worthy enough to sleep in my in the beds now. They have their moments. And God doesn't want you just staying on the outsides in religion because you because you don't feel you're worthy or you don't feel that you're a son or you don't feel that you're a daughter or you don't feel that you know that oh he you know because we could get up here and preach these messages but Satan wants to sit there and say oh that's for your brother or that's for your sister that doesn't apply to you. I say it does apply to you. I say that you are a son of God. I say that you are a daughter of God. And you have just as much as as Enoch and Abraham and David if they had the ability to walk up and have fellowship with [Music] God. Let me tell you, when God was planning all this out, he had Miguel Gonzalez on his mind. When God was planning all this out, you know, he had haven on his mind. He was looking through the banisters of time. And it hurts God. I'm not speaking for God. I'm just speaking out in general. But it hurts God when you stand on the outsides of religion, on the outsides of his word and you sit there and you're like you're going through something, but you don't you don't get in fellowship with him and you don't get down on your knees and you're saying, "Lord, I I don't know this or I don't know that." And you and you go out and you look for what this doctor divinity says or what this says and he says, "My word says I say because you can't take you got to take a man at his word, right? And God is only as good as the what you allow his word to be. And if his word is your all and all and you've got that fellowship with him, you can be able to take this word and say, "Lord, look, I I'm tired of acting as if I belong in the chicken coop, but I'm an eagle." And Lord, I might be the sorryest eagle you got, which that's might be how you feel. But you know what he says? He gives more He gives more grace to the humble. And here this evening, don't stand on the outside of God's word as if you're just a a stepchild. Don't stand on the outside of God's word and say, "You know what? I I don't know if I can actually really have real fellowship with him like like brother Brandham or like my pastor or like these different ones." And every one of us have got a people that we look up to and we see. You can sit here and say, "No, I'm meant to have divine fellowship with him." God's sitting on the God's sitting, you know, and you dads know, you moms know of what it's like when you get home and you get there, you get home and you're sitting there and you're you're waiting for your children to come running for you, come running to you. You're waiting for you're waiting for your wife to be able to come. and you're waiting and but yet you come and there's no there's no reciprocation that takes place. You feel alone. Don't leave God alone. Don't leave God alone in in your prayer time. Don't leave God alone when you when when he beckons to you at your he beckons to you in your car, he beckons to you during the service or he beckons to you where wherever it might be. You know where that is? Where that still small voice comes and it just taps your shoulder and all of a sudden you begin to feel this this warmth feeling of peace come over to your body. Don't don't don't push that off. But I like how Samuel says, you know, he's Lord. Here I [Music] am. Lord, here I am. When God calls you, Lord, here I am. I'm your son. I'm your daughter. pushing back what the what the enemy says because sure thing he's going to try to keep you from fellowship with him. That's was his whole goal at the beginning that if I could divide them, if I could if I could divide the creator from his [Music] creation and it hurt God. It hurt him. That's why he slew a lamb. And when your kind was walking out of that garden that day, he promised he swore that he was going to restore fellowship. And I say that he has restored fellowship. He has restored that that place where you could walk out your door in the morning and said, "Lord, I see you everywhere." I like how you know the brother tells the story about the kid and he was talking about how he was asking his Sunday school teacher about where God is and where where and he kept find trying to find answers and he kept and he couldn't and he went fishing. I believe he was with one day on a with a man on a boat and he'd asked the man and he the man says well I see God everywhere. I see him in the trees and I see him in the I see him in the waves. to see him in all these different places until we get to that place where we see God everywhere we go because we're in fellowship with him. We have that divine fellowship. That's where I was just wanting to bring to our remembrance here this morning of where we are with fellowship. It's not just brother to brother and sister to sister. Those things are those things are fine. But but actual fellowship between a son and a father, an actual fellowship between a you know a a a daughter and their father because that's who you are. Don't come second rate to God. What are we singing mostly? And he walks with me. And he talks with me. And he tells me I am his own. And the joy we share as we tear be there none another has ever [Music] known to the garden alone. [Music] Oh, while the D is still on the [Music] road. And the voice I hear falling on my ear. The son of God [Music] discloses and he walks with me and he talks with me and he tells me I in his [Music] own. And a joy we share as we [Music] tear there. None other has ever known. [Music] He speaks and the sound of his voice is so sweet. The birds hush their singing and the melody that he gave to me within my heart is reading. [Music] and walk. Is that your desire here this [Music] morning is just to walk with the Lord? Maybe just to take a moment and say, "Lord, I desire to have fellowship. Lord, I'm I just don't want religion. I just don't want to a name lay me down to sleep. I just don't want to play a message and it just be something passing through my ears. But Lord, I desire a real divine fellowship. And if it's been a little while this morning, if it's been a it's if it's been a moment, you know, then why not take the time right now? Why not take this moment where where the spirit of the Lord is here and you have music playing and you've been like, "Lord, let me let me come to this place. Lord, forgive me for not fellowshipping with you, but Lord, I I should be fellowshipping with you. Let his divine presence come and meet your need here. Don't leave this place maybe too hasty. You know, you know where you're at. You know, you know where you are with God. And I promise you, God's knocking on the door. God's willing to come in. God's willing to be there. He's willing to have a real talk with you wherever you're at in your situations of your life. But he's willing to be there. Just give him a chance. Give God a chance. Give him more than just what you have time to give him, but give him out of your necessity. Give him give him something that that's Lord. I'm going to come to you with the sacrifice of praise. I'm going to come to you, Lord. I'm going to set aside time. [Music] Amen. Amen. Let's sing this. Let's sing that little that little song as the deer panth after the water break. The deer panth the water so my soul long after thee. And you alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. And you alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit [Music] yield. You alone are my heart desire and I long to worship thee. And you're my friend. And you are my brother. Even though you are my king. And I want you more than any other. so much more than [Music] anything. And you alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit heal. You alone are my heart desire and I long to worship [Music] thee. And I want you more than gold or silver. Only you can [Music] satisfy. You alone are my oil, joy giver and apple of my eyes. You alone are my strength, my shield. You alone does my spirit heal. You alone are mine hearts desire and I long to worship [Music] you. Amen. Just bow our hearts this evening, this morning. Heavenly Father, we love you, Lord. God, we're appreciative, Lord, of your spirit. Lord, thank you for coming and ministering to the hearts through songs, through your word. Lord, I would ask, God, that you would be real to everyone in this congregation. Lord, all those that might be seeking you here this morning, Lord, looking for that closer walk. Lord, I would pray that you would come and you would just beckon to them throughout the week, Lord. That they might draw themselves closer to you, Father. Lord, that they might be able to come Lord, put theirelves in a place with you, learn more about you, fellowship more with you, Lord Jesus. God, I would ask that you would just be with our friends that are going to be traveling this evening, some that are traveling tomorrow. God, I would just pray, Lord, that you would just meet their needs on the road. Lord, keep them safe. God, be with those that aren't here this morning, Lord. Give them rest, Lord. Heal their body. Lord, we just be careful to give you the glory here this evening or this morning in Jesus name. Amen. Sing let's sing a little song of pass me gentle savior. Oh J. Oh [Music] Savior, be my humble cry. [Music] And while on others bow our [Music] calling and do not pass me by. [Music] Saveior, my Savior. [Music] Won't you hear? [Music]
