################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-25 - 2026-01-25 Bro Wendall Martin White Like Snow - Wendall Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-25
Title:    2026-01-25 Bro Wendall Martin "White Like Snow"
Speaker:  Wendall Martin
Church:   New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 1h 28m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DeZYULLoEeA
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Hear your people sing. Have you come to sing that he's holy &gt;&gt; to the king? &gt;&gt; He's our kings. He's the king of kings. He's holy. You will always be holy. Holy forever. Sing that again. Oh the people of God. Oh your people sing. Oh to the king of kings. Holy. You'll always be holy. Holy forever. Can you say that this morning? I'm so glad that they put in our Bible verse there in Hebrews chapter 13 verse 8. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Isn't that a great thing? &gt;&gt; I am God and I change not. Amen. That he Thank God he what he says he means just has to say it once and it's it's forever for all time. Amen. And we can stand on that word this morning. Amen. With the full assurance that the one that promised will perform it. Amen. So, we want to go to him this morning in prayer. Since Brother Michael's really close, we'll just uh we'll save him a few steps. Amen. I'm real efficient. I try to be. Amen. So, Amen. Don't want to waste steps or waste time, Brother John. We want to get it done the first time. I heard the old saying that uh if you ain't got time to get it right the first time, when you going to have time to get it right the second time? So, uh, yeah. So, so good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. How many's glad to be here? Amen. I want to say thanks for all the work to get the sidewalks and the parking lot where we can at least get in the building and and have service this morning. And Amen. So, uh, no, uh, no written requests here this morning, but if you got a special need that you'd like to, uh, let the church know, Amen. just raise your hand. Amen. Sister uh, Fresca. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. Sister Fresca's asking prayer for her twin sister Jasmine. So she's uh fighting uh spiritual battles then. Amen. So she needs uh needs God. So let's uh let's pray that God send his angels to Amen. And come to her personally, not just send an angel. Just come himself. Amen. Amen. And so that's what it's all about. Amen. Any other special needs this morning? Amen. God bless you this morning. Brother Michael, just uh lead us in prayer. Let's just bow our hearts and go to the Lord in prayer here this morning. Heavenly Father, we love you, Lord. We thank you for your mercy. We thank you for your grace, your peace, Lord. Thank you for just keeping your hands on everybody during the winter storms and the cold, Lord, and allowing your peace and safety, Lord, to be around us. I would just ask that you would be in our service. Bless the speaker, Father. Those that have had needs, Lord. I would just pray that you would be with those needs, Lord. We would just pray that you would be with Sister Jasmine. Lord, is just weighing in the balance. You see the situation, the need. Father, I would just pray you would light her candle, Father. Lord, so that community could see your you, Father. And I would just ask these things in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. I know home that's bright and fair. Help me sing it this morning. My heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling home. nor pain nor death can or snow or ice. I feel like Oh, turn around and tell somebody. Well, I feel like traveling on. I feel like traveling on. My heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling on. Well, it's glittering towers. The sun out shines. I feel like traveling on that heavenly mansion shall be mine. I feel like traveling. Oh yes. I feel like traveling home. Yes, I feel like traveling on. My heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling home. Let others see a home below. I feel like traveling on which flames devour or waves are flow. I feel like traveling on. Yes, I feel like traveling on. Yes, I feel like traveling home. My heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling on. The Lord has been so good to me. I feel like traveling on until that blessed home I see. I feel like traveling on. Yes, I feel like traveling home. Yes, I feel like traveling home. My heavenly home is bright and fair. Oh, take it, brother Dylan. Come on. Well, yes, I feel like traveling on. Yes, I feel like traveling on my heavenly home. It's bright and fair. I feel like Oh, I'm starting to get happy about my heavenly home. Yes, I feel like traveling on. Yes, I feel like traveling on. My heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling on. Glory. Praise the Lord. I have known the Father's care for me. He's been good. He's been good through it all. He's always there for me. God's been good. Somebody testify by an uplifted hand. Oh, I have known the Father's care for me. He's been good, Lord. He's been good through it all. He's always there for me. God's been good. As they come for the offering, sing it one more time. Oh, I have known the father care for me. He's been good. He's been good through it all. He's always there for me. God's been good to me. Oh, God's been good to me. Amen. Would you bow your heads? Ask brother Caleb to ask the blessing. Lord Jesus, we love you, Father. And we just want to say thank you for your grace and your mercy and your protection that you have upon our lives, Father. And we just want to thank you for allowing us to gather together today, Father. Even though there's snow on the ground, we ask you just to bless these tithes and bless these offerings, Father, in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Can we go up to a Amen. Come and die. &gt;&gt; Jesus has a table spread where the saints of God are fed. He invites his chosen people come and dine. with his mannered of faith and supplies our every need. Oh to sweetness up with Jesus all the time. Come and dine. The master call come and die. Oh at Jesus table all the time. He fed and the multitude turned the water into wine. Oh, even this morning, Lord. Amen. The disciples came to land, thus obeying Christ's command. For the master called to them, come and dine. There they found their heart's desire. Red and fish upon the fire. Thus he satisfies the hungry every time. Oh come and dine the master call. Me Lord. Yes. You made feast at Jesus table all the time. He who fed the multitude. Turn the water into wine. To the hungry call it now. Come and die. Soon the lamb will take his bride to be ever at his side. All the host of heaven will assemble me. Oh will be a glorious sight. All the saints and spotless white as snow. Amen. Oh come and dine. The master call. Come and dine. You may feast at Jesus table all the time. He who fed the multitude, turn the water into wine. To the hungry, call it now. Come and dine one more time. Oh, come and dine. The master call, come and dine. Oh, you made feast at Jesus table all the time. And he who fed the multitude turned the water into wine. To the hungry call it now. Come and dine. To the hungry. Call it now. Come and dine. Amen. Aren't you glad for spiritual food in due season? Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Well, he's alive and well. Oh, living in me to tell the world that he is the same. Hebrews 13:8. Oh, he's the same yesterday and today and forever. Jesus is alive and well. Oh, sing it. Oh, he's alive and well. living in me to tell the world that he is the same. He is the same yesterday and today and forever. Oh, I want my grandkilled children come sing. I'm so blessed this morning. Amen. One more time. Declare, "Oh, he's alive and well." Oh, living in me to tell the world that he is the same. Oh, he's the same yesterday and today and forever. Jesus is alive. Oh, he's the same. Oh, he's the same yesterday and today and forever. Jesus is alive and Knocking at my door today. I ain't going to let it in. worry. Want to steal my joy away. I ain't going to let it end. Cuz on my best day, I'm a child of God. And on my worst day, I'm a child of God. Oh, every day is a good day. You're the reason why I'm so blessed. I'm so blessed. Got this heartbeat in my chest. Doesn't matter about the rest. I got you, Lord. I'm so blessed. So blessed. I'm so blessed. Got this heartbeat in my chest. It doesn't matter about the rest. I got you, Lord. I'm so blessed. &gt;&gt; Problems that I see. Hope looks all but gone. When I count the ways, you're good to me. You got me counting all day long. I'm so blessed. I'm so blessed. Got this heartbeat in my chest. It doesn't matter about the rest. I got you, Lord. I'm so blessed. I'm so I'm so blessed. Got this heartbeat in my chest. Doesn't matter about the rest. I got you, Lord. I'm so blessed. On my best day, I'm a child of God. On my worst day, I'm a child of God. Oh, every day is a good day. You're the reason why I'm so blessed. I'm a child of God. I'm a child of God. Oh, every day is a good day. You're the reason why I'm so blessed. I'm so blessed. Got this heartbeat in my chest. Doesn't matter about the rest. I got you, Lord. I'm so blessed. I'm so blessed. I'm so blessed. Got this heartbeat in my chest. It doesn't matter about the rest. I got you, Lord. I'm so blessed. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; How many's blessed this morning? &gt;&gt; Amen. On my best day and on my worst day. Amen. We're blessed. Amen. Thank you for that this morning. Amen. Can we stand just one more time? Just got this little course on my heart and I surround me, oh Lord. Amen. Is that C, Brother Kobe? G. Surround me, oh Lord. Surround me, oh Lord. Lord surround me, oh Lord. Let your spirit fill this place surround me. Oh Lord, surround me. Oh Lord, surround me, oh Lord. Let your spirit fill this place. Could we sing it again? Surround me, oh Lord. Surround me, oh Lord. Surround me, oh Lord. Let your spirit fill this place. Oh, let your spirit feel this place. Amen. He always goes where he's invited. Amen. And he keeps all his appointments. Amen. And are you so thankful for the word of the Lord, the message of the hour? Amen. So thankful this morning. Amen. That he was surround us. Amen. It's just kind of like the snow. I mean, I've been out in it a little bit myself. And uh it's just fills every crack and corner, Brother John. I mean, just gets everywhere, places you don't want it to be. Amen. But I just thinking just we want Christ. Amen. Just to surround us this morning. Amen. Is that your desire? Well, as the man of God gets ready to come. Amen. Just sing this course with me. Amen. I'm loving you more every day. Amen. I don't even have a have a key for that, brother Kobe. You might have to help me. Amen. I'm loving you more every day. Oh, I'm loving you more. Oh, have you got time to love him this morning? He loves you. Oh, the more I know you. I just want to show you I'm loving you more. Oh, sing it again as the man of God comes. Oh, I'm loving you more every day. Oh, I'm loving you more every day. Oh, the more I know you, Lord. I just want to show you I'm loving you more every day. Oh, can we give him a wave offering and praise? Oh, I'm loving you more every day. Oh, I'm loving you more every day. No more you. &gt;&gt; Oh, I'm loving you more every day. Oh, I'm loving you more every day. All the more I know you. I just want to show you &gt;&gt; I'm Oh Jesus, I'm loving you. &gt;&gt; Yes, I'm loving you more every day. Hallelujah. Amen. many many amen. We truly do love the Lord and Amen. So thankful for his blessings and his love to us. Amen. As as believers and um Amen. Good to see everyone has braved the snow and and uh to to make it out here today. And so we say God bless you and uh we we want to uh just say a special thanks to to uh brother Merl, brother Michael, brother um uh Nathaniel, brother Devin, brother Daniel uh for for their hard work so that we could come out here and um and so I I was uh I I was trying to hurry and get out the door to come out and do the the the sidewalks and brother and and I come out, brother Merl's outside there and and he was he was getting all the snow off my truck and and uh uh took care of our sidewalk and and all of that. I tell you, I appreciate that. God bless you, brother Merl. And um I uh so you know and so I said well we you know you think we need to do the snow you know and he says it's already taken care of over there on the sidewalk. So uh that was just wonderful. So we we appreciate that and um just were I I love snow. Amen. Uh you know I I'm not I'm not a guy that's uh I don't like the ice but you know we haven't had snow like this in a long time. And so, uh, so we we're I know you kids love that snow. Amen. But, uh, everybody but Noah. Noah don't like snow for some reason. No, he likes the snow, too. So, we u uh we have a few that's that's that's joining us online here this morning. So, we say God bless everyone on the internet. And um it looks like we were the only the the only ones having church here in town. All church roll. Everyone was all dismissed. So uh it it was nicer this morning. If if you have your Bibles, let's look here at Isaiah 52. And um we're going to start at the sixth verse. And so, um, we we just want to, um, minister, I figure since it was a snowy day, we would just, um, um, Amen. We'll just name our our title, White Snow. &gt;&gt; Man, so, how do you kids like that? Amen. White like snow. And so um let's let's look here at Isaiah 52 and6. It says, "Therefore my people shall know my name. Therefore they shall know in that day that I am he that does speak. Behold, it is I." Now there's he's there's going to be a messenger, the messenger of messengers. And last week we talked about how Jesus was greater than angels. He was greater than than any supernatural thing. He was great even greater than the prophets. Jesus was the greater. And so he's saying in that day they shall know that I speak. Now then in the seventh verse he'll talk about the other messengers. Uh, how beautiful upon the mountain are the feet of him that bringeth good tidings, that publisheth peace, and brings good tidings of good, that publisheth salvation, that saith unto Zion, thy God reigns. So, this is still the voice of the one speaking. But the apostle Paul says that there would also be um the five-fold ministry that would bring this great news. And then the eighth verse, thy watchmen shall lift up thy voice up the voice with the voice together shall they sing. For they shall see eye to eye when the Lord shall bring again Zion. Break forth into joy. Sing together, ye waste places of Jerusalem, for the Lord has comforted his people. He has redeemed Jerusalem. Can I hear an amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Father, we want to thank you today for your grace and for your mercies. Lord, we have been enjoying the snow and we thank you for keeping us all safe. Lord, thank you for protecting our homes and and Lord, just we we want to say thank you, Father. And Lord, as we come here today to worship, I ask, Lord, that your Holy Spirit would be among us in a in a real special way. Lord, we we ask that you would be with those who could not make it. All of our elders, Lord, who who are faithful to come, but Lord, they've stayed home and in the warmth and and we just ask, Lord, that you would be with them and ask Lord that they would the presence of God would be with them. Lord, we ask that you would help us this morning. We love you and we thank you for all things that you have given us in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Can the church say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And amen. God bless you. You can be seated. We um so we are thankful for this messenger. This messenger that came and amen Jesus Christ. You know, I I I I've thought of a faithful messenger. And as we think about um white as snow, I think you you know where we're going. I've got that where the scripture says your your sins will be white as snow. And and the the thing is we had to have a messenger from heaven. Amen. And this messenger was we've had a lot of messengers over the past. lots of angels like that that have that have visited prophets do that that have been um a very faithful messengers. Amen. And but but we needed a messenger that would that would be more than an angel. It would be more. And when Jesus came, he was a faithful messenger of eternal life. He was different because again, Amen. Uh he was he was God and he was human. So it wasn't just a shiny angel. It wasn't it wasn't Amen. But Jesus came, lived among us, dwelt among us. And I and I thought, Amen. Um I I I thought of a faithful servant, a faithful messenger. uh uh the the the Bible would actually refer to a faithful messenger as uh as snow in the harvest. There there in in Proverbs 29 and 13, it says, "As the cold of snow in the time of harvest, so is a faithful messenger to them that send him, for he refresheth the soul of his masters." I I've thought about the the the beauty of snow and and um I'm sure all of you kids were out playing in the snow and and God wanted to bring a few things with snow in it. And I I I thought, you know, sort of departing from what I was originally going to minister on, but snow represents purity, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Snow represents righteousness. It is refreshing and cool. Amen. and and and snow. Snow just makes everything beautiful. Makes the trees beautiful. All of those old dead trees and maybe you live in an ugly house on the outside and it it it just all of a sudden becomes pretty. Amen. When you when you've got the snow and and so, amen, a messenger to God is is refreshing as and that's the reason he had put it here as as the cold of snow in the time of the harvest. Amen. maybe uh uh don't don't really uh uh you know maybe the the the the moisture coming down and and and bringing in and refreshing the soul of of of his master and and um I I've thought about the messengers that God has sent over o over the the the Bible times. They were not just to cheer you. Amen. We needed more than just being cheered. We needed more than just being a um having a a a good speech or a a motivational talk. We as as as humans needed something greater. Jesus talked about, Amen. He gave a parable and how that Amen. the king would send messengers and and and and which were types of prophets and they would kill the messengers and the king was so so wanted to get the message to the people and make sure. So he sent messenger after messenger and they killed them. And then the Bible says that the king sent his very own son with the wi-i with with with the document and and said now now this must get to the people and and the Bible says that and Jesus said that they killed the messenger killed this his his the king's own son killed the very prince of life and and so amen of course we we understand that in God's providence. God knew that that was going to happen. And and and and so here the great king, the eternal God who had no body, &gt;&gt; Amen. would send uh uh these prophets because they were humans and they would kill the prophets. Did y'all know that? Did you kids know that most of the prophets were killed? They were persecuted. &gt;&gt; Sure. by the by the ones that that God would send them to. He would send them to the people and and and and tell them. It wasn't it wasn't a feel-good message. It wasn't a a a feel-good, but it was usually one saying, "Hey, Amen. You need to you you're in sin and and you've got these these things that you need to clarify in your Amen. You need to make your soul righteous before God. And and and and so but they would kill him. Amen. And and uh UH SO SO I YOU KNOW AS WE AS WE BEGIN TO THINK ABOUT this messenger here this morning. Amen. That when Jesus came it was sort of a trick. The devil were trying the devil was trying to kill the voice. But within this body was the code of life. And when they when they killed Jesus and THE BLOOD WAS COMING DOWN, THAT WAS NOT just human blood. It was God's blood in the body of Jesus. AND WHEN THE BLOOD CELL WAS BROKEN, eternal life was spilt or not spilt, brother brother Ken uh he corrected me on that one time and that is true. It's not spilt. Jesus gave his blood. AND SO THE BLOOD THAT WAS that that was coming down would be the very blood that would save you and me. &gt;&gt; And and and it was IT WAS GOING TO be so pure. THIS BLOOD WAS SO RIGHTEOUS. IT WAS SO PURE. AMEN. THE PURITY OF OF GOD'S DNA was in this blood. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. No sin. NOW IN YOUR blood you we all come from our mom our daddy's blood cell right all of you kids come from from from a blood cell of your daddy and so you have got and and you have got a lot of mixed traits from your mama from your daddy you you they all come together that's all runs in your blood did you know as boys and girls that you guys can take they can do a test on you and and and can tell you whether or not you're going to have diabetes in the future, whether or not you you you there's there's there's a possibility of cancer. There's there's a lot of that that they can look through your your your blood cell. Praise the name of the Lord. BUT WHEN GOD CAME, GOD SENT THIS MESSENGER. And this messenger that came, God put the pure blood cell in this body. They had been killing every other messenger. They had been killing them. And he knew they were going to kill THIS ONE. BUT WHEN THIS ONE WAS KILLED, it was not going to be normal human blood, but it was going to be the very blood of God. &gt;&gt; And that BLOOD THAT WAS THAT WAS THAT BLOOD CELL THAT WAS open would give eternal life to you and to me. Do you realize tonight that you are saved or this morning that you are saved by the blood of God? &gt;&gt; So we don't need motivational speeches. We were in the prison house of sin and and we had the task masters of defeat. Amen. Task masters of devils of lying, devils of stealing, devils of cheating, rebellious devils. these these devils, amen, were taking advantage of us and and we did not need a a denominational uh messenger to to MOTIVATE SOMETHING in us and tell us how good we are and we when we get to heaven, we you know, everything's going to be good. But God wanted to do something for us right now. &gt;&gt; Well, praise the Lord. Now those messengers would be as snow to God. It would be refreshing to God. Amen. Do do you realize how how important this is? Because now now first of all I think we need to the the scripture that you you kids have probably learned in Sunday school uh uh there in Romans 3 and10. As it is written there is none righteous, no not one. There is none that understands. There is none that seeks after God. And the 12th verse there uh they are all gone astray. They are uh together become unprofitable. There is none that doeth good. KNOW NOT ONE. SO THIS MESSENGERS I I I even say the five-fold ministry today that is declaring the message as brother John did the other night as as you hear. Amen. Uh I mean it is such a wonderful masterpiece but and and and you hear ministers minister. Brother Kobe, brother Michael, uh uh brother Josh, the different ones that minister, they they are THEY ARE LIKE REFRESH. THEY ARE TO BE LIKE REFRESHMENT to our hearts. When when we come to church and sometimes we're weary, we're tired. We're Amen. But God sends these messengers to to let us know how how wonderful it is. But it would not be anything if God did not shed his blood to give us his righteousness. Amen. H how would you like to stand it before God on that day? How would you like to stand before God on that day and and God saying, "Amen. uh uh that there is none righteous, know not one. H how would you like to stand there and say you're not righteous? You can't do good. But you see, Amen. This messenger Jesus Christ, Amen. He come, he come bearing the very blood of God. There in Isaiah 1:18, God is saying, "Come now and let us reason together, saith the Lord. Though your sins be as scarlet, nasty, and bad, and ugly, yet they shall be white as snow. &gt;&gt; Though your sins ARE DARK AND UGLY. HALLELUJAH. AMEN. And y'all remember the time that I done the little illustration where we had the the little scummy pond over here and then and then the the the the fountain of life and all of the scum that was in it. That's what we were. And yet God says, "God sends a messenger. Come, let us reason together. &gt;&gt; LET'S LET'S LET'S SIT DOWN AND TALK." THERE'S SOMETHING about God. He's got to get the news to his people. Amen. &gt;&gt; AND HE SAYS, "THOUGH YOUR SINS ARE LIKE that mucky," Amen. nasty stuff that I brought, they shall be white as snow again. What does God What is God wanting? God is wanting to share his righteousness with us. &gt;&gt; Amen. Well, praise the Lord. that they're in in Psalms 51 and6. Behold, thou desires truth in the inward parts, and in the hidden part, thou shalt make me to know wisdom. Now, now this is incredible because lots of religion just wants to make you look good. So, anybody that comes into the church, man, some people, they won't even allow them to come in, ladies, to come in uh wearing pants. They they they won't let them come in uh if they they won't even let them get baptized, if they if they don't have everything all taken care of. And and Amen. But yet GOD'S DESIRE IS is saying, LISTEN, I WANT IT to be the insight. I want I'm reasoning with you. I And that's why the preacher comes service after service. Listen, you're in YOUR SIN. YOU'VE GOT TO COME TO ME. SURRENDER TO ME. I will bring you eternal life. You must follow me. &gt;&gt; Well, praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; But he he doesn't want it necessarily on the outside first. He wants it on the inside. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. HE WANTS YOU TO LOVE RIGHTEOUSNESS. He wants every one of you children to love righteousness. So what that means is, Amen. There's no one sneaking around the the back of the building. Amen. Trying to light up a used cigarette and see what it tastes like or or or or sneaking around and getting a piece of candy off the off the uh uh you know AT THE STORE. GOD GOD IS THAT THAT ACT IS WRONG. SMOKING IS WRONG. WEARING PANTS IS DEFINITELY wrong according to scripture. Amen. Doing these things are definitely WRONG. BUT GOD WANTS it on the inside of us. &gt;&gt; Now, NOW HE WAS SAYING HERE, he says, "NOW, AMEN. THOU DESIRE TRUTH ON the inside and then the hidden part that no one knows about." He wants truth. Amen. What would truth? Truth is is being what you are. Amen. what you are right sitting here this morning being the same person when you're by yourself. Amen. When you're when it's just two of you teenagers together. When it's just two of you little children together. HE HE WANTS HE WANTS IT TO BE AMEN. the the the hidden part to be just as pure as the as as as as what you all look here at church here this morning. Yes. &gt;&gt; And when God begins to do this, watch him and and and and he's and he's saying, "Behold, thou desest truth in the inward part and in the hidden part, thou shalt make me to to know wisdom. Purge me with hissip and I shall be clean. Wash me and I shall be white like snow." &gt;&gt; You look at that beautiful snow out there and how beautiful it is. God can. So God, that's the way he looks at us when we repent of our sins. &gt;&gt; We're just as white and beautiful. &gt;&gt; Well, praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; AMEN. SO, THE MESSAGE HAS COME to us. Oh, aren't you glad that God sent us a messenger in this day &gt;&gt; when it was all muddled again where the Bible says, the Bible says that this day, Amen. is you you make the profane holy and the holy things profane. In other words, YOU'VE GOT IT SO MIXED UP UNTIL WHEN YOU when we YOU JUST DON'T KNOW UNTIL UNTIL YOU TELL A woman it is wrong. It is sinful for you to wear a pants. She says, "I love God just like I am." And that Well, no matter what the Bible says, &gt;&gt; you can say, "Amen." Well, uh, you you you can say, "THE BIBLE SAYS BE BAPTIZED IN JESUS' NAME." And and they'll say, "No, no, I'm I'm going to be baptized in the Trinity." AND YOU SAY, "WELL, THAT'S NOT THERE WAS NO ONE IN THE BIBLE EVER baptized that way." See, it's so mixed up. IT'S SO MUDDLED. AMEN. Until everything is just whatever goes. Until the word of God doesn't have an effect. But yet it is God's word. Amen. The word was made flesh. It was the blood cell of the word that come to cleanse us. It cleanses us on the inside. And how do you know that you're cleansed on the inside? By looking at the word ON THIS THIS THIS WRITTEN PAGE. And when you look and your inside begins to agree with what is written, then you can say, "Ah, there's something pure. God's doing something with me." &gt;&gt; But we were going, we were living in a day and God says right before, Amen. the destruction is going to take place. I'm going to send you an Elijah and he is going to be a faithful messenger and he's going to point you back to this right here. Why? I want you to be pure. Did you know that brother Brandham says when you believe the word of God, he says you are being washed by the washing of the bloody bleeding word. AMEN. &gt;&gt; THE BLOOD CELL THAT MAKES YOU WHITE. THE BLOOD CELL THAT MAKES YOU WHITE BECOME AMEN. become flesh to die for us. It was the word. Well, praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Look, look at look at what it's done for us there in First John 3 and2. BELOVED, NOW ARE we the sons of God. Not when we get to heaven. &gt;&gt; We're not going to be sons when WE GET TO HEAVEN. NOW, WE are the sons of God, and it doesn't yet appear what we shall be, but we know that when he appears, we're going to be like him. Why? Because the blood cell has been. We've been washed. The messenger has come. WE HAVE ACCEPTED HIS MESSAGE. We understand where he's at. Now, watch. He says, "We know that when he shall appear, we shall be like him, for we shall be as he is. And every man that has this hope in him purifith himself even as he is pure." &gt;&gt; Isn't that beautiful? Why? Because God has made us righteous. Did you know that that that when Daniel seen seen the ancient of days, God when he seen him in his theophony body, Amen. There there in in in the heavens, he says that he has had a garment on as white as snow. &gt;&gt; Now, you say, "Well, what does that?" Well, good. Well, white as snow. Okay. &gt;&gt; White as snow means a lot. &gt;&gt; White as snow means no sin. &gt;&gt; WHITE AS SNOW MEANS PURITY. WHITE AS SNOW. DID YOU KNOW THAT when we that that the righteousness that is given to us is white? &gt;&gt; Beautiful garments of God. &gt;&gt; So God's got a garment white as snow. And in Revelations 21, the the Bible says, amen, that he has given us or 19, Revelations uh uh uh well, let me just let me just read this to you. Daniel 7 and N I beheld till the thrones were cast down, the ancient of days did sit, whose garment was white as snow, and the hair of his head with like pure wool, his throne like the fiery flame, and his wheels as burning fire. Did you know that this was the revelation that God was was was going to do in these last days when all the kingdoms come tumbling down and we're connected with it? And Revelations 19:7, let us be glad and rejoice and give honor to him for the marriage of the lamb has come and his wife has made herself ready and to her is granted that she should be raised in fine linen clean AND WHITE. AMEN. Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Just like our messenger that came to us. &gt;&gt; Just like our messenger that came, righteousness. What? Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; White like snow. Beautiful. God makes all things beautiful. Amen. If we have a smutty heart here this morning and maybe maybe our heart isn't quite right. You say, "Well, I just have a hard time living the Christian life." Oh my friend, let me be a messenger. Let me be one of those FEET THAT ARE RUNNING OUT DECLARING PEACE TO YOU. PEACE. YOU CAN HAVE PEACE IN YOUR HEART. YOU CAN HAVE PEACE IN YOUR MIND. YOU DON'T HAVE TO STRUGGLE WITH GOD ANYMORE because the messenger, HE GAVE HIS LIFE. THE PRINCE OF PEACE, THE KING'S SON, HAS COME AND GAVE HIS life &gt;&gt; so that you can be pure, clean, and wine. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Well, that makes me just want to shout hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Yes. Purity. See, God will put that in our hearts and and and we don't want to come to church and just for a motivational time. I mean, why why come to church? Amen. to just do that. And a lot of times people just you and you kids can do that too. You can get busy uh uh doing your own things and and and and coloring your in your books and writing and whatever and and not and and not really understand that maybe the messenger may be knocking at your heart today and the messenger is saying I love you. I love you. Amen. And and and trying to let us know these things. Are are you understanding? because he's it well there's no there's no difference whether we're little kids or whether we're old people. No, we are his children and his message is I want you to be pure and holy. Well, can you say amen? &gt;&gt; First John 3 and 7 it says, "Little children, let no man deceive you. He that doeth righteousness is righteous." Think about that, BOYS AND GIRLS, MAMAS AND DADDIES, THAT GOD CAN SAY you're doing righteous because you are righteous. &gt;&gt; You have desires. Oh, does that mean that we don't sin? No. That means when we do sin, we're very We're not going to hide it. We're not going to hide it again. We're not going to hide our iniquities. We're not going to hide or No, no, no, no. We just simply bring it before God. Amen. And I don't know how he does it. Hallelujah. But he drops it down in his blood and we come out white as snow. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of the Lord. &gt;&gt; And he says this, the Bible says that there in 1 John uh uh uh uh 3 and1 I I believe it is is in in and you know I say that you sin not. that if you do sin, we have an advocate with the father, Christ Jesus the righteous. &gt;&gt; The righteous, righteousness like snow. Come on. Sins is scarlet. Amen. Righteousness like snow. He that doeth righteousness is righteous even as he is righteous. He that committh sin is of the devil. For the devil sins from the beginning, for the for this purpose the Son of God was manifested that he might destroy the works of the devil. Whosoever is born of God does not commit sin, for his seed remains in him, and he cannot sin because he is born of God. You go, Brother Wendle. Amen. Oh my. Well, I think we all sin. But here's the secret. Amen. The old heart of unbelief that says, "No, I'm not going to obey God. I'm not going to I'm not going to throw away my pants or I'm not going to No, I'm not going to I'm going Listen, I've not got caught when I've stolen the the the the uh uh the gum. I've not got I Well, that's sin. That and and God says, "No, you you you've not been born again yet." But when you make a mistake, your heart grieves and you go, "I knew better and I shouldn't have." And mama, I'm sorry. And and and you might you might get your your my mama used to say your tan your your hide tanned. Amen. and uh uh get get a whooping and but but what you're doing is is you are you are admitting that you're wrong. Why? Because that soul on the inside says, "No, I'm not a sinner." The soul is no longer a sinner. It's righteous. And a righteous soul is not going to let you get by with sin. &gt;&gt; A righteous soul, can you say amen? Then you know you're born of God. God's Holy Spirit within you is saying no, no, no, no, no. Well, praise the Lord. Is that right? &gt;&gt; Amen. So, so we we want to and and that righteousness and we I want to read one more place before I go on uh uh go on further here. there in Titus 2 and 11. It says, "For the grace of God that brings salvation has appeared to all men, teaching us that denying ungodliness and worldly lust, we should live soberly, righteously, godly in this present world, looking for that blessed hope and the glorious appearing of the great God and our savior Jesus Christ, who gave himself for us. Someone say hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That he might redeem US FROM ALL INIQUITY. &gt;&gt; And purify unto himself a peculiar people zealous of good works. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; There's something about that soul that God makes pure. You just want to please him. You want to do that which is honorable to him. Your heart wants that. Amen. And you're and the Bible says you're zealous. You're you're you're passionate about being a Christian. You're passionate about living for God. You're passionate this word. You want to display God in everything that you do. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Well, can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. I thought of another thing as as we as as as as I get ready. Not going to hold you long this morning, but the the the another thing about the snow IS IS GOD GOD ALSO I I I THOUGHT ABOUT how that uh uh we are one body, &gt;&gt; but we are many members. &gt;&gt; Many many membered body. SO, THERE'S A WHOLE BUNCH OF US. AMEN. We're all individuals here. And uh but we make up the church, the body of Jesus Christ. There there in 1 Corinthians 12:20 says, "You are the body of Christ and members in particular." Now, uh and and Caleb, if you'd go out there and and and u get me a little bit of that snow. I I've got it right out there by my door. And and I I'm going to bring some snow in here. Hallelujah. And then um uh and then Sister Leah brought me a a magnifying glass. I think the magnifying glass may be I think I left it over here. Hallelujah. It in the uh in my office here. Hallelujah. Let's see. I do not Oh, there's the magnifying glass right there. Oops. I locked that door. Caleb, are you &gt;&gt; Yep. Okay, I locked him out. So, we've got um we we've got uh this beautiful snow, the beautiful snow that we have here. And um so we we and it and it and it and it looks so gorgeous. It just sparkles. You you can see it sparkling in in in the light. It just sort of sparkles. That's beautiful. But you know, do you realize that this snow is all made up of little flakes? And you can see it when you look down. You can just see all the little sparkles. Looks like there's little diamonds all in it, right? Y'all seen that? When you go out there, look, look at it just sparkling around. See? And and but but when you look at this the snow Amen. If you if you look here at the snow with a magnifying glass, they're all made up of little little bitty look at them through the magnifying glass there. And you can see you have to pull it up there a little bit and you can see individual little bitty snowflakes. Do you see it? The little bitty ones here. Let me see if I can I can I can get it now. Just look in there. And you can see those little bitty. They're tiny little bitty snowflakes. See that? Huh? Look. Look at that little Now, we are all members of one body. And it takes all of us little snowflakes. All of us. You're righteous. And you're righteous. And you're righteous. And even Gamy's righteous. And you're righteous. And God. And you're righteous. Not going to leave you out. And And God has made us all refresh. We become messengers &gt;&gt; to the world. &gt;&gt; Refreshment to the world. Oh, it's all melting. Hallelujah. Let me spread this out a little bit so you can you can still see the little the little flakes in there. Ju just look at those little flakes. Hallelujah. I hope you can still see it. The little bit of They're individuals. Little bitty teensy wincsy snowflakes. And you may look so little teensy wincy. Amen. But but but yet God together as one body. Can you see it? The little bitty flakes. Hallelujah. These guys don't pay attention in school, so I'm going to show them, too. Those little little bitty things. You see it? &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. So, God has made us Well, come up here and I'll show you real quick, Noah. Anyway, and and God has has made us the same way. And uh you see can you see those little bitty flex little bitty ones down in there? See it? It just makes it so cute. Now we Hey, these boys. Um they've been helping me a little bit. These these young uh we had I had Micah and Uriah and Noah helping me the other day at the fellowship hall. And I'm here to tell you, uh, you guys, you you you guys will be amazed what they done once you see it. But the, um, so so the Oh, yes. And then and then and then we also have uh a help from from these older ones, too. And they're, you know, we're we're just blessed to have great great kids. Amen. &gt;&gt; We we're just blessed to have such great kids that that that help us as we work and and uh and we appreciate all of them. &gt;&gt; We all matter. All of our personalities matter and and as the snow I I couldn't I you know it the uh bringing it inside. You can do it outside. You can do the experiment. and and uh I got this from Sister Leah uh uh the the the the magnifying glass, but outside when you look at there is no snowflake. If you separate them out there in the cold, there is no snowflake that is the same. They're all different. &gt;&gt; Every snowflake is different. And how many millions of snowflake do y'all think's in this? &gt;&gt; And they're all so different. See, God makes us different, but we're all righteous through the messenger Jesus Christ. And that's why it's so that's why we have Sunday school. That's why we have different preachers more than just me preaching. more than just uh uh brother Michael, brother KBY, brother John more. Why? Why is we want every message God has sends messenger after messenger after messenger to make sure we get the good news &gt;&gt; to make sure that you understand that you can be righteous. So, if there's someone here and you're amen, you're dabbling in sin, you're playing in sin, you're in open rebellion against the word of God, I say today, be pure. How do we do it, God? As as as God says, let let's come together. Remember the scripture I just read, come, let us reason together. Though your sins be as scarlet, they'll be as white as snow. Amen. &gt;&gt; I I I just I just love it. &gt;&gt; I just love it. And And so here the Bible says there in in in 1 Corinthians 12 and um uh 12 and and one or 12 and 20. But now they are many members but one body. Now this like that snow. The eye cannot say to the hand, I have no need of you. Neither can the head to the feet, I have no need of you. Nay, much more those members of the body which seem to be more feeble are necessary. &gt;&gt; So one of you girls can say, "Well, I can sing good. Huh? I can sing better than her. I can sing better than him." And the other one says, "Well, I'm prettier than you." And see that those are those No, God makes us all different. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Not everybody can can be the same thing. And we don't want everybody to the same thing. I mean, we cannot have everyone good-looking like me. What? That wasn't a good Okay, I'm sorry. Amen. So, those girls have their mouths open going, "Hallelujah." So, that's a bad illustration. Not everyone can be good-looking like those girls. Is that better? Okay. Amen. So, uh it it you we we're all different. But we're all righteous. What that means is there's no one that's going to discount sin. And God can never discount sin from us. What he expects from you is what he expects from me. What he expects from me. No. Sin is sin. And you're going to go to hell if you don't fix it. &gt;&gt; But yet God comes in and get the messenger. And he's screaming out, "Here's my word. Take it." In the last day, what did he say? He would send us a prophet and then also there in Revelations it says he himself would come down in Revelations the 10th chapter WOULD COME DOWN WITH an open book and he would say eat it. Eat it. Eat the book. I want you to eat this so that you can become messengers of righteousness. God wants us to be righteous. He has sent us this message. Amen. See, so you kids just thought you weren't going to have Sunday school. Well, you have Sunday school yet right now because I'm doing Sunday school. Praise the Lord. And and so so he wants us TO BE RIGHT. GOD SENT US THE PROPHET. And then 1963 when those seven angels come down and gave gave the revelation to the seven seals, the Bible when when God wanted to show it in a mystery form, now we went and we heard these sermons of of the the seven seals open. But when God wanted to show us in a in a in make it easy for us to understand, he said, "It's going to be the mighty angel, which was Christ." And he's going to come and he's going to open the book and then he's going to hand it to you and he's going to say, "Eat it." &gt;&gt; Why? He wants us to be righteous, &gt;&gt; sir. &gt;&gt; He wants us to be righteous. That's what he wants. So listen, we can be righteous. Just take him at his word. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Live this word. Amen. Not not not not in just on the outside. Only you know what's on the inside. &gt;&gt; Only you know what's here. You know what you're craving here. You know what's here. And the Holy Spirit also if he's there then he starts convicting us. &gt;&gt; The great messenger of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. All right. So how how was that Sunday school lesson? Hallelujah. This is not a good time to walk out. Amen. Well, I got I got an applause from everyone and one walking out. Amen. But uh uh so so God is is definitely definitely good to us. I I I want How many of you kiddos want to be righteous? As God is righteous. Hallelujah. in this age where where where there's so much there's so much uh uh inferiority complexes. So many complexes and u Amen. And we and and we've got we've got psychologists and psychiatrists and oh man they're making a lot of money trying to make people feel good about themselves. And uh but you can't. It's not going to work because if you've got that sin nature on the inside of you, it just doesn't quite Amen. That's Hallelujah. like putting lipstick on a pig or something. And but what we want we we want we want God to make this clean. And when he does this, everything begins. Now, we still fight in our mind. We do. But at least we have this reality in our hearts. Can you say amen? If the musicians would come. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. Amen. I I love him here this morning. &gt;&gt; God is so good. Why don't we just sing that song? God is so good. God God is so good. God is so good. God is so good. He spoke me to. And why don't we say I love him so? I love him so. I love him so. Yeah. Yeah. You're young and singing with us now. I love him. So, he's so good to me. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Messengers are just just incredible and so neat. It's so neat to know and see what God how good God has been. looking at all of you pretty kids and and sledding with a bunch of you yesterday. I uh I thought, you know, it is it is so it it's it's so special that that God would make sure that you all are raised in Christian homes and that you have mamas and daddies that love We got Sunday school teachers. You've got God's just really been good to us. Really been good to us. And we look out and around and when you go out there and look at the snow, I believe maybe God might have sent a little sent some messengers to us through the snow. And when you look at that snow and you're out there playing and the purity of the snow, say just I'm just as righteous and pure as this snow. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Isn't that Isn't that just wonderful that he loves us so much? Why Why do people not spend time in prayer? Is because they feel like maybe your kids and maybe God it's for the adults. Why do adults not spend time in prayer? uh lots of reasons, but some big reasons is when they go to prayer, they sort of feel icky and yucky a little bit and I don't know if I'm worthy. And let's just wipe that all out. Let's come before the Lord with the righteousness that Jesus gave us. They're beautiful clothes. Let's sing it to him again. God is so good. Oh, God is so good. God is so good. God is so good. He's so good to me. God answers prayer. God answers prayer. God answers prayer. He's so good to me. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Well, he's wonderful. Amen. He's so good to us. And uh you know I I I just I'm just so thankful that the um man God uh has given us all those wonderful gifts in our lives and uh so precious so precious and and we rejoice. We rejoice with one another and we uh we work together. We play together. We we rejoice with one another because he's made us all one body. Praise the Lord. Why don't we stand to our feet as we get ready to to dismiss? And um we sure want to keep all of our those who are fighting sickness, brother Mike, sister Denise, and and um uh the different ones actually, Brother Kobe and Sister Mary's not been feeling well. And so uh pray for them and is the season for sniffles and uh so uh we we just want to we want to keep each other in our prayer. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. I'm so glad I'm a part of the family of God. I've been washed in the fountain, cleansed by his blood. Joiners with Jesus as we travel this summer. For I'm part of the family, the family of God. You may notice we say brother and sister around here. We're a family and these folks are so dear. When one has a heartache, we all shed the tear and rejoice in every victory in this family. Oh, I'm so glad I'm a part of the family of God. I've been washed in the fountain cleans by his blood. Joiners with Jesus as we travel his song for I'm part of the family. The family. Father, we just want to thank you. Oh, thank you so much for all of your amazing love to us, Lord. Thank you for all of our children. Thank you for these mamas and daddies. Thank you, Lord, for the messenger of all messengers, Jesus Christ, who gave his life, shed his blood. When that blood cell was broken out, came sons and daughters. Oh God, we thank you for it now. Lord, we just ask that you would let your righteousness be upon us. Not a man-made righteousness. Those are filthy rags, but your righteousness. We thank you for it, Father. And Lord, I ask that you would just be with everyone today as they go home. Keep everyone and protect them. And father, we thank you for your healing power touching brother Mike, sister Denise, brother Kobe, Sister Mary, the different ones, Lord, who are feeling under the weather. Be with them, Father. Be with all of our elders today. Keep them healthy, Lord, and safe. We thank you for it in the name of the Lord Jesus. Amen. And amen. Well, God bless you. Amen. We will uh we're going to dismiss service here tonight. And so, uh, I want to remind that we got the couple's banquet coming up this next Saturday and, uh, Brother Wayne is going to be ministering. And so, uh, for the weekend and so that's something to look forward to. And uh we know that God will will uh uh going to be a give us a wonderful service, strengthen us, and um we we're just looking forward to that. Praise the Lord. Is there anything else that we need to that we need to say here? I I don't know of &gt;&gt; um Yes. if if if there's those that still need to pay for their banquet. Uh, Brother Harry's not here. Who's who's handling? Huh? &gt;&gt; Pila. Okay. So, um, so if if you haven't paid for your deals, they're they're needing to go get the get the food. So, uh, if you've not paid yet, we u you can get with Sister Keys and um that'd be wonderful. It's going to be a beautiful going to be a beautiful time and uh I'm I'm really excited about it. So, God bless you. Amen. We'll uh let you just Brother &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. We need to We need to keep Brother Rory in our prayers. How How did he do with the surgery? down. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. Well, we we we uh want to keep Brother Rory in our prayers. The Lord will help him as as he recovers. My my my h. Amen. I I remember uh when when Sister Tarret uh fell and broke her hip, you know, and oh my I just you know, it's so it's it's something when you're when you're young and you fall and you just hate seeing those elders go through those struggles. Oh my. So, let's let's be in prayer. Be in prayer for Brother Donald, too. We need to re we need a miracle for brother Donald. And um um we we just we we just want to keep that in prayer. Not a casual prayer, but I mean, Amen. and let's keep those devils away from uh from him and and so that he can he can heal up and um uh need to put need to put a picture up and let you see that foot uh that that foot that foot's in bad looks that that foot looks bad bad. Amen. You keep your faith up, Brother Donald. Amen. But I'm just telling our prayer warriors that uh that we he needs he needs a miracle and uh and so uh we're just we're just believing the Lord to give that to him. Amen. God bless you. We'll let you dismiss yourselves here this morning and uh we'll see you all Wednesday night. Praise the Lord. And you're dismissed in the fear of the Lord. the family of God. I'm so glad I'm a part of the family of God. I've been one with his blood. Join air Jesus as we travel this summer. For I'm a part of the family, a family of God. to let us part of the family of God. I've been washed in the fountain by his blood. joint air with Jesus as we travel this for I'm a part of the family the family of God for I'm a part of the family the
