################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-18 - 2026-01-18 Bro Wendall Martin The Superiority Of Jesus - Wendall Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-18
Title:    2026-01-18 Bro Wendall Martin "The Superiority Of Jesus"
Speaker:  Wendall Martin
Church:   New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 2h 25m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qgIxfKAvQJY
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Lord be glorified. We pray be glorified in this. Oh Lord be glorified today. Your bride be glorified. Won't you be glorified your bride and be glorified my Be glorified. I pray be glorified in my home. Oh Lord, be glorified today. be glorified. We pray be glorified in this church. Oh Lord, be glorified today. Lord be glorified. Be glorified in my Lord. Be glorified. Our hearts come make us humble. We turn our eyes from evil, Lord. We cast out our idols. Give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. Lord, give us clean. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. We bow our hearts. We bend our knees come. We turn our eyes from evil. Lord we cast out our idols. Give us clean hands. Give us pure heart. Let us not lift our souls to another. Lord, give us plead him. Give us pure heart. Let us not lift our souls to another. Let go. Let us be the generation that see God of Jacob. I seek to your face. Oh God of Jacob clean us our souls. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. Let God let us be a generation that see that seeks your face. Look God of Jacob. And God, let us be a generation that seeks to your face. Oh God of Jacob, God, let us &gt;&gt; let us be generation that sees seek your face. Oh God of Jacob. God let us be. Generation that seeks, seeks your face. Oh God of Jacob, give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. Give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. Amen. As they just continue playing, we want to go to the one that we can lift our hands to. We can take our needs to present our petitions before the throne boldly as sons and daughters of God. Amen. If you don't believe that, you need to get to an altar right quick because the world is falling apart. Amen. And the only thing to hold it, it was made by the word of God. And the only thing that can hold it together is the word of God. And man has rebelled against God. God has made a way of redemption this morning to all that seek him and all that ask. For today is the day of redemption. Amen. So I'm so thankful for that this morning that we can come out to the house of the Lord with full assurance that he will meet us here. Amen. He's an everpresent help in the time of trouble, in the time of need. So let's go to him this morning. Amen. As brother uh we asked brother Nathaniel Cochran to come and open up the service with prayer. We have uh some requests here this morning. Amen. A written request here for Sister Denise, brother Mike that she is home sick this morning. remember sister Denise and also brother Theo's got a request for some of his family there in the Witchah area that are homeless and asking prayers for them to find shelter and to be safe. So, amen. He's a shelter in the time of storm. Amen. So, we want to remember those requests. I know there was uh Amen. Maybe a few re requests on the uh uh WhatsApp for um Amen. Maybe I could just uh Amen. already. Amen. It's for Sister Key's dad. He done better. So, uh brother Keith there. So, we want to remember him. Amen. this morning. Of course, all those that have been sick in our in our congregation. Amen. Just look around. Amen. And again, I didn't know, didn't look like there's going to be very many here few minutes ago, but uh Amen. So, so gets a song leader and worship leader, probably a preacher a little worried, but uh Amen. We want to go to the Lord in prayer as amen. Is there any other requests? Amen. Pressing needs anybody want to add this morning? Amen. It's good to have brother John back. His his uh job didn't uh last as long as uh as they anticipated. So, we're thankful for that. Thankful for uh Brother Luke and leading the worship Wednesday night. Thank you, Brother Luke. We appreciate you. And Amen. How old are you? 16. All right. Well, you beat me by about a year. Amen. I was about 17, I think. So, you got a head start on me. Amen. So, maybe you'll catch me one of these days. No, we appreciate Brother Luke and Amen. All all those on instruments this morning. Amen. Is there any other requests? Amen. This morning before we go to prayer. Amen. Okay. Yes. I did see something about brother Dur. He is at home. Sister Jerling, but he's cramping up this morning and his legs. Okay. So, let's remember brother Dur. Brother Mitch. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. Let's remember all the Curtis family and brother Caleb driving back from Iowa. &gt;&gt; Sister Brother Barry. Yes. Which we've we know brother Barry. He's been here. So, Sister uh Carol's brother, right? Yes. Let's remember brother Barry there in South Dakota. Yes. Amen. Any others requests this morning? Amen. God bless you, Brother Nathaniel. Amen. Lord, we come humbly before you this morning. Lord, I ask that you you've heard these requests, Lord, and you know everyone, Lord. I ask that you just go to where they're at this morning. Let them feel your touch. Heal their bodies, Lord. Keep them safe on the road. Lord, I ask that you be with us the rest of this service. &gt;&gt; Let this song service, let our voices ring loud in your ears. Lord, let your word just step down. Be with brother Wendle as he's preparing. Lord, we love you and we thank you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Thank you, brother Nathaniel. And uh another monumental event this morning is we have another teenager in the camp. Amen. Haven Belle Gonzalez is 13 today. Let's give it up. How many teenagers is that now? Mama man. You told me the other day. Amen. I said about seven years they'll all be teenagers or or or above. Amen. So, happy birthday to my granddaughter Haven. Amen. Amen. Are we an F? Amen. Well, I woke up this morning, did not have a doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. So I got down on my knees, cried, "Lord, help me please." Got up singing, shouting the victory. Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory to take is mine. I told the saints and get thee behind. Oh, I said, Lord, it sure is cold this morning, but I think I'll get dressed and go to church. Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. I told Satan to get thee behind victory today. Oh, turn around. Tell somebody that joy is mine. Joy is mine. Joy is mine. Joy today is mine. I told Satan to get thee behind. Joy today is my Oh, love is mine. Love is mine. Love is mine. Love today is mine. I told Satan to get thee behind. Love or peace is mine. His peace is mine. Peace is mine. Peace today is mine. I told Satan to get thee behind. Peace today is mine. Victory. Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. I told Satan to get thee behind. Victory today is I woke up this morning. I woke up this morning. I did not have a doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. So I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me please." And I got up singing, "Shout the victory." Got anything else? Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. I told Satan, "Get thee behind. Victory today. All healing is mine. if you want it. Oh, healing is mine. Healing is mine. Healing today is mine. I told Satan, "Get thee behind healing. How about the Holy Ghost?" Well, the Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost today is mine. Oh, I told Satan to get thee behind. Holy Ghost, today. Oh, I woke up. Thank God. I woke up this morning. I did not have a doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. So, I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me please." And I got up singing the chop the victory. Victory. Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. I told Satan, "Get thee behind. Victory today is mine. Say amen. It's yours. Amen. Let's go to C. He paid a debt. He did not owe. I owed a debt I could not pay. I needed someone to wash these sins away. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace. All day long. Christ Jesus paid the debt that I could never pay. Oh, he paid a debt at Calvary. He cleansed my soul and set me free. I'm glad that Jesus did all my sins erase. And now can sing a brand new song. Amazing grace. All day long. Christ Jesus paid the debt that I could never pay. Well, one day he's coming back for me to live with him eternally. Won't it be glory to see him on that day? I then will sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid. Oh, sing the chorus. They come for the offering. Oh, he paid a debt. Did not. Oh, I owe a debt I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid the debt that I could never pay. Brother Mike, would you ask the blessing? &gt;&gt; Lord Jesus, we thank you for allowing us to come into your house, Lord. Lord, just place bless his ties and these offerings. Bless our day in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's go to D and sing an old one. Amen. Draw me nearer. Amen. I am thine, oh Lord. I have heard thy voice and it told thy love to me. Oh, but I long to rise in the arms of faith and be closer drawn to thee. Oh, draw me nearer, oh nearer, blessed Lord, to the cross where thou hast died. Come me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord to thy preciously. I believe we could go up. Consecrate me now to thy service, Lord by the power of grace divine. And let my soul look up with a steadfast hope. And my will be lost in thine. And draw me nearer. Never blessed Lord to the cross where thou hast died. Draw me nearer. Ever blessed Lord to thy precious bleeding side. Let's sing another verse. Oh the pure daylight of a single hour that before thy throne I can spend. When I kneel in prayer and with thee, my God, I commune as friend with friend. So draw me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord, to the cross where thou has died. Oh, draw me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord, to thy preiously. Oh, one more verse. Oh, there are depths of love that I can not know till I cross the narrow sea. There are heights of joy that I may not reach till I rest in peace with thee. me. Oh, draw me nearer, oh nearer, blessed Lord, to the cross where thou has died. from me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord to thy preious bleeding side. One more time. Oh, draw me nearer, oh nearer, blessed Lord, to the cross where thou hast died. Draw me nearer, oh nearer, blessed Lord, to thy preious bleeding side. Amen. He's worthy what he did for us. He's worthy of it all. Could we go to D maybe? Amen. You're worthy of it all. &gt;&gt; You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things, and to you are all things you deserve the glory. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve the glory. Oh, and all the saints and angels. OH, ANGELS DESIRE TO LOOK upon the things he's doing. Amen. today. And all the elders cast their crowns before the lamb of God and sing. You're worthy of it all, LORD. TO ME, you're worthy of it all. For from you are all things, to you are all things. You deserve the glory. You're worthy of it all. I know, Lord, you're worthy of it all. For from you are all things, to you are all things. You deserve the gloryy. Oh, and all the saints and angels they bow before your throne. And all the elders cast the crowns before the lamb of God. Oh, without music, you're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve the gloryy. You're worthy of it all. Oh Lord my God, you're worthy of it all. For from you are all things, to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Oh, one more time. Let the bride say so. You're worthy of it all. Let the redeemed say so. You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things, to you are all things. You deserve the gloryy. Can you praise him? Thou art worthy, oh Lord, who was slain before the foundation of the world. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Everyone heard I John say amen. You're worthy of it all. Amen. Praise the Lord. You may be seated. Amen. I hope when I can get Amen. Haven and Elelliana and Len to sing this morning. I'm not even going to look at them shaking their head. No. So, as they get ready, Amen. Let's sing this little course Mary and see. Amen. The Lord is my shepherd. The Lord is my shepher. He goes before me. Defender behind me. Now I won't fear. I'm filled with anointing. My cup's overflowing. No weapon can harm me. and I won't fear. Oh, hallelujah. I am not alone. Oh, he's my comfort. holds me close. He always guides me through mountains and valleys. His joy is refreshing. Glor restores my soul. Mercy and goodness. Are you thinking about it this morning? It gives me assurance that I'll see his glory one day. Face to face. Oh hallelujah. I am never alone. He's my comfort always holds me close. Your spirit lives within me. So I will walk in your peace. Your spirit lives within me. My victory. My victory. Your spirit lives within me. So I will walk in your peace. Your spirit lives within me. My victory. My victory. Hallelu. I thank God I'm not alone. Oh, you're my comfort. He's my comfort. Always holds me close. Can you praise him this morning? Give him a hand clap of praise. Amen. He holds us close. Amen. Well, God bless you sisters. Amen. Sweeter than the morning or the sound of the rain. From the mouth of the preacher to the sinner the saint trise a whisper and loud in its refrain may it hang on my lips for the rest of my days. There's just something about the name of Jesus. It sounds like forgiveness. Sounds like amazing grace. It beckons my soul to sing forever. There's just something about that name. You pray it over families when you rise and when you sleep. You speak it over sorrow and the soul is given peace. You sing it in the family or in prosperity. May we never forget that he is all that we need. There's just something about the name of Jesus. It sounds like forgiveness. Sounds like amazing grace. It beckons my soul to sing forever. There's just something about that name. There is still no other name. You still have the power to save. There is great forever. Jesus is your name. There is still no other name. You still have the power to save. You can empty any grave forever Jesus in your name. There's just something about the name of Jesus. It sounds like forgiveness. Sounds like amazing grace. It begges my soul to sing forever. There's just something about that day. There's just something about the name of Jesus. It sounds like forgiveness. Sounds like amazing grace. It beggens my soul to sing forever. There's just something about that name. There's just something about that name. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Bless my heart. Let's stand. That name is not just something. It's everything. It's whereby no man can be saved in the name of Jesus. It opens up prison doors. Sets the captives free. Amen. It open up every grave as they sang. Amen. Amen. All you do in word or deed do in the name of Jesus. Amen. I'm glad I was baptized in that name. Amen. So, that being said, let's invite the man of God. tell us about that. Not just that name. That name is is more than just a name. It's a it's a person. Amen. It's all that he is. Amen. All that he all he represents. Amen. Like we say in the name of the United States of America. It's all that she is. Amen. So Jesus is our everything. So let's sing this song. Turn your eyes upon Jesus. I believe in probably Fister Mary. Amen. Invite the man of God to come. Invite that very Jesus into our presence and his presence into our service this morning. Amen. Sing it with all your heart. Oh, turn your eyes upon Jesus. Look full in his wonderful face. And the things of earth will grow strangely dim in the light. &gt;&gt; Oh, sister Karen, do you know the verses? Are you weery and trouble? No light in the darkness. You see there's life for all. Look at the &gt;&gt; and life more abundant. &gt;&gt; Oh, why don't we turn our eyes? Oh, just turn your eyes upon Jesus. Look full in his wonderful face. And the things of earth will grow strangely dim in the light. Oh, sing that last verse, Sister Karen. His word shall not fail you. His word shall not fail you. He promised. &gt;&gt; Oh God, &gt;&gt; believe him and all will be well. Thank go to a world that is dying is perfect salvation to tell our eyes upon Jesus in his wondering. in the light of his glory. &gt;&gt; So, let's sing it again. &gt;&gt; Oh, turn your eyes upon &gt;&gt; upon Jesus. Look for in his wonderful face. Then the things of earth will glow strange in the light of his glory. There's something about that song that I it just touches me every time I hear it. Turn your eyes upon Jesus. this morning. No matter what our our week has been like, our month has been like, we can we can truly turn our thoughts, our hearts to him this morning. And there's no telling what God will do. Amen. No matter what your need is. &gt;&gt; Amen. And we as we come to him this morning, he is he said he would in no wise turn us aside. Never never would he turn us aside because he loves his people. And I just know that there is nothing too small or nothing too great for him. Amen. He's um he's the great he's the great emancipator. He's the great redeemer and we love him here this morning. We um so good to be in the house of the Lord and and be with all of uh all of the the redeemed of the Lord. And uh I feel like I am a blessed man to be able to preach to the cream of the crop uh every Sunday. And and um I I appreciate this privilege that I have to minister to God's bride and we truly love him and love you and um Amen. I think we have a baby dedication. and Patrick, are we are we still going to dedicate the baby this morning? So, you can be seated if you if you would like as the um as as the Patrick and Stacia were to bring the the baby up. And um praise the Lord. The Bible had said that, Amen. that Jesus were to that they brought the babies to Jesus for his blessings. And um and uh he he gives uh uh you know they would they would tell him to to give the for the babies to uh you know try to keep the children away from Jesus and but Jesus said suffer the little children to come and um and so we are thankful for Alba Joe and what's the what's his name? Elizabeth Alba Joe Elizabeth Wade. And um look at that. Look at that cutie right there. Amen. Ain't she a cutie? And um and so we we ask the Lord's blessings. Every every child comes into the world um innocent. They come into the world with uh a clean slate and um and you know we we want to give the Lord uh give this child to the Lord and ask God to keep his hands up on Alba Joe. And um we are we are thankful for what God is is doing in in Patrick and and Stacia's lives. and and um we we just want to this morning why don't why don't we all just pray for Alba Joe Father Lord God we come to you as here Lord as we present this this precious baby back to you Lord and Father we're asking that you would take this child and Lord and let your let your Holy Spirit be upon her and with her and that you would protect her, keep her all the days of her life, Lord. Lord, we don't know the storms and the trials that she will face. We we have no way of looking into the future. But Lord, you've already been in her future. And we're asking, Father, that your divine Holy Spirit would be upon this baby and that you would keep her all the days of her life. Lord, that your presence would would be with her, Lord, and keep her healthy. And Lord, keep her from all the adversaries of the enemy. And I pray, Lord, oh God, that if you should terry, that she would raise up Lord as a mighty woman of God. Oh Lord, the world is so sinful and there's so many things to pull our children every which way. And I pray God, I pray for a divine conviction to come over Patrick and Stacia. Lord, I pray that there would be a real deep looking in their hearts and Lord that they would truly give this baby to you and to raise her and the ways of the Lord and keep her, Lord, in in fellowship with you and protect her from all of the evils of the world as parents. And Father, let there be grace upon them, Lord. Oh Lord, to walk with you and ask, Lord, that they would always seek your blessings upon their lives, Lord, your approval. Father, we thank you in this sacred moment, Lord. We stand before you and your throne and we give ourselves to you now. We thank you for it, Father, in the mighty name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Can the church say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Isn't she just a This baby is such a beautiful Look at that little Indian head right there. Get a picture of that right there. Amen. She's beautiful. Amen. God bless y'all. Praise the Lord. Amen. Well, we uh I I think it's wonderful as we have seen so many babies that have been dedicated to the Lord and um uh over the years and and uh mamas and daddies, there is quite um a responsibility that comes with raising our children. Can you say amen? You know, the Apostle John says, "Now, amen. Faith is wonderful, but we've got to have works with our faith." And so, what we're saying, the Abraham believed God. Amen. But his his following God in obedience to his word, Amen, is what sealed the deal for for Isaac and the blessings upon them. And so we are we are thankful, amen, to have God's blessings up upon our uh upon his upon his word. &gt;&gt; Amen. That we are believing in. Well, let's look here in the scriptures and um we're going to look here in Hebrews the first chapter. Like to um say it's it is good to be back home. this this um my my in-ear dealer just keeps static and it's just fuzzing in and out. I don't know um if I'm on the if I've gone on the wrong channel or or what it is, but it just goes well. No, I'm getting something, but it just act it just keeps fading out and then coming back. I don't I I don't know what that is. Like right now I have nothing. Oops. There I got something there. You know, it's just Hallelujah. Amen. Um, so we'll look here in Hebrews 1 and8 and uh or 1 and 1, I'm sorry. And we're going to read down to the eth verse. It says, "God, who at sunundry times and diverse manners spake in times past unto the fathers by the prophets, hath in these last days spoken unto us by his son, whom he hath appointed heir of all things, by whom also he made the worlds, who being the brightness of his glory and the express image of his person, and upholding all things by the word of his power. When he had by himself purged our sins, sat down on the right hand of the majesty on high, and being made much better than the angels, he hath by inheritance obtained a more excellent name than they. For unto which of the angels said he, at any time, thou art my son, this day have I begotten thee? And again, I will be to him a father, and he shall be to me a son. And again, when he bringeth in the first begotten into the world, he saith, and let all the angels of God worship him. And of the angels he saith, he maketh his angel spirits, and his ministers a flame of fire. But unto the Son he saith, Thy throne, oh God, is forever and ever. A scepter of righteousness is the scepter of thy kingdom. I I would like to speak this morning on the uh superiority of Jesus Christ. He's higher than the angels. He's higher than the prophets. He's higher than anything. He is God. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Father, we want to thank you this morning for for your great love to us and your mercies that that renew every morning. And Father, we're asking that your Holy Spirit would come, Lord, in a among us. Just settle among us, Lord, in a in a solid way. Father, Lord, teach us your word and may your grace be with us. We thank you Lord for your healing power upon all Lord that we have been praying for Father asking Lord that you would Lord good to see brother Donald and we're just still believing for that for that foot Lord and that healing Father just believing for a miracle actually and Lord we just look to you now in the name of the Lord Jesus. Can the church say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And amen. God bless you. You may be seated. So I I uh as I as I um have have contemplated on ministering here and it just uh don't really know which way it'll go this this morning as far as the book of Hebrews is a is an incredible um is an incredible book. And um I I was as we look through this first chapter going into uh uh the the book the apostle Paul. Amen. Who we believe was the the writer to the church. There is uh or to the writer of this book. Uh there's many that that that question it and um but but most of the um most of the scholars uh do believe that that the the Apostle Paul and the prophet uh said he believed that it was the the Apostle Paul who wrote the book of Hebrews um because of the characteristics. um it was the it was the same uh throughout the others and uh the other books. And so um so the the apostle Paul here is is separating uh a law from grace. And he's he is he is trying to to show that that we that we have something greater than that of the Old Testament. &gt;&gt; Amen. that and he's and he's his desire in the book of Hebrews is to show that Christ is superior. He is superior to all of the the types and the shadows of of the Old Testament. And so and and the Apostle Paul, he he he he it wasn't that just a man could do it, but the Bible says that Paul was separated from his mother's womb. Amen. to to uh to be a minister, to be an apostle, an a scent one. And of course, we understand that that he was more than just an apostle, but he was a word prophet. Amen. For he divided the word. He he brought clarity to Amen. the the the the word and divided law and grace. And so as as this man, the apostle Paul was raised under the great Gale and and um uh who was a very highly respected Pharisee. Amen. Uh Gale was a member of the the Jewish high council, the Sanhadrin. And and so Apostle Paul says that he was raised up under him. He was, Amen. from from uh from from a a very bo young boy raised up under his teaching. And so he was he Paul had a a good understanding of the law and and the traditions of the of of the Jewish people. Amen. And so uh you know in and there in the book of acts when he's talking to a grippa you know he says I was taught according to the perfect manner of the law. But you see, when when Paul had that experience on the road to Damascus while traveling to persecute the followers of Jesus, there the the the bright light appeared unto Paul and and and it was so great that he fell off of his horse and and the great light would would speak to him and he would say, "Uh, Saul, SAUL, WHY PERSECUTEST thou me?" Yeah. &gt;&gt; Now, the Apostle Paul knew that that great light had to have been Jehovah. He had been studied in it. So, he when he responded to this light, man, he is he's he's confused because he is doing what he feels is the work of Jehovah. Yet Jehovah knocks him off his horse and he's looking into this light and Jehovah is saying, "Why are you persecuting me?" YEAH. &gt;&gt; AND SO PAUL IS CONFUSED. HE He is a devout Jew. He is carrying out the perfect manner of the law as he had been taught. &gt;&gt; AND NOW THIS GREAT LIGHT, this great Jehovah that he is defending is saying, "You're persecuting me." &gt;&gt; Amen. And so the the SO WHAT HIS RESPONSE IS, JEHOVAH, AMEN. Who who art thou? What? Amen. And he he he he's asking who art thou? He calls him Lord Jehovah. And and the response was I am Jesus whom thou persecutest. &gt;&gt; And the apostle Paul would forever more be he was taken back. &gt;&gt; Amen. Because this great light whom he knows is the great Jehovah is now saying that he is Jesus. WELL, THIS EXPERIENCE so changed him. It's so it's so that the Bible says that he did not even go to Jerusalem. Amen. He went immediately. He went away for 3 years into the deserts of Arabia. And he stood he sat there in these in these desert AND WAS GOING BACK THROUGH ALL OF THESE OLD SCROLLS, going back through everything that he had learned as the Holy Spirit be to show him that these were types and shadows of the reality that was to come. &gt;&gt; Bless the Lord, brother John. It's good to see you home. Hallelujah. And um so amen he he and and and and now he did know this one thing. Amen. The the apostle uh Paul knew that that any teaching or anything that that the that there was once called uh the the urum and thumbum. &gt;&gt; And and this would be to where it would it was also called the breastplate of judgment. And so anything that one would consider to be of God, they would bring it before the urum thumbum which the high priest wore. And and and and if it was correct, it would light up. If it wasn't cracked, it would not light up. Amen. And so uh and it had been many years since the urum thumbum had had been uh a had been uh uh uh used. Amen. And but but he was taught enough that anything needed to go back to the scripture. And so he began to take this he took the Old Testament AND BEGIN TO RUN it back. Amen. the things that he had heard, the things about this Christ, the and the Holy Spirit would take him back to SCRIPTURE AND WOULD SHOW HIM THE SHADOWS were being fulfilled in the positive through Jesus Christ. Well, praise the name of the Lord. And I just want to say today that the urum thumbum of today, the breastplate of judgment is still God's word. &gt;&gt; And any belief There you go. &gt;&gt; Any belief that we have or anything that we base our faith upon, we need to come back, amen, to the judgment, which is God's word. And there is how WE JUDGE. AND SO WHEN IT WHEN IT CAME, THERE WAS SOMETHING THAT SO STRUCK the this this this great man of Saul. This great man who was head and shoulders above his peers. SUCH AN INCREDIBLE man in that denomination. Amen. And it was so great that when giving a g giving an a an account there in Philippians 3 and 7, he says, "What things were gained to me? Those things I counted loss for Christ. Yay, doubtless. And I count all things but loss for the excellency of the knowledge of Christ my Lord. For whom I have suffered the loss of all things and do count them but dung that I may win Christ. Oh, can you say amen? So the whatever it was that the Apostle Paul seen, Amen. that it it changed him. Amen. There in Galatians 1 and 11, it says, "But I certify you, brethren, that the gospel which was preached of me is not after man. For I neither received it of man, NEITHER WAS I TAUGHT IT, but by the revelation of Jesus Christ. For ye have heard of my conver uh my con uh conversation in the past in the Jews religion, and how that beyond measure I persecuted the church of God and wasted it and profited in the Jews religion above my equals in my own nation, being more exceedingly je uh zealous of the traditions of my fathers. But when it pleased God, who separated me from my mother's womb, and called me by his grace, to reveal his son in me, that I may preach him among the heathen. Immediately I conferred not with flesh and blood, neither went I up to Jerusalem to them to uh uh to them which were apostles before me. But I went into Arabia, returned again into Damascus. Then after three years I went up to Jerusalem to see Peter and abode with him 15 days. But the other apostles saw I none save James the Lord's brother. AND SO SO THE APOSTLE PAUL is is is declaring amen that that that this there was there was an a a a deep revelation. Of course we understand amen that the Apostle Paul uh is is the writer of the New Testament. Amen. Now there's some scribes and there's Mark, Luke, John. There's Amen. Matthew, you know, there there there's the book of Acts. We've got we've got a few of these other accounts. But the doctrines was established by the Apostle Paul. God raised this man up. Amen. To declare. And so, SO HERE THIS PROPHET is is is calling to the to to to the Hebrews. Amen. And he's and he's and he and he's telling them now THIS CHRIST IS NOT JUST AN ANGEL OF THE PAST. He's not JUST AMEN. THE PROPHETS. DON'T GET THEM MIXED UP. HE'S NOT JUST A PROPHET. &gt;&gt; He's not just an angel. Amen. But this was the very God manifested in the flesh. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; And so when he when he starts Amen. He he he he you know the the the first verse God who at sunundry times and diverse manners spake in times past to the fathers by the prophets and and and he he he would in in other words he would say God in the different times and periods. Amen. He he declared that uh uh you know there you know you would have the the uh the patriarchal uh Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, uh uh uh you know, Joseph. Amen. God would come and reveal himself through them. There would be the spirit of Christ that that would come down. You look at their a mosaic period and the the giving of the law. Amen. It was it was the spirit of Christ coming in and and and and living himself out. &gt;&gt; Amen. God raising up men and declaring his plan and HIS PURPOSE. BUT IT WAS ALWAYS MURKY. IT WAS ALWAYS IT WAS ALWAYS it was a type and shadow. In fact, uh there in in uh uh Revelations 12, you know, if if you were to read there in Revelations 12, and you could put it up there, say this uh 12 and 1. Amen. It says, "And there appeared a great wander uh in heaven and a woman with clothed with a sun and the moon under her feet and upon her head a crown of 12 stars." Well, that's Amen. That's the Orthodox church. That's the this this great Orthodox church coming up. Amen. The sun over her head. This was THE SUNLIGHT OF THE GOSPEL that was coming. The moon under her feet. That was the types and shadows of of the law. Amen. The 12 uh uh stars crowned. THAT WAS THE 12 APOSTLES. AMEN. And their doctrines. And and and THEN THE SECOND VERSE WOULD SAY THAT SHE was to give birth to a a a child travailing in birth and pain to be delivered. And and and and then we KNOW THE GREAT DRAGON WAS TO COME and and and would uh uh uh UH TRY TO DEVOUR THIS THIS this uh uh woman and THIS CHILD. AND SO THESE THIS WAS A TYPE. GOD LETTING THIS KNOW that the church, amen, WAS WAS STANDING UPON THE LAW. AMEN. Didn't do it away. But the moon is always the lesser light. You can't see as good with the moon. BUT WHEN THE SUNLIGHT COMES, AMEN. the moon sort of fades away. SO THE LAW WAS A WONDERFUL PRECURSOR. IT WAS A WONDERFUL LIGHT in its time. BUT WHEN THE GOSPEL LIGHT COME then you could see what the what the moon had been reflecting. AND SO THE THE OLD TESTAMENT IS NOT SOMETHING FOREIGN to us. THE OLD TESTAMENT WAS SIMPLY THE DARK SHADOWS OF OF WHAT THIS MESSIAH WOULD LOOK LIKE in the sunlight. AND WHEN THE SUN CAME, AMEN, THE GOSPEL LIGHT COME. AND THIS IS WHAT THE APOSTLE Paul is doing. He is saying, "AMEN. WE'RE NOT LOOKING AT THE OLD DARK SHADOWY PLACES ANYMORE. CHRIST IS NOW STANDING ILLUMINATED. IT'S NOT THE OLD AMEN. AN ANGEL APPEARING to a prophet and these KINDS OF THINGS, BUT we're seeing the very expression of God in the body of Jesus Christ." &gt;&gt; Amen. Do you all understand that? So, the Old Testament FIGURES THAT WHAT WE SEEN, YOU UNDERSTAND what I'm saying? I I I I know we we we we say it uh often, but you know, you you look to Adam. In other words, he would come to Adam and he would tell him the Messiah is going to come born of the woman's seed. Amen. And then then you'd see that and then Amen. And so that's why that that that's that's why Satan tried to kill Abel or that's why Satan killed Abel. Amen. He was trying to destroy the Messiah, trying to destroy the seed, but he couldn't destroy the seed. IT WAS A SUPERNATURAL SEED. Can you say amen to Abraham, he was told, Amen that the Messiah would come through his uh seed. Amen. to Jacob, he he said he he told HIM THAT THE MESSIAH WAS GOING TO come uh uh through the THROUGH THROUGH THE TRIBE OF JUDAH. TO DAVID, he said that he would come of his house. To Micah, he said that he would be born in Bethlehem. To to Isaiah, that he would be born of a virgin. And that his name would be called Wonderful Counselor, Mighty God, Everlasting Father. Amen. the Prince of Peace. You see, the these WERE ALL THESE WERE ALL JUST LITTLE SHADOWY prophecies &gt;&gt; that would be fulfilled in Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Okay? So, they were looking they were looking to looking forward to a Messiah. We are looking through the Messiah. They were LOOKING IN THE DARK SHADOWS OF WHAT THIS Messiah would be. We are looking through the eyes of the Messiah. For we know exactly what the Old Testament was talking about. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Aren't you glad for that? Could you imagine the kind of faith that was required in those Old Testament times and those Amen. But today we know who Christ is a and so this is what Amen. in times past he's revealed himself. Amen. He's in in in many parts and many ways that that's what that first verse is saying. Amen. SUNUNDRY TIMES AND AMEN DIVERSE MANNERS. WHAT HE'S SAYING IS amen parts, many ways. AMEN. THROUGH DREAMS, VISIONS, AUDIBLE VOICES, THIS THAT AND THE OTHER. IT WAS MYSTERIOUS TYPES AND SHADOWS. &gt;&gt; HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; Bless the name of the Lord. And each generation would die looking forward to that Messiah to come. Would look forward to that Messiah to come. Hallelujah. Oh my. And how it was. I mean you you know we we talk about it often but I we you know I uh uh uh Christ expressed in Moses. &gt;&gt; Amen. The lawgiver, right? &gt;&gt; Amen. Christ expressed as as the priest. Moses standing before uh uh between judgment and life. &gt;&gt; Amen. Look, look at look at the spirit of Christ expressed through Joseph. And I know we've went through some of these areas, but I just want to go back through it again because this is this is what the Apostle Paul is trying to say. Yes, he has spoke to us through THE PROPHETS. IT doesn't mean that he does not use prophets today. It is simply AMEN THAT IT WAS ALL THE TYPES. THAT'S ALL WE HAD WAS THE PROPHETS AND THE TYPES. ALL WE HAD WAS WAS TO, you know, even even look there at Joseph. Amen. As as as as Joseph, Amen. was the favored of his father. Amen. Then then then look at Christ. Amen. And he was given a coat of many colors. Well, Jesus is the favored of his father. And he wears the rainbow uh COVENANT OF GOD. JOSEPH WAS HATED BY HIS JEALOUS BROTHERS. AMEN. Just as Jesus was. and and and and and they tried to undermine him at every junction. Well, praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; JOSEPH WAS SOLD for 30 pieces of silver. SO WAS JESUS. JOSEPH WAS LIED AGAINST AND THROWN INTO PRISON. JESUS WAS LIED AGAINST and went to hell. AMEN. THERE THERE. BUT YOU YOU SEE WHAT I'M SAYING? BUT THERE WAS MORE TO IT THAN JUST THAT. HALLELUJAH. JOSEPH WHILE IN PRISON THERE WAS THE BUTLER AND THE baker that that that were thrown in prison as well. Amen. And Joseph told him that one of them would be exalted and the other one would die. Hallelujah. Jesus while hanging upon the cross there were two thieves IN THE SAME STORY. ONE ONE WENT TO HELL AND ONE WAS EXALTED with Jesus when he went to the throne. &gt;&gt; Oh, GLORY TO GOD. EVERYWHERE JOSEPH WENT, AMEN. WHEN WHEN HE COME OUT OF THE PRISON, HE WAS EXALTED TO THE RIGHT HAND OF PHARAOH. AND EVERY TIME FA UH JOSEPH WOULD WALK THROUGH EGYPT, AMEN, THERE WAS A CRY, BOW THE KNEE TO JOSEPH. WHY? JOSEPH WAS REPRESENTED. HE WAS THE SECOND. WELL, GLORY TO GOD. HE WAS NEXT TO PHARAOH. &gt;&gt; YEAH. &gt;&gt; LOOK AT JESUS. JESUS WAS EXALTED. AMEN. HE WENT FROM THE DUNGEONS OF HELL AND WAS EXALTED TO THE VERY HIGHEST OF THE HIGHEST in heaven. &gt;&gt; And the Bible says at the name of Jesus, every knee shall bow and every tongue shall confess. &gt;&gt; WELL, PRAISE THE LORD. &gt;&gt; AMEN. BUT BUT ALSO WATCH THIS. JOSEPH, AMEN. WHILE HE WAS THERE, THE BIBLE SAYS THAT JOSEPH MARRIED A GENTILE WOMAN. SHE MARRIED A GENTILE WOMAN. AMEN. HALLELUJAH. IT WAS A TYPE OF ME AND YOU. JESUS MARRIED A GENTILE BRIDE. &gt;&gt; OH, that just that should make you want TO SHOUT. AMEN. WATCH THIS. AMEN. WHERE WHERE WAS JOSEPH'S WIFE WHEN HE revealed himself to HIS BROTHERS? &gt;&gt; JOSEPH'S WIFE WAS IN THE palace when when Joseph revealed himself to his rebellious brothers who had killed him. and and and and WHERE IS THE BRIDE GOING TO BE? THE BRIDE, JESUS CHRIST'S BRIDE, IS GOING TO BE RAPTURED AND IN THE PALACE WHEN JESUS COMES BACK TO EARTH AND REVEALS HIMSELF to his brothers. And they're going to AND THEY'RE GOING TO SAY, "WHERE DID YOU GET THOSE SCARS? WHERE DID YOU GET WHERE WHERE DID THIS HAPPEN?" AND JESUS IS GOING TO SAY, "In the house OF MY BRETHREN." MY IN OTHER WORDS, MY BROTHER SOLD ME. OH, HALLELUJAH. BUT WHAT DID BUT ANOTHER THING I WANT YOU TO TAKE ON ABOUT JOSEPH. AMEN. THAT THE BIBLE SAYS JOSEPH LOOKED AT THEM AND SAID, "YOU MEANT IT FOR MY HARM, BUT GOD MEANT IT for posterity. &gt;&gt; YOU DONE IT IN YOUR JEALOUSY, BUT GOD DONE IT TO SAVE LIVES." &gt;&gt; OH, &gt;&gt; HALLELUJAH. ARE ARE Y'ALL HEARING ME? AND THROUGH JESUS DEATH, THE Jews will be saved. &gt;&gt; There you are. &gt;&gt; Because not only not only were the Egyptians SPARED, THE GENTILE BRIDE SPARED, AMEN. WHO HAD BEEN CALLED OUT, BUT ALSO the Jewish brethren. And Jesus, WELL, I I JUST I SEE THESE ARE TYPES. AND AND IT WAS A WONDERFUL THING. AMEN. And it would take you could you COULD LOOK BUT YEAH UNTIL YOU SEE THE POSITIVE you don't know what the shadowy means. BUT WHEN YOU SEE THE POSITIVE YOU AND I CAN SHOUT AND REJOICE THIS MORNING because we can see it clearly through the life OF JOSEPH. THE APOSTLE PAUL SAYS, "UP TO THIS TIME IT WAS TYPES, SHADOWS, ANGELS, PROPHETS, BUT NOW WE SEE CHRIST. NOW WE SEE GOD MANIFESTED IN THE FLESH. IT TAKES away all the shadows." &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; I just want to tell you here this morning. Amen. God's been talking about a bride, too. and this bride. All through the ages, we've known that it was going to come. We've known THAT SOMEHOW. OH, BUT WE'RE living in the day where we can see the fulfillment. WE CAN SEE THE REALITY OF THE WORD living in humans, men and women, boys and girls. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, so when the famine went out, when there was a famine in Egypt, it was Joseph. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Who had the corn? &gt;&gt; And when there's a famine in Leosa, it is Joseph Jesus who has the corn &gt;&gt; for the bride here today. Can you say amen? Hallelujah. Amen. And and to look at that, look look at the look look at our what our Joseph is going to do to his brothers. Amen. While while I've got I put these scriptures down just in case the Lord allowed us to go this way. But Amen. And and watch, he's going to give them the same atonement that his bride has. Now, think about that. THE SAME ATONEMENT THAT THE GENTILE bride who is in the palace is going to have has also going to be given, amen, to his brethren. &gt;&gt; They're going to be cleansed by the same blood. They're going to receive the same Holy Ghost. Amen. The Bible says there they're in Zechariah, excuse me. Amen. Uh 13 and1. In that day there shall be a fountain open uh to the house of David and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem for the sin and uncleanness. Hallelujah. It's going to be the same fountain that you've had, THE SAME FOUNTAIN THAT I'VE I'VE EXPERIENCED. And it shall come to pass in that day, sayaeth the Lord, I will cut off all the names of the idols out of the land, and they shall be no more remembered. And also, I will cause the prophets and the unclean spirit to pass out of the land. And it shall come to pass that when any shall yet prophesy, then his father and mother that begget him shall say unto him, "Thou shalt not live." For thou speakest lies in the name of the Lord, and his father and mother that begat him shall thrust him through when he prophes. It shall come to pass in that day that the prophet shall be ashamed, every one of of his vision when when he hath prophesied. Neither shall they wear a rough garment to deceive. BUT HE SHALL SAY, "I AM NO PROPHET. I am an husbandman." But for for man taught me to keep cattle from my youth. And one shall say unto them, "These are the UH UH WHAT ARE THE WOUNDS IN THINE HANDS?" And he shall answer those which with uh with which I was wounded in the house of MY FRIENDS. SO SO WHAT HE'S TRYING TO SAY, SEE VISIONS CAN CAN GO ONE WAY OR THE OTHER. PROPHECIES CAN GO ONE WAY OR THE ANGELS CAN GO ONE WAY OR the other. BUT YOU SEE, AMEN. WHEN YOU WHEN YOU HAVE THE WORD MADE FLESH, WHEN YOU HAVE THE GOD OF ALL GODS COME IN, AMEN. THE VERY FULFILLMENT OF PROPHECY. AMEN. THE VERY MANIFESTATION OF GOD. AMEN. ARE ARE YOU UNDERSTANDING ME? AMEN. WHEN YOU HAVE HIM STANDING RIGHT THERE BEFORE YOU, HALLELUJAH. AMEN. The old false prophets has to leave. &gt;&gt; The prophecies have to leave. Why? Because the word is living in in full color right there. I I I just thought that WAS WONDERFUL. THEIR EYES WILL BE OPEN. AMEN. And he will reveal who he is. And the Bible says that the that that the all of the inhabitants there, Amen. in Jerusalem will weep and cry as one who has lost a loved one. Praise the Lord. BUT IN THESE LAST DAYS, IN THESE LAST DAYS, HE HAS SPOKEN TO US BY HIS SON. HOW DID HE SPEAK? BY THE FULFILLMENT. &gt;&gt; God speaks by fulfillment. &gt;&gt; Amen. He speaks by fulfillment. In other words, you're no longer having to guess. It's no longer a type. IT'S NO LONGER A SHADOW. IT'S NO longer But when the real comes, Hallelujah. The real is there. &gt;&gt; THAT'S RIGHT. &gt;&gt; AMEN. You you you you can have the shadows of my hand. Amen. And all you can see is a blur. You don't really can't really make it out. But the closer and the closer and the closer and the closer then I can tell. Hey, those are five fingers. Hey, that's why it's getting closer to the reality. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, this is not a type or a prefigure. Amen. If you there in Hebrews 14 and 4, it says, "But he is made so much better. He is made superior, amen, that to the angels a as by he hath by an inheritance obtained a far more excellent name than they. Hallelujah. It's it's incredible that today angels in the Pentecostal realm, everyone's seeing an angel. There's angels everywhere. &gt;&gt; And while we thank God for angels, we thank God for angels. But the word has now come superior. The word was made flesh. Amen. Philippians 2:9. Amen. Wherefore God also hath highly exalted him and given him a name above every name that at the name OF JESUS every knee should bow of things in heaven and things in the earth. Oh, can you say amen? Amen. and that every tongue every tongue shall confess that Jesus Christ is Lord to the glory of God the Father. &gt;&gt; So, so this is what the Apostle Paul as we as we get in start getting into Hebrews, we're going to find that the entire book of Hebrews is the Apostle Paul separating the old from the new. His desire is his whole intent in this book is for you to understand that it's not doing away with the old. &gt;&gt; Amen. It is just simply separating the old so that you can understand the new. &gt;&gt; There you go. &gt;&gt; We're not doing We don't do away with the Old Testament. We are saying Christ FULFILLS &gt;&gt; the Old Testament. &gt;&gt; There you go. &gt;&gt; Well, praise the Lord. AREN'T YOU GLAD FOR THAT? Now watch now watch as he goes on down. Let's let's just start let's just let's just start reading again Hebrews 1 and5. For unto which of the angels said he at any time, thou art my son. This day have I begotten thee? And again, I will be to him a father, and he shall be to me a son. And again, when he bringeth the first begotten into the world, he saith, let all the angels of God worship him. Of the angels, he saith, who maketh his his angels spirits, and his ministers a flame of fire? But unto the son, he says, thy throne, oh God, is forever and ever. A scepter of righteousness is the scepter of thy kingdom. Thou hast loved righteousness and hated iniquity. Therefore God, even thy God, hath anointed thee with the oil of gladness above thy fellows. And thou, Lord, in in the beginning hast laid the foundations of the earth, and the heavens are the works of thine hands. And they shall perish, but thou remainest. AND THEY ALL WAX OLD as doth a garment, and as a vesture shalt thou fold them up, and they shall be changed, but thou art the same, and thy years shall not fail. NOW, THIS IS WHAT HE'S SAYING TO THE SON. THIS IS WHAT HE'S saying to the son. And as a uh but to which of the angels saith he at any time, sit on my right hand until I make thine enemies thy foottool? Are they not all ministering spirits sent forth to minister for them who shall be heirs of of salvation? So, so, so he's he's he's separated. Now, angels are are wonderful, but angels are ministers from God. &gt;&gt; Jesus was the very creator. AMEN. HE WAS THE VERY CREATOR. It was God in in Jesus. &gt;&gt; Amen. It was now uh uh on on on there they're in Mark 1 and 12 or 1 and 13 when Jesus was in the wilderness. Mark 1:13 and he was there in the wilderness 40 days and tempted of Satan and was with the wild beasts and the angels ministered to the sun. &gt;&gt; Amen. John 1 and 51. Amen. He tells he tells uh Nathaniel, you will see angels ascending and descending upon upon the son of man. Amen. You look there at Luke 22 and42 Jesus in the in the garden. Amen. Uh in agony on on Mount of Olives and and and is saying, "Father, if thou be willing, remove this cup from me and nevertheless not my will but thy thine be done." And there appeared an angel unto him from heaven strengthening him. So the angels are ministering spirits. They are Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; But Jesus was God. &gt;&gt; That's it. &gt;&gt; That's it. &gt;&gt; Jesus was God. Well, praise the Lord. Brother Brandham would say, he'd say, God sends forth the angels. Glory. What are they? Ministering spirits. Glory. Ministering spirits sent where? From the presence of God. What to do? Minister His word. Is that's right? &gt;&gt; So, so but but he's asked TO WHICH OF THE ANGELS DID HE SAY TO SIT ON MY right hand until Amen. And and he says, but they're they're just angels. Did you know let me just say it like this? Let me did you know that there in First Corinthians, the Bible said, the Apostle Paul says that the sons of God will judge the angels. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. That's what he said there in 1 Corinthians 6 and3. Sister Keith. Amen. Know ye not that ye shall judge angels? &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; So which is higher? &gt;&gt; WHICH IS HIGHER? A SON OF GOD OR an angel? &gt;&gt; Now he's trying to bring this out because this man is the God of the angels. Th this one here is Amen. He's talked to us, God, who at sunundry times and diverse manners spake in the times past to the fathers by the prophets, but hath in these last days spoken unto us by his son, whom he hath appointed heir of all things, by whom also he made the worlds, who being the brightness of his glory, the express image of his person. Now, won't keep you too long here this morning. But my but my my thoughts I want to really establish this. So so he's he's looking here and as and as and as the apostle Paul is is is saying that what God is talking when he's looking at the sun and and and the preeminence that this son has had even before the angels. &gt;&gt; And um I don't have my I don't have I should have checked to see if I had my chalkboard here. I was just taking for granted I did. But the um brother brother Brandham and maybe you've I've we've seen the visuals a lot. Amen. But but brother Brandham would talk about that great fountain &gt;&gt; that great that great invisible fountain of God within this wi within you you you look at a as a as an artisian well something that's coming up. It's it it it it it it's it's self-producing. So this great fountain of God, out of him is eternal righteousness. Out of him is eternal holiness and and and uh uh uh mercies and compassions and and and and it's and it's and it's AND IT'S ALL IN HIM. ALL OF THE ATTRIBUTES are have always been with God. They've been with God from all times. Amen. They they you Amen. He was God. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Those were the attributes. THOSE WERE THE ATTRIBUTES. GOD'S THOUGHTS. SO, BROTHER BRANDHAM WOULD CALL IT AMEN. H a number one would be attri and fact keys if you can just make that up there like you do when you're when we're doing those girls and boys games. Just just put number one attributes and put it up there on the board. Hallelujah. Amen. If you can do that, you can't go. Okay. Amen. So the you you you you they they are the attributes of God. Amen. This is this is this is this is all God. But when God speaks out of God comes as as we've talked in the past the logos. This is this is amen that that that great fire. And this is where this is the very first light that God created. God didn't God God didn't create the son first. God created himself first. So when God this attributes all in him when God spoke out comes this logos. So number two amen is is is the word. It's the logos of God. So amen. It is with this theophony. This logos this theophony this is where he would appear in the pillar of fire. But he also appeared as a man. He appeared as a man to Moses and Moses seen the the the hinderer part of God and then he disappeared. Moses uh he appeared to he he he appeared in the fiery furnace. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Amen. That was that was the word. That was the theophony of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. He could have he appeared in the uh uh he he the the Bible says that he appeared to Jacob and he wrestled all night long. Now, we say it's an angel, but he the Bible says that he called him God. &gt;&gt; He wrestled with God. God in a body. &gt;&gt; We we we see that when when he when when when Ezekiel saw him, he saw a man. &gt;&gt; When he appeared to Abraham, Amen. after a a after uh uh on on you know after the slaughter of the kings, it was a man who come and gave him uh uh uh fed him communion and and AND ABRAHAM PAID TITHES to him. &gt;&gt; Amen. It was a man the later on uh in the 18TH CHAPTER THAT THAT A MAN come to to to Abraham and and and and he could recognize that that was God. &gt;&gt; That's right. Yeah. &gt;&gt; He says, "You've come, you know, and he there God come and created his body." And then he had two angels come. But Abraham knew which one was God. Abraham knew which one was God. &gt;&gt; Amen. And and and and he comes and he says, "Oh, you you've come from a" God says, "We've come from a far country." Yeah. Really far country. Amen. And uh uh and and so Abraham says, "I know who you are. Sit down, my Lord." Amen. I want to feed you. I want to give you to drink. He on. So So that was the theophony. And then when he was through talking to Abraham, he disappeared. That that's that's who he was. Amen. Now, and then so so that's the you know, some some people say, you know, they say there's two gods. There's two gods because there's there's there's there's the father and the son. And uh no, but it's all one God. And they say, 'Well, it has to be two gods because it says right right there in the Bible, "Let us create man in our own image." Well, first of all, by the time you got there, God was already living in a theophony. &gt;&gt; Think about it. &gt;&gt; The invisible God was already living. He had a He was living in that pillar of fire. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Amen. And every time that he appeared, he would appear him as a man. And we were created in the image Wow. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. One God, one God, but it was God living. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Now, brother, and and and so and then he was made flesh. So, we have number one, the attributes. Number two, the theophony, the word. Number three, God Christ was manifested in the flesh. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, now we and and and and um and we we could we can look there even if you want to look there again in in Hebrews 7. Let's just look there at Hebrews 7 real quick. I I want I want to I want to I want to because I'm I'm trying I want to I want to see I want you to see yourself in this one. Don't you can't see yourself in an angel. You weren't an angel and you'll never be an angel. &gt;&gt; And I don't guess any of us will ever be a word prophet. That's just not who we that's not who we're called to be. But we can identify oursel with this word, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; But we see Jesus. Now, I want y'all to see that as we go through through Hebrews because God's not wanting you to look at yourself as an angel. You'll never be one. Hallelujah. But let's see what Jesus is. Let's let's look there. He's uh there there in Hebrews 7 and1. Let's let's look at Jes at at Jesus. For this Melzdc, king of Salem, priest of the most high God, who met Abraham, returning from the slaughter of the kings, and blessed him. Now, now, now, now catch that. King of peace, priest of the most high God. Amen. To whom also Abraham gave a tenth part of all. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; First being interpretation, king of righteousness. After that also the king of Salem, which is the king of peace, without father, without mother, without descent, having neither beginning of days nor end of life, but made unto like unto the son of God abideth a priest continually. Well, who could this be? It was could not been Jesus the body. No, Jesus had a beginning. Jesus had an ending. IT WAS THE GREAT GOD, THE THEOPHONY OF GOD, IT STEPPING INTO A FLESH, REVEALING HIMSELF, COMING BACK, and then he became Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; See, Jesus had the beginning, but Christ has been there, the logos, the theophony of God. I want you to catch that. GLORY TO GOD. &gt;&gt; NOW, WHAT DOES THIS DO for us? What does this do for us? Hallelujah. All right. SO, SO WE WE'VE GOT WE WE'VE GOT THE THEOPHONY of God. Hallelujah. I'm going to mark this here right now. Amen. We've got one. And it is that what what did I tell you? The first one is &gt;&gt; attributes. &gt;&gt; Attributes. That's right. Praise the Lord. Number two, word &gt;&gt; the theophony. Amen. Hallelujah. Three. &gt;&gt; Flesh attributes. Word. Flesh. Is that right? &gt;&gt; But brother Brandham tells us that we have three comingings too. Y'all know what it is? Hallelujah. Attributes. He said, "We came as flesh and then we're going to word." So here you've got the attributes, the thoughts of God. God spoke and then out of that, Amen. comes the image of God, the word image. Amen. That those that word image is what would appear to the prophets. Amen. It was that word image. It was the It was that it was that that that theophony and then it come Amen. Jesus that word entered into that body Jesus. And when we get to heaven, listen, that's there's only one there's only one you're going to ever see and that is the body of God, Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; But now I want you to I want you to catch this. It's important that you identify not with not with tongues, not with prophecies, not with gifts, not with angels. It's important you identify with Christ the word. &gt;&gt; Christ the word. It's so important. And and and I'm fixing to show you why here in a minute. Now, we were also attributes of God. We were in his thoughts, eternally in his thoughts. But we came, we skipped the word and we come in flesh. We were sinful. &gt;&gt; Jesus was word first. That's the reason why he could not sin. He could be tempted. HE COULD GO THROUGH THAT. BUT HE WAS word before flesh. You and I are flesh before word. So we were in sin. AND WE'VE GOT TO IDENTIFY WITH the bloody bleeding word that come to take our PLACE WHEN WE CAN IDENTIFY WITH THIS WITH THIS CHRIST WHO WAS THE WORD MADE FLESH WHO BLED FOR ALL OF GOD'S ELECTED. &gt;&gt; HOW CAN you be lost? H how can YOU BE LOST? BECAUSE YOU WERE YEAH. HALLELUJAH. YOU WERE ATTRIBUTES AS HE WAS ATTRIBUTES. YOU WERE CHOSEN IN HIM BEFORE THE WORLD BEGAN. &gt;&gt; GOD KNEW YOU WERE COMING flesh before you were BECOMING WORD. GOD KNEW IT WAS GOING TO HAPPEN. GOD KNEW IT. SO GOD, YOU are represented in this one. So the apostle Paul is saying, "Listen, this ain't just angels and prophets and this is Christ. This is this is major. THIS IS GOD BECOMING FLESH." AND THEN HE WOULD begin to go through there and give all these attributes of God in this man. Reo as we just read it right now. So here we are attributes flesh born sin. But then God comes and sends the word. Now you've always were an attribute. But God would send his word and we would begin to eat on that word. Eat on that word. And as we're eating on that word, we're maturing. We're growing. We're we're coming into to uh uh the the image of what God wants. Now, do you do you realize when we talk about becoming the word, do do you understand what what the book of um uh uh 1 Corinthians first your 2 Corinthians 5 uh uh means when it says, "For we know if our earthly house, this flesh of this tabernacle were dissolved, we have one." Present tense, we have one waiting. Amen. We have a building, a house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens. Are are you hearing me? You see, he went attribute word theophony and then become flesh. You are attributes. You are flesh, but you're coming into the word. &gt;&gt; YOU'RE COME THERE'S THERE'S NOT A QUESTION ABOUT IT. YOUR THEOPHONY, YOUR WORD BODY IS already there. &gt;&gt; Already. &gt;&gt; THAT'S WHY THE PROPHETS SAY YOUR THEOPHONY. WE hear from our theophony. &gt;&gt; When you're hearing from the word, &gt;&gt; right? He says when the preacher is preaching, you are hearing from your word. Theophony. &gt;&gt; Come on, brother. Amen. &gt;&gt; Well, now I I I was thinking about this last night and and and so I, you know, I just started looking up. Okay. So, animal life. So, it's all in the it's all in the DNA. It's all in the DNA. You eat. Amen. And as you eat according to your body type, then you just simply grow. You you it just your food your your food gets all Amen. you it goes in one mouth and it and goes through the esophagus and and then before you know it there's certain parts of that food goes for your brain, certain parts of that food goes for uh uh nutrition to this and that and the other and it just your your body just does it. Hallelujah. You don't eat this and say, "All right, I want this go to the brain and yes, I want this to go to my kidneys and I want this." You just eat, right? SO I I WAS I I WAS LOOKING AT THE I I WAS THINKING ABOUT the transition the the the going from the flesh to the word and I thought about the tadpole and the tadpole that the the tadpole is a uh um it it's it's it's one of what do you call those creatures that eat the leaves the plant the plant life or or &gt;&gt; herbivore. Yes. So, so it it just eats the algae and and the things there on the but but after a while as the transition is fixing to get ready desire begins to change it cannot go through the transition without changing of diet. &gt;&gt; So what it does is it start it has to start eating protein. SO, IT GOES FROM EATING THE ALGAE to start eating protein &gt;&gt; and finding the protein. And as it's EATING THE PROTEIN, THE TRANSITION IS BEGINNING to change. And it goes from a tedo to a frog. &gt;&gt; And and AND WE WENT THROUGH ALL OF THESE AGES, ALL OF THESE AGES, SEVEN AGES, and we've been eating a certain portion. But in the last days, God says, "I I've GOT TO CHANGE THE DIET IN ORDER TO MAKE THE TRANSITION." &gt;&gt; IT'S THE WORD CALLING THE WORD OUT OF YOU. SO WHAT DID GOD DO? GOD SENT US A MORE POSITIVE WORD. HE DIDN'T SEND US THE DARK SHADOWS OF DENOMINATIONALISM. WELL, THIS PREACHER SAID, THAT PREACHER SAID, "NO, IT WAS THE LOGOS HIMSELF. IT WAS THE PILLAR OF FIRE RETURNING BACK TO THIS DAY calling you calling that soul right back to him. &gt;&gt; You're going to end up word. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? See, see this is and and and what are we doing? How do we do it, brother Wendle? I I I want to be there. Just eat and obey the word. &gt;&gt; Eat and obey the word. Eat and obey the word. You've got to obey the word. Amen. That that's exactly right. And and so that that's the reason why Amen. Some of you I'm pressuring really hard to obey the word. If you're going to be a Christian, you better obey the word. Amen. Don't wait till tomorrow. Don't wait till next day. Get that word in your life now. Amen. We don't know when that rapture is coming. &gt;&gt; You got to get ready. &gt;&gt; And I I I'm telling you, you you you YOU GOT TO GET RIGHT WITH THE WORD ONE WAY OR THE OTHER. be right with the word. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Or stay here and continue being a tadpo. &gt;&gt; But we don't want to be tadpoles. &gt;&gt; We don't want to just be a beast. That's all we are, folks. This flesh is nothing else but a beast. We are animal life. We're a mammal. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. The only thing that makes us different is there's that soul on the inside of us &gt;&gt; that is calling us. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. So, so we bypass that. But there's but there's a reason that God is is doing this. Amen. Brother Brandon would put it like this. He he would put it he he would put the like like the the diamond. He would say, "Now that diamond that diamond holds all the fire. It holds all the glory, but yet when you look into the diamond, it's murky. When you get a big diamond, it's murky. It's it's um Amen. It's uh uh uh it's got the characteristics. It's it's got the inherit inherent part. Amen. But but it's it's it's u you know uh um where dull, hazy, rough, uneven, jagged textures. And and so and that's the way God was. He's that he was that great diamond. Amen. He we knew God was merciful and just, but yet it was hazy in the Old Testament. But when Jesus came, &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He had all of those all of those things with were there. But it took that diamond being cut &gt;&gt; and chipped and cut and then before you know it as it is cut, beat, mashed, Christ beat, mashed, just all of a sudden all of those eternal qualities of God begin to reflect. We've seen the mercy of God like never before. We saw election like never before. We saw uh predestination. We saw mercies and compassions like never before. We seen all of this like never before. When we seen GOD REFLECTED THROUGH a cut and bruised, he was bruised for our iniquity. The chastisement of our peace was upon him and with his stripes we are healed. Oh, can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Oh, glory to God. And only only Amen. the the the the cutter or the the the the the laper artist or whatever you call that guy's name. He can look at that that that that raw, hazy, jagged diamond. Amen. And he can see the intense quality before he ever cuts it. &gt;&gt; You came out of God just like Jesus did. You were the thoughts of God. You were eternal with God. And God sees all those qualities in you. Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And today he's cutting and chipping. &gt;&gt; Is that right? &gt;&gt; So just as the great diamond Jesus Christ, we saw the reflection through him. There's also we're a diamond, too. &gt;&gt; And he's reflecting us. You're we're far superior than the angels. We're far superior than that than those kinds of things. The Bible says the least in the kingdom of God was greater than John the Baptist. Yes. &gt;&gt; That's what Jesus said. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, SO WHAT IS THAT? WE'RE NOT TRYING TO DO AWAY WITH THE PROPHET. NO, NO, NO, NO. WE'RE not trying to do away with angels. No, no, no. THEY WERE. BUT WHAT WE ARE SAYING IS SEE yourself in the word. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; All right. So, so, so you you understand what I'm saying? Now I I want us before we be before we close here, let's go let's read just a a minute over here in the second chapter of Hebrews. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Now, now if you go to the first verse, therefore we ought to give the more earnest heed to the things which we have heard, lest at any time we should let them slip. For if the word spoken by angels was steadfast, and every transgression and disobedience received a just recompense reward, how shall we escape if we neglect so great a salvation? So what would if the types and shadows was incredible? What are we going to do with this reality of Jesus Christ? Amen. And it says, "How shall come accept the great salvation which at the first began to be spoken by the Lord and was confirmed unto us by them that heard them?" And and God also bearing witness them witness with signs and wonders and with diverse miracles and gifts of the Holy Ghost according to his own will. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; For unto the angels hath he not put in subjection the world to come, whereof we speak. But one in a certain place testified saying, "What is mankind? Not necessarily man, but mankind, humanity. What is man that thou art mindful of him? Or the son of man that thou visitest him? Thou mst him a little lower than the angels." and and and the real and and the real uh uh words there. If I can if I can find that. Praise the Lord. I I had uh the the the other meaning to that here. Amen. Do you love him? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Amen. And um Oh, I hate that. I didn't I've got it here somewhere, but I can't find it. Anyways, Amen. In in in the original it says, "Thou mst him for a little while lower than the angels. Thou did crown him with glory and honor and did set him over the works of thine hands, and thou has put all things in subjection under him. For in that he put all things under him, he left nothing that is not put under him. But now for a while we see not yet all things put under him. But we see Jesus. Someone shout hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Who was made for a little while lower than the angels for the suffering of death. Crowned with glory and honor that he by the grace of God should taste death for every man. So here we are for a little while. We're in this and YET AND THEN CHRIST for a little while took on sinful flesh. He didn't sin. He was left with and yet he paid the price for me and you and he went back. What what am I trying to say for this little while that we here? It's not going to last too much longer. &gt;&gt; We're going back. We're going. We see Jesus. Angels couldn't do it. Prophets couldn't do this, but Jesus could. &gt;&gt; God, that great logos came after us. Hallelujah. Well, isn't that just wonderful, &gt;&gt; man? That's wonderful. Amen. AND AND THE ANGELS, GOD STILL HAS ANGELS TODAY. AMEN. WE'RE NOT TRYING TO ATTAIN ANGELS. NO, WE HAVE BEEN RESTORED ALREADY. Not maybe not in our PHYSICAL CONDITION, BUT OUR RELATIONSHIP HAS ALREADY been restored back to God. Brother Brandon would say, "Which one's higher? A son of God or an angel?" &gt;&gt; He says, "A son of God." SON OF GOD. WHY? YOU WERE IN THE ATTRIBUTES OF GOD. YOU WERE IN THE THOUGHTS OF GOD. YOU ARE YOU WERE WITH HIM. YES. You skipped the word. Amen. And you were born in this sinful body. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; But it didn't change the attributes inside you. And we are going back. Hallelujah. Well, praise the Lord. If the musicians will come amen &gt;&gt; in the form of God. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Amen. Yes. Yes. The great redeemer. Amen. Become my savior. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He for a little while. Hallelujah. Took on sinful flesh. But it wasn't. But you put it, you look at both. You look at that translation and it's in both of them. It's for both. Amen. You for a little whileed 70 years. Amen. You're allotted. But oh, the promise is the word. &gt;&gt; You're the promise is the word. So what are we doing? We're eating that word. Don't tell me you're eating the word if you're not living that word. &gt;&gt; Don't tell me you're eating the word if if if it's if it it becomes your desire. You you just you're not making yourself do anything. You're just eating the word. That's what you that's your genetics. That's what you're craving. That's what you want. Amen. And that's the reason why we just Satan wants to pull us this way and that way and and and and and get our appetite away from those things. And that's why there's where we have to fight. There's where we have to fight is to watch those appetites that Satan's trying to pull us this way or that way. Amen. What is that soul craving? What's that soul craving? Well, praise the Lord. When a when a mama's given birth, all of a sudden there's just man, she just gets these wild cravings. There's something in there's a life on the inside of her that is that is craving for something. Amen. I you know, as I as I told you, uh my my grandmother, my mom's mother, you know, she get got pregnant and and she wanted she wanted them to go out and dig up some clean dirt. Amen. Clean dirt. I thought dirt was dirty, but they she she wanted clean dirt. So, they'd have to get it way down to get some clean dirt and she would eat. Now that but there was something in that dirt that that baby was calling for. That baby was calling for it. Praise the Lord. The boy eating the eating eating the pedals off the bicycles. &gt;&gt; His system WAS CALLING for sulfur. &gt;&gt; They didn't know what it was. They would just come outside. They thought they thought they were raising a weirdo. They'd come around and there's the boy. Instead of riding the bike, he was eating the pedals. Hallelujah. Finally took him in to see what was going on. And the doctor says he's lacking sulfur. His system is craving sulfur. And when he's when they started giving him that, he quit eating the pedals off the bikes. AND AS SONS OF GOD, WE WE GOT A CRAVING AND AND WE'RE TRYING TO SATISFY IT WITH THIS. We're trying to satisfy it with that. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Amen. You see, &gt;&gt; I don't know. I I I I don't know. Why? Why? Why give room for the devil? We know it doesn't satisfy. It doesn't. So get rid of those things that would so easily beset us. Say, "Lord, you're the creator of this. Your I was in your thoughts. You You're eternal. You're you're big. I You know what I'm needing? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And he sends us his word. And he knows how to feed. And what we do is we just eat it. We just eat it. We can't eat Luther's. That was that was on the herbivore. That was under that deal. But here we are. We're Amen. We're a carnivore. We're eating the meat. Amen. Amen. It's God that's taking us up higher. We don't understand it. We're not being religious about it. It's just our craving. So, if you can live in sin and stay in sin, then that means that maybe there ain't a there ain't there there ain't maybe maybe maybe you don't maybe maybe maybe maybe they don't have a maybe they don't have a word body that's that that's calling. But a Christian who was in his thoughts before, God sends his word and says we'll live by his word. Man shall live by every word of God. All that is is Lord, just keep me in your will. Keep me in your will. Keep me in your will. &gt;&gt; If I'm wrong, I want to get it right now. Not tomorrow. Not I yesterday. I got to get it wrong. I got to get it right. I'm not going to live in sin. not going to do it. Well, but but she done this to me and he done that. I don't care. Get it fixed. Well, I you know, I I just I I just No, no, no. Just it's there's a craving in our heart. We know we don't fit in. WE KNOW SOMETHING'S WE WE KNOW. WE JUST know it's it's we would listen. It don't take rocket scientists to tell us that there's SOMETHING MISSING in us. &gt;&gt; YES, &gt;&gt; WE DON'T WANT THIS is I don't want to live in this body the rest of my LIFE. I CAN'T. THERE'S something missing in me. &gt;&gt; But there's a craving. So what we do is we know where that craving's coming from. It's why the world can't satisfy it. Sex can't satisfy it. Education can't satisfy it. uh a jobs can't satisfy it. Nothing can satisfy it. It's God. And God has come to us in this day with a message. And that message hits the spot. Let's live by it. Is that right? Am I Am I making sense? It's not a religious cycle. &gt;&gt; It's just fellowship with the word. It's just simply he gives me his word and I say, "Okay, I'm going to live by that." &gt;&gt; He gives, "Okay, yes, my Lord, that's your desire. Your desire is my command." That settles it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; See? Hallelujah. Do you love him? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Are you going to fail? You going to fall? Okay. Well, there's plenty of blood for when you do fall. We're going to fall. We're still living in this herbivore body. But there is that there is a reality that is saying, "Amen. Come on. Come on up higher." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I can hear my theophony calling me. Some Some say, you know, I was thinking about Halen and her birthday today, you know. and and Heavy Haven is she's just as cute as as cute can be, you know, and I love my Haven. And some some say, well, you know, won't be much difference between heaven and and here. I mean, I'm, you know, well, I guess I'll be 18 there. And uh we'll be young, you guys. You know, like you know, all of you good-looking punks, but can you imagine being there with with no turmoil? No turmoil, no none of that. There'll be no turmoil as as a young as as young people. And that that's what the crazy thing is a lot what I found in a lot in in among the young people today is there is there seems to be more turmoil in our generation in in in our youth. I mean I had turmoil when I was a kid but but I know there's there there's a lot of that turmoil. Can you imagine? You've got a body on the other side with with all beauty and no turmoil, &gt;&gt; no fear, no mistakes, no wondering if we're cute or not cute, no wondering if this one likes us or that one doesn't. No wandering. If there's any hope, that's the one we're going to, folks. We see Jesus. &gt;&gt; We see Jesus. And that Jesus is among us great, great, great, great with his word today. Did I make sense today? Did Did my thoughts here I I the Apostle Paul, he found this Jehovah to be Jesus and he and he's looking and he's and it made the difference in his life. Praise the Lord. Well, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; What are you What are you playing there, brother Kobe? &gt;&gt; Game for Jesus. I have longing in my heart. Amen. Amen. Just to be near him, to feel his presence. I had a longing in my heart for him. I have a longing longing for Jesus. Every one of us have it. The preacher didn't give it to you. Connor, your mom and dad didn't give it to you. And it's not based on them. And it's not based on the preacher. It's based on that election way before the foundation of the world. You were born, Jesse, in a sinful home. But it wasn't it wasn't that. It was predestination. It don't matter. It don't it don't matter whether we come from a Christian home or not. There's a longing in us. And we fight. We fight with ourselves. We fight in our minds. We But we have that word body waiting on us. That's what we're striving for. We're striving for that. And God brings us in those areas. He took you out of out of a a sinner's home and brought you Why? because he knew that it was going to be dependent on that body was going to be dependent on what you're eating on here. That's why it grieves me to see believers homes with TVs in their houses. It does. It It just grieves me. Grieves me to see preachers doing it. I I just but ultimately the seed is going to reflect it's going to reflect this message. I I think the longing in our heart should be if I'm a seed of Abraham, then I'm going to bring as many people and feed with me on that right those righteous things. &gt;&gt; Yes. I I I'm not I I don't want I don't want to take the younger generation or even my friends and get them all muddled up here. I I I want to cut loose of these things here because there's got to be something. There's got to be something. And I know, you know, I'm known around here as as as as the fuddy duddy on all the electronics and the I am absolutely against the gaming uh over the internet. I'm just against it. You elders that do it with our young people, I just feel like you're teaching them to put more time on their phone. you're I just I just I'm just against it. But it don't matter how much I preach it. It's you're going to do it anyway. And here's the deal. Why can't we use our influence in a in in a positive way for these kids? Why why why why why can't we if we if we want to be together and do things let's let's um do message quizzes with one another or do what you know I don't know I'm saying that Satan knows Satan knows that we can only eat a certain kind of stuff and that We're living in a in a twofold body, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And while we do have to have games, and while we do have to, we do I understand that. I think it's good to have board games, family time. I I I do. But I do believe the internet's taken away from the family time. And I I do I do believe that one person being in a bedroom with a phone, another person's bedroom with a phone taken away from families. It's taken away from prayer. Was taken away from these kinds of things. Listen, I don't game on my stupid phone. And I have a problem putting my phone down. Okay? I just say there's you got a you got a theophony body that's calling you and that theophony body ain't a game. Brother Brandham says it's the word calling the word. It's the word calling that out of our souls. &gt;&gt; Y'all understand where where I'm at on it? I'm not dogmatic. I don't know. I I you know hey I sat down and and watched it's a wonderful life might blow you away but I do I have I'm not I'm not dogmatic &gt;&gt; I'm saying &gt;&gt; there there there there's There's a cry in all of us. And that the cries, &gt;&gt; we got to feed that. Got to feed it. Just keep on eating. Someone had asked me, "Well, brother, what can I do? I I I know I want I want to go to heaven. What can I do?" I said, "Just eat. Just eat. That's all you have to do. Just eat the word. Just eat." It does the changing itself. We are being transformed, but we've got to eat it. &gt;&gt; I want the supernatural. Just keep on eating. &gt;&gt; Keep on feeding. Just feed. Feed that inner man. Feed that inner man. I promise you this. We'll see supernatural. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; We'll see devils cast out. We'll see miracles and healings. We'll see all of that. But I think I think our part is just just taking his word, loving it, eating it. That's all. Don't be anything else. Brother Brand says, "Don't try to be anything. Don't be don't try to be different." Opening of the seals, he said, "Don't try to make yourself any different. Just just be a Christian and just eat." As you can tell, I don't have a problem eating sometimes. God's not wanting us to feed this. He wants us to feed that soul. Oh God, I don't think I'm an old fogy. I just don't think I don't think because I've got my convictions from this message. What I say about TVs, Brother Brandham says the exact same thing except even worse. &gt;&gt; What I've said about those spirits, Brother Brandham has said it and even worse. I cannot say it as hard as brother Bradamus said it. &gt;&gt; It's there. &gt;&gt; But are we eating? Religion is going to be here when we're gone. But the word eating bride is going to be transformed. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; Into that image. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And buddy, I'm believing we're fixing to step into it. &gt;&gt; Amen. Yes. But brother Windle, I just I can't everybody make the rapture because I've got all my faults and I've got Eat. Just eat. You're going to make it. &gt;&gt; But we can tell when we're not eating the way we should be eating because then there's Hallelujah. We got the cupcakes and the then when you sit down at the meal, mama knows you've been eating something else besides Amen. waiting for for the dinner. Amen. So we want to there's a table spread where the saints of God are fed. He invites his chosen people &gt;&gt; to come and dine. &gt;&gt; Do you love him? &gt;&gt; God bless you this morning. All right. So I told you I was going to quit at 12 and it's probably 1. Amen. Let's stand to our feet. God bless you. There's a calling. Calling for Jesus. &gt;&gt; Put that song back up there, y'all. I have a longing in my heart for him. Just to be near him. to feel his presence. That's all I want. I have his longing in my heart for Let's sing it again with all of our heart. Does that reflect Does that song reflect your soul? I have a longing longing for Jesus. I have a longing in my heart for him. just to be near him, to feel his presence. I have a longing my heart. Father, we give ourselves to you. We can feel it. Brother Brandham likened us unto a a pregnant woman with child. We We can feel that we're fixing to give birth at any time to that to that word image. We can feel that word image around us. We're we're taking on that image, Father. We love you. We thank you for your grace. Thank you for this great majestic assurance in our hearts. We love you, Father. Now, Lord, we consecrate ourselves a new to you this morning. If there be any Lord that has not really made that connection with you and they have been religious and they've seen the shadows and the types, but Lord, you have not revealed yourself as the word to them. I pray Lord, I pray that you would reveal yourself to them now. Lord, let none of us, Lord, to rest until we have received the Holy Spirit so that your words can feed us and we can grow and mature. We thank you for it, Father. We bless your name, Lord. We give ourselves to you. Uh we can hear that theophony call and we can hear your word ringing in our ears. Granted, Lord, thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. In Jesus name. I have a longing in my heart for you. That's a good song right there. just to be near to feel his presence. I have a longing in my heart for God bless you. Now you're dismissed in the fear of the Lord. I have a long me. hear you to feel his presence. I have but lonely in my heart for him. I have longing longing for Jesus. I have long needed in my heart for here just to be near here to feel his presence. I have a longing in my heart for you.
