################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-08 - 6.8.25 - Being Sure Of Your Safety - Daniel Darko - Daniel Darko.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-08
Title:   6.8.25 - Being Sure Of Your Safety - Daniel Darko
Speaker: Daniel Darko
Church:  Send The Light Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JxhlBjpaWkU
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] We're all right. In this world of sin I am so needy. Lord make me pure within. I am so needy. Lord, so needy of you. I am so needy, Lord, to be more like you. Share all my rights away in this world of sin. I am so needy, Lord, to be pure with it. Let's just sing that chorus. Create in me a clean heart. Amen. Amen. [Music] Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. Cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord, and take not thy holy spirit from me. Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation. and renew a right spirit within me. Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. [Applause] Cast me not away from thy presence, O Lord, and take not thy holy spirit from me. Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation. and renew a right spirit within me. Amen. Amen. If you need him, first thing you got to do is get a clean heart. Amen. Amen. Let's just bow our heads for a word of prayer. Dear heavenly father, we're so grateful for this beautiful day you've given to us. We're grateful, Father. Lord, you've given us health. Lord, you've given us a desire to praise you. Lord, to lift up your name. And I just pray, Lord, you receive our worship, receive the songs, the thoughts of our thought hearts, our minds. Lord, may they just be centered on you. And may you just come and bless the service this morning. We pray you'll accept our offering, the offerings of our lips, the offerings of our hearts, the offerings of our hands. Accept them, Lord. May they be acceptable in your sight. May you just come and be our guest. Bless the speaker. Lord, we love you. In Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. There's honey in the rock this morning. Amen. Oh my brother, do you know the Savior who is wonderous, kind, and true. He's the rock of your salvation. There's honey in the rock for you. Oh, there's honey in the rock, my brother. There's honey in the rock for you. Leave your sins for the blood to cover. There's honey in the rock for you. Have you tasted that the Lord is gracious? Do you find the way that's new? Have you drank from the living fountain? There's honey in the rock for you. Oh, there's honey in the rock, my brother. There's honey in the rock for you. Leave your sins for the blood to cover. There's honey in the rock for you. Oh, you pray unto God the Father. What wil thou have me to do? Never fear, he will hardly answer. There's honey in the rock for you. Oh, there's honey in the rock, my brother. There's honey in the rock for you. Leave your sin for the blood to cover. There's honey in the rock for you. Then go out through the streets and by way. Preach the word to the many or few. Say to every fallen brother, there's honey in the rock for you. Oh, there's honey in the rock, my brother. There's honey in the rock for you. Leave your sins for the blood to cover. There's honey in the rock for you. Amen. Amen. Amen. We shall see the king. Amen. Amen. There's a blessed time that's coming. Coming soon. It may be evening, morning, or at noon. The wedding of the bride united with the groom. We shall see the king when he comes. Oh, we shall see the king. We shall see the king. We shall see the king when he comes. He's coming in power. Will hail the blessed hour. We shall see the king when he comes. Are you ready? Should the Savior come today, would Jesus say, "Well done," or go away. My home is for the pure, the vow can never stay. We shall see the King when he comes. Oh, we shall see the King. We shall see the King. We shall see the King when he comes. comes. He's coming in power. We'll hail the blessed hour. We shall see the king when he comes. Oh my brother, are you ready for the call to crown your savior, King and Lord of all? The kingdoms of this world shall soon before him fall. We shall see the king when he comes. Oh, we shall see the king. We shall see the king. We shall see the king when he comes. He's coming in power. We'll hail the blessed hour. We shall see the king when he comes. Oh, we shall see the king. We shall see the king. We shall see the King when he comes. He's coming in power. We'll hail the blessed hour. He shall see the King when he comes. Amen. Amen. If you're looking for him, Amen. The Bible said, "For every knee, Amen. What a wonderful Savior I have. He hideth my soul." Amen. A wonderful Savior is Jesus my Lord. A wonderful Savior to [Music] me. He hideth my soul in the cl of the rock. whereers of pleasure I see. He hideth my soul in the cliff of a rock that shadows a dry thirsty land. He hideth my life in the depths of his love and covers me there with his hand and covers me there with his hand. A wonderful Savior is Jesus my Lord. He taketh my burdens away. He holdeth me up and I shall not be moved. He giveth me strength as my day. Amen. Praise God. Amen. He hideth my soul in the cliff of a rock that shadows a dry thirsty land. He hideth my life in the depths of his love and covers me there with his hand. and covers me there with his [Music] hand with numberless blessings. Each moment he crowns and filled with his fullness divine. I sing in my rapture. Oh, gloryy to God for such a redeemer as mine. He hideth my soul in the cliff of the rock that shadows a dry thirsty land. He hideth my life in the depths of his love and covers me there with his hand and covers me there with his hand. and clothed in his brightness. Transported I rise to meet him in clouds of the sky. His perfect salvation, his wonderful love. I'll shout with the millions on high. He hideth my soul in a cliff of a rock that shadows a dry thirsty land. He hideth my life in the depths of his love and covers me there with his hand. and covers me there with his hand. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. I hope you feel that every day. Every day, every hour. Amen. He's got us. Amen. Uh, brother Jonathan um says, "Please pray for healing." He also has an unspoken request. Amen. Sister Linda Helm says, "Please pray for my family to draw close to the Lord." Amen. Amen. Also, let's remember those that are struggling with cancer. Brother Bill, Sister Elizabeth, Sister Sharon, that God will just touch them. Amen. to remember one another. Yeah. And we'll draw nigh to him. Amen. That's a good place to draw nigh. Amen. Amen. Let's all stand together. Let's just join our voices together. Amen. Jesus. I shelter just Lord Jesus, all of our children Heavenly Fatherless Lord. Remember brotherless speakus. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Can I ask brother Orlando to pray over the offering, please? Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Sunlight. Sunlight. Amen. Amen. I wandered in the plants of Jesus came to me and with the sunlight of his love bid all my darkness flee. Sunlight, sunlight in my soul today. Sunlight, sunlight, all along the way. Since the Savior found me, took away my sin. I have had the sunlight of his love within. The clouds may gather in the sky and billows around me roll. Never dark the world may be, I have, sunlight in my soul. Sunlight, sunlight in my soul today. Sunlight, sunlight, all along the way. Since the Savior found me, took away my sin. I have had the sunlight of his love within. While walking in the light of God, a sweet communion find. I press with holy vigor on and leave this world behind. Sunlight, sunlight in my soul today. Sunlight, sunlight, all along the way. Since the Savior found me, took away my sin. I have had the sunlight of his love within. I cross the wide extended plains. I feel the plains. And in the sunlight of his love, I create golden grain. Sunlight, sunlight in my soul today. Sunlight, sunlight, all along the way. Since the Savior found me, took away my sin. I have had the sunlight of his love within. Soon I shall see him as he is the light that came to me. Behold the brightness of his face throughout eternity. Sunlight, sunlight in my soul today. Sunlight, sunlight, all along the way. Since the Savior found me, took away my sin, I have had the sunlight of his love within. Sunlight, sunlight in my soul today. Sunlight, sunlight, all along the way. Since the Savior found me, took away my sin, I have had the sunlight of his love within. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. But until then, I'm going to keep on singing. My heart can sing when I pause to remember. A heartache here is but a stepping stone along the trail that's winding always [Music] upward. This trbled world is not my final home. But until then, my heart will go on [Applause] singing. Until then, with joy I'll carry on. Until the day mine I behold that city until the day God calls me home. The things of earth will dim and lose their [Music] luster. If we recall, they're borrowed for a while. And things of earth that cause a heart to tremble. Remember there will only bring a smile. Until then my heart will go on singing. Until then with joy I'll carry on. Until the day my eyes behold that city. Until the day God calls me home. This weery world with all its toil and struggle may take its toll of misery and strife. The soul of man is like a waiting eagle. When it's released, it's destined for the sky. Until then, my heart will go on singing. Until then, with joy I'll carry on until the day mine eyes behold that city. Until the day, God calls me home. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's all stand together. Amen. The master has a table spread where all the saints are fed and you can come and eat there, too. I mean, it's a big smorgesborg. Amen. Jesus has a table spread where the saints of God are fed. He invites the chosen people come and die. Where this man he doth feed and supplies our every need. Oh his sweet tooth with Jesus all the time. Come and dine. The master calleth come and dine. You may feast at Jesus table all the time. He who fed the multitude turned the water into one. To the hungry calleth now, come and come. The disciples came to land, thus obeying Christ's command, for his master called to them, come and die. There they found their heart's desire. Bread and fish upon the fire. Just as satisfies the hungry every time. Come and dine. The master callth come and dine. You may feast at Jesus table all the time. Hey who fed the multitude, turn the water into wine. To the hungry call it now. Come and die. When a lamb will take his bride to be ever at his side. All the host of heaven will [Music] assemble. Oh, it will be a glorious sight. All the saints on botless wine and with Jesus they shall feast eternally. Come and dine. The master calleth come and die. Your cruise may feast time. He who fed the multitude turn the water into wine. To the hungry calleth now come and dine. Come and dine. The master calleth come and dine. You feast at fable all the time. You fed them up to turn the water into wine. Do the hungry calleth down. Come and dine. Amen. Amen. I was glad when they said unto me, let us go to the house of the Lord. A place where we can be fed and be saved. Well, brother John, I thought you're already saved. But you know, every day we need help from the Lord. The devil, he wants to get in there, take our our joy, our peace, and I'm just thankful that we can come and feed on the bread of life today. Amen. And what a privilege to to be together with brothers and sisters like precious faith. Um we're just like family, spiritual family. And good um Caleb with us. God bless you. And we have one other somewhere, right? Is that true? Amen. Well, God God bless him wherever he's at. And God bless each and every one of you. Amen. Amen. I'll say, you know, President Trump would say, "Well, God bless America." I say, "God bless the bride." God bless the bride. It's a high calling. Amen. Let's Let's praise God. Praise you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. What a special blessing to have brother Daniel Darko Darko from Ghana, West Africa with us today. And uh he may not probably share but I just want to share with you um the value of the US dollar has gone down about 42% since he took off in a plane to come here. So, he's going to be going home with 42% less than what was given to him in US dollars while he's here. Think about that. That I I don't know what 3 weeks. I don't know how many wasn't long at all. That's how what a what a turn is the American dollar has taken over there. So, if we could just remember that in prayer because he's trying to build a church, finish building a church and for the for what he's doing for the missions and for those in uh the is it the con the Congo area that you were doing the Malawi? Yes, he's and we've we all you all had been participating with the Bibles in Malawi. there's still a great work there and brother Jeff has um been able to get the Bible actually written um in that language there and they're in the midst of um buying Bibles and and getting them into that land. So we want to continue to remember remember that in prayer. How many how many wants to receive something special? Amen. Jesus, if he was here, he would just say it like this. Be it unto you according to your faith. Amen. Amen. Let's just sing only believe as our brother comes to give us the word of life today. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. [Music] Only believe. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. Well, Lord, I receive. Lord, I receive all things. Lord, I receive. Lord, I receive. All things are possible. Lord, I receive. Amen. That is your own confession. You receive then you have to receive. Amen. Let's bow down our heads for a word of prayer. Amen. Gracious Lord, we thank you this morning. Father, we give you glory and adoration for seeing us through the night safe and successfully and giving us this new day. Lord, you said we should enter into your gates with thanksgiving in our hearts. That's right. Amen. Said that you live in the praise of your children. Thank you for giving it the strength to come and praise you Lord. Father, we are about to feed on your word and we ask your mercies to come down. Oh Lord, I commit myself again into your mighty hands. Father, without you, I am nothing and any able man can turn the pages of the scriptures and read them. But it takes you oh God to bring the meaning into the heart of your children. That is what we ask you this morning father to do that our faith will not rely upon any man's idea but rather the revelation of your word. Help us this morning oh God to come close to thee in the name of Jesus Christ. And father any unspoken request that is upon the heart of your children I commit all into your mighty hands. Lord, see and do all for them that in their joy they will glorify your mighty name. Thank you in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Uh let's sit for a moment, brothers and sisters. God bless you all. Um thank you again, brother John, for bringing me back to the pulpit. Um I really appreciate uh you and the entire family. Well, um, some few weeks back I was here and I went round to visit some of the breeding. Uh, it's time for me to go home and that's why I'm here back back here to finish with you and then uh we will set off. So, we need to pray as uh we journey back home willing tomorrow. Um, let me appreciate brother Ron also and uh sister Lori, they've taken very good care of me. I mean, we had good fellowship. We had good food and I mean our our fellowship was so great. I really appreciate that. Brother Ron and uh sister Lori, God bless you. Amen. Yeah. So the rest we will dedicate it unto the Lord by um feeding upon his word. If there is anything that I forgotten to put across, maybe in the course of the preaching I'll bring it out. Okay. Amen. Amen. God bless you, brother M. I'm happy to see you here today. Okay. God bless you. The Lord is in control. Amen. So, beloved, uh without wasting much time, let's uh just be on our feet again and turn our scriptures to uh Psalms 91. Psalm 91 is reading verse 1 to8. Psalm 91 verse1 to 8. He that dwelleth in the secret place of the most high shall abide under the shadow of the almighty. I will say of the Lord, he is my refuge and my fortress, my God. In him will I trust. Surely he shall deliver thee from the snare of the fowler and from the noisome pestilence. He shall cover thee with his feathers, and under his wings shalt thou trust. His truth shall be thy shield and buckler. Thou shalt not be afraid for the terror by night, nor for the arrow that flyth by day, nor for the pestilence that walketh in darkness, nor for the destruction that wasted at noonday. A thousand shall fall at thy sight, and 10,000 at thy right hand, but it shall not come nigh thee. Only with thy eyes shalt thou behold the sea and see the reward of the wicked. Let's read also Leviticus. Leviticus chapter 25 and verse [Music] 18 and 19. Leviticus 25 verse 18. Wherefore ye shall do my statutus, and keep my judgment, and do them, and ye shall dwell in the land in safety, and the land shall yield her fruit, and ye shall eat your field, and dwell there rain in safety. Amen. The Lord add his blessing to the reading of his word. Amen. Please, let's take our seats. But beloved, this this morning uh we want to speak on um a subject or a topic being sure of your safety. Well, we know that every man, every woman, every child don't joke with safety. We all of us at all point we want to be safe and you will agree with me that when we talking about safety then we are talking about a condition of you being sure of your security. Amen. And you know fear started working in man immediately after the fall when man fell in the garden of Eden. If you remember carefully, the Bible say when their eyes were open and they realized that they were naked, then they pluck some kind of thick leaves and try to cover the themselves and they hid themselves from God. And when God came into the garden, they were nowhere to be found. And God have to call Adam, Adam. Amen. He said, "Where are you?" He said, "I'm hiding somewhere here because I'm afraid." Hallelujah. And you know the story already. I don't want to go into those ones for now. But what it entail is that that fall put fear into man. Amen. And from that day, man has lived with fear. We are always afraid of something. In fact, when you are walking by the roadside and even a driver, you know, blow a horn on you, you see the way you jump, you you are jumping to safety. You go, you don't want to be hit by the vehicle. Hallelujah. And it has been so in the life of every man, every woman, every child. We always want to be protected. Hallelujah. Even the animals. Look at the animals. When the deer is here right now and uh grazing on the grass, the moment he see any object approaching, he has to take it flight because Amen. He's afraid of death. Hallelujah. Amen. Sometimes when when we are our bodies are aching I mean the moment man go into the condition of illness or sickness or whatever the only thing that come into your mind is death is that and you'll be praying Lord heal me. Amen. I want to see the doctor. Yes. Because there is kind of fear in us. Until today man want to protect himself. Amen. Man does everything to protect himself. And in fact, people go even to spend money, okay? To put certain gadgets in their buildings and in so that they'll be protected. Right. Amen. Amen. Others go out without guns because they want to secure them their sec their safety. Some put on uh what do we call um what? Body hammer. Oh, okay. Well, I don't know about that. Bulletproof. Bulletproof. That's what I'm Oh, that's what we are saying. Body hammer. Oh, I never I never know about that. Thank you for teaching me this morning. Hallelujah. They put bulletproof to I mean to they want to be in safety because they are afraid. But eventually what happened with all their bulletproof sometime they are killed. Amen. Hallelujah. But if the child of God needs security, it is not in those things. Hallelujah. There is only one source of security for the child of God. Amen. And in fact, that source is not for all the people. Is that clear? That source of security is not for all the people, but it is for the people that God have chosen. Amen. You must accept it. Hallelujah. So we agree with David. He said, "He that dwelleth in the secret place of the most high shall abide under the shadow of the almighty." And so long as you are under that shadow of the almighty, you are secured. In fact, the prophet said, "Wherever God leaves you, there is no danger." Right? So if God is standing here and you are standing by God or God is standing by you, you are forever saved. But how do you come into that condition? Hallelujah. There is a condition. There is a way. I mean in the in the olden days when God brought the Israelites from Egypt, you know that they went through so many obstacles until nations started fighting them and they also fought. But God didn't leave Israel to fight the battles. In fact, if you remember one time when Joshua was going to battle and he met a man standing in the way with the son drawn and the courage Joshua filled the Holy Ghost was not afraid of anything. He said, "Are you for us or you are against us?" And then the Most High said, "I am the captain of the host of Israel." Amen. Then Joshua bow down and worship. Amen. God doesn't leave his people to fight the battles. God always fight our battles for us. Hallelujah. So therefore, we know very well that in the olden days when he brought the Israelites from Egypt and he set the army in array, he he divided them into four groups. I would say first battalion, second battalion, uh third battalion and the fourth battalion and in all these groups of armies, they were to protect Israel. They were to fight for Israel because of the safety of Israel. He made Simeon um uh uh Reuben to to be a leader of one group, Judah one group, Dan one group, and Ephraim one group. And in the midst of these four groups, that was what I love. And I want to catch you. I want you to catch something here. In the midst of these four groups of army, the the Levites were there. Amen. The Levites who were handling the operations of God's, you know, duties in the temple, they were in the midst with the ark. So when Israel is moving to battle with the ark of God in their midst, who is the enemy and it give some kind of boldness to Israel? Because of the covenant, because of the ark. And today we are also bold because of the word of God that God have given to us. Praise be the name of our God. Are you with me this morning? Are you with me this morning? Are you alive? Amen. Then let me hear you say amen. Amen. Brother brother Roger, God bless you, my brother. Amen. You see when you came when when we came came back to the book of revelation, you know the devil always want to go unrecognized. That is what the prophet told us. But what the devil didn't know was that God have already provided security for his people. So even around the throne of God we have four living creatures. Somewhere the Bible say there are four beasts. And the prophet said that the beast means power. He say one have a face like a lion. Another have the face like a a a an ox, another have a face like a man, another have a face like a flying eagle. And the prophet called them the throne guard. They guide the throne of God because of the bride. Because of the antichrist for the sake of the bride. Amen. So when the antichrist came in a form to deceive the people in a color of white, one of those power alerted the bride said look at that guy going don't take him to be Jesus Christ. Amen because he's using a white color. No, but others took it to be Jesus. But those two were under the shadow of the Almighty. They caught the revelation that no, we can't worship that one because it's an impersonator. He went back and came with the color red and that was when they were killing the, you know, the believers because they were standing for God. That's right. But at the same time, God made a way by using that spirit, the face like an ox. You all these is a sacrificial lamp. They spilled the blood of the believers at that time. Amen. The devil did not succeed. He came back with dark black and that was the time that they took the truth of God away from the church. when Constantine or Constantine that's how you pronounce it but we pronounce Constantine Hallelujah when he merge id adidoly and Christianity together and it took completely the word of God away and people started feeding on dogma instead of the word they started worshiping images they started teaching the people to pay even for their sins. They introduce something they call penance, pagotry and all that which is not found in the Bible. And at that point, God used the spirit that have the face of a man and he used people like Martin Luther and the rest to bring the truth back to the church. Amen. So the the just shall live by faith because brother without this security all the people will get lost but for the sake of the elect God put this security for us. Hallelujah. And when the devils realize that the battle he has lost it then he went back and mixed all the colors and now he came with a pale color still trying to deceive. But thank God that was the time that the face of the flying eagle was also in operation. And you know as high as the eagle flies the clearer is it sees on the ground. Satan don't want to be recognized but thank God for the eagle spirit. And thank God that you are living in that age now and the spirit that is working around you is the eagle spirit. That is why by his grace today we open our eyes into the word of God and we know what the truth is. Today we turn the pages of the scriptures and we know how to baptize a believer. Amen. Today we turn the pages of the scriptures and we know how to live as Christians. Amen. Today we turn the pages of the Bible and we know that we don't need to bow down to any graven image. because we are under the shadow of the almighty. Praise be the name of our God. Brother, sister, today I know you have already have the information that uh there is there is a leader of the most popular church in the world uh who has come from the United States. Amen. And they say the pope from America. The pope from America. Well, the prophet said the pope from the United States. And today, brother, when you when you listen to the news from Africa, Pentecostal pastors, Pentecarismatic ministers who who preach not believing even the message, they are all preaching about this prophecy. Ah, I said, "Wow, they are preaching then they should preach it well." After all, they have come to believe that God sent a man called William Abraham and he prophesied down and and they are fulfilling day by day and night by then they should preach it well. Hallelujah. They should declare to their people that yes, there was a man called William Mariam Brown. With a message from God, it was not Miriam Bra's message, but it's a message of Jesus Christ. But he used him as a prophet. Oh, praise the name of our God. I remember when uh Moses told the people that uh uh the Lord your God will raise a prophet like unto me and if you don't listen to him, you'll be cut off from among your people. And today I don't care how people claim they are Christians. There is only one source of Christianity. There is only one place where you can have your security. Amen. Oh brother, sister, I I wish that their eyes will be opened and believe the message. Amen. So brother, whether we like it or not, it's here with us, we've got a pope from the United States. And what that mean to the bride? What does that mean to the believer? It means that we should be ready. We should be alert. There is no time for jokes any longer. Because sometimes we we think that we have enough time ahead. No. That is why he said whatever we are doing we should continue to do but we should be ready. The reason why he said we should look for this happening is that the moment this thing come to be or pass things are going to go fast. That was the reason why the prophet said that that's why he said we should wait for the United States Pope. And this man came in the name of a lion. Then you know what a lion can do. A lion destroy, a lion divorce. Hallelujah. A lion is terrible. When a lion roar, every other creature stand still. So a lion is going to roar in the world soon and very soon. And the world is going to see what is going to happen, brother, sister. But I thank God for my life and I thank God for your life because there is no state of fear in us. We are standing firm on the word of God. We will not be shaken to the left or to the right. Where Jesus established the church and he said the gate of hell cannot prevail against it. That is where we are standing. Amen. Malachi 4 is in operation. Luke 17:30 is still in operation. Revelation 10 is still in operation. So where is the fear? The Lord have taken off from us because we are under his protective wings. Amen. We are under his protective wings. My brother and sister, you see a time is coming soon and this is the time that the foolish virgins will go and take oil. And they have started going. But when they came back, the door was shut. But the question I always ask myself is that did they get the oil when they went to buy? Did they get it? And even if they got it, what was the use? Because the bridegroom has come already. And the wise virgins who had oil in their lamps which is the message of this hour we are preaching. They have already entered with the bridegroom. They will soon start going for the oil. Brother the message that we are believing by God's grace the moment we enter into the rapture we are taking every power of it away. We are not going to leave any arms of the Holy Ghost on this earth. Hallelujah. It's because of you. That is why the Holy Ghost is here. So the moment the rapture take place, where is the Holy Ghost operation again on earth? No. That is why the world will be plunged into destruction, tribulation here and there. But you have a good time with the Lord. Hallelujah. Over there at the marish supper. Amen. So we thank God that he has placed us under the shadow of the Almighty. It is not your choice but it must always be the choice of God. Can I hear amen from you? Amen. It's a hard statement but that is it. I say it is not your choice. It is always the choice of God. Amen. Uh yesterday I was uh I was uh having a good time with my brother uh Ron and with my sister and my niece and brother Ron made a statement. I said brother Ron this statement I love it mine. He said God don't need to explain anything to you brother John. He said whatever we go through whether good or bad whether sweet or sour he said God don't need to explain anything and I saluted my brother Ron I said brother Ron you have blessed my soul because sometime we got to a point we go why is this so why is it so there is no answer to that hallelujah I I mean just just imagine beloved when God was going to take Israel from Egypt okay after he struck Egypt with you know those so many plagues and and all that and it left with the only one's plague which was going to be the death of the firstborns. I mean, why will God tell prophet Moses that? Tell Israel, tell them to kill lambs. Tell them to apply the blood at the lentils of the door for I'm going to send a death angel tonight. Why will God do that? He is all powerful. God could have just said Moses, let the people come out. But God didn't do that way. He said let them kill lamb and let them apply the blood at the lentils and that when I see the blood I will pass over them. Amen. That was the condition. Nobody can ask God a question. The only thing he was looking for is to obey the instruction. Obey thou sayeth the Lord. Amen. And what I love was that he said when they kill the animal also they should not put they should not put the flesh in in you know in water or whatever to to boil it but they should put the flesh directly on the fire on the fire. And while they are roasting it they should they should eat it in haste with bitter herbs with their loins gathered because it was the Lord's Passover. Amen. Beloved, we have reached a point that we should not we should not think we should not think that we should be pumped. We should we should we should always try to be rugged as the prophet said it. We we don't need to be pumped. We don't pump Christians. Hallelujah. We don't pump Christians because we are placed directly on the firemen. The word of God being the fire, the Holy Ghost. It must burn every fat of sin from us. Amen. It must burn every fat of unbelief from us. Hallelujah. But God said when I see the blood, I will pass over you. That is all I want to to to see. Brother, sister, you can never tell me that, oh, you are you are Israeli. You are you are an Israelite. you are a descendant of uh of Mos I'm sorry uh uh Jacob, Abraham and whoever. So because of that you you are secured. No, you'll be deceiving yourself. Hallelujah. God knew that you were you are you are a descendant of Abraham. You were descendant of Isaac, Jacob and whosoever. But he said apply the blood. Hallelujah. In fact the death angel person Excuse me. I'm getting warm now. The death angel passing. It is not the duty of the angel to knock at the door and inquire who are those in this house. How many Israelis are there? H is there any Egyptian here? No, that is not the duty of the of the angel. The duty of the angel is to only see to the blood application. So the moment they see the blood they pass over. Hallelujah. That was all the requirement and that was the safety zone that God gave to his people under the blood application. And today we are also under a similar zone which is the revealed word of God by God's own prophet. That is where our security is. It is in the word but not in the man. Amen. the word of God revealed. Amen. Hallelujah. The angel don't have any business at all. Sometime I used to ask myself a question. He says, "So if it was so and perhaps perhaps I'm I'm using the word perhaps if an Egyptian got that information, okay, and rush to any Israeli brother Orlando and perhaps saying, "Oh, brother Orlando, you know that I am your friend even though I'm Egyptian, but I have got a secret. I've got a hint that God is going to destroy. We the Egyptians are firstborns. But then he have given you some blood application. Will you let me come under your chef? Will you let me come under your roof? And perhaps if brother Orlando give that Egyptians chance to enter into his house, this is my mind because of the blood application that Egyptians will be saved. Amen. Because I said the angel was not you know given the order to inquire how many people are there. The only thing was to see the blood application. But unfortunately when the instructions also come they always come to the children of God and not to the unbelievers. I are you understand what I mean? When God want to give any you know guidance to his people, he does it secretly. It is not openly. You you may think that this message is so popular. It's not popular. This message is not popular. It's a secret message. Yes, it is. Well, it's unfortunate that today all over the internet the message is there. The pictures of the prophet is there. Well, people are praising him, some others are condemning him and here and there. But yet still the message that I've given you is salvation is a secret message. Hallelujah. Because covenant with covenant between God and his children, it is always done in secrecy. It's always done in secrecy. Is not open. Hallelujah. You remember the woman called Rahab? This woman uh everybody knows what her business used to be. And uh nobody nobody in those times will give respect to that woman because she was a prostitute. That was a trade. that was a business. And for that matter, she she built her house on the edge of the walls of Jericho because when um the the merchants are coming in, she'll be the first to see them and you will transact transaction with them. Come to my house and come and make yourself happy. But deep down in the heart of this woman, there was something that called revelation. One day she received two men into her house. H and that day was a different day. Normally when she see the men like that she know that they are coming for a business. But these two men oh no something fell on the woman. And she recognized that no, these are not ordinary men. These are men, God's own messengers. So the Bible said that she treated them very well until even she hid this man in her roof. And the soldiers came looking for them and they were nowhere to be found. Amen. And after she treated this man very well, before the men will leave her house, Rahab said, "Men of God, we know that God have given you this land and you are coming to take the land, but I want you to give me an assurance that I will not be destroyed with the people." Can we imagine a prostitute? He said, "I want you to give me a true token. Give me a I know, we know, we have heard that God gave you a token. and you were saved from those destruction in Egypt. So that token, if you still have it with you, I want it. Give it to me because I've done good to you. My what a request. But Salmon and the other man have no option but to listen to the woman and give her her desire because after all, she did good to them. Huh. Then they look at the woman. They say, "Woman, this thread that we are going to desert by when you hear that we are coming, tie it, tie it at your window and let it fly and that will be your token." You see what I love about God and his people is that whenever God give a a a token, okay, to his children, he does it in secret. But when they are applying it, they have to apply it openly. Hallelujah. And so Rahab accepted it and they asked Rahab, "Go and call your father, go and call your mother, go and call all your siblings. If they want salvation, if they want to be saved, they should come to your house." We don't care how polluted that place is. They should come to your house and they will be saved. And the moment the men left Rahab, in fact, Rahab did not wait to hear that they were coming, immediately she tied that scarlet thread rope at the window and it started flying. The token was displayed. Or if you have the Holy Ghost in you, what are you waiting for? What are you waiting for? Before you tell people about the gospel of Jesus Christ, if the talking is you, if the Holy Ghost is in you, what are you waiting for? For you to let unbelievers see your Christianity. Sometime people get to a place and they are they are even shy to correct situations. Sometime people get to a place and they are shy to open their mouth and correct people when they are even blaspheing on the word of God. No. demonstrate the Holy Ghost. Demonstrate the talking because Rahab did it and it served for a good purpose. And brother, I love it. The Bible say that Rahab went out and Rahab tried started testifying about the gospel of Jesus Christ, about the token of Jesus Christ. Well, I used to demonstrate it this way. [Music] baby while she is telling the people about the token about the safety zone in her own house. Ah Rahab I should come to your house for safety, your polluted house. Oh your house that you have have thousands and thousands and millions of men defiling that place. I should come there. Well, perhaps you are making a mistake. Once upon a time, it was a polluted house, but now is a house of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Hallelujah. If God is to look to the the kind of the kind of character and behavior that we used to be in, who will even be fit to mention the name of Jesus Christ? Once I was a sinner, but now I am saved by grace. And that is why Rahab was so bold to tell the folks that hey the Rahab you knew is not the same today. This is a new Rahab. Hallelujah. I was a prostitute at that time and I was doing the double a service but today I am evangelist Rahab. Amen. And I'm working for Jesus Christ. If you want salvation come to my house. and they will look down upon her and they will scold her and they laughed her. I mean a whole lot of things but that did not discourage Rahab. Rahab went on. In fact the Bible say the Bible say when uh uh Jericho was destroyed the house of Rahab was situated on the walls. All the walls of Jericho got broken. People died. But the house of Rahab stood. You know why? The reason was that the Holy Ghost was in that house. Amen. Was that house? Amen. Amen. And so for that matter, Rahab was saved and all his siblings, the Bible said that his father, his mother, and everyone that listened to Rahab's instruction came under that shadow of the Almighty and they were saved. Oh brother, my sister, thank God that today we have the message of the hour which is our salvation point is our salvation zone. Brother, there is nothing like the message. I said there is nothing like the message. Amen. When the Pharisees and the Sadducees didn't agree on the same doctrine, but when they wanted to kill the word, which is Jesus Christ, they came together. And when they killed Jesus, remember the moment the Bible said the moment Jesus gave up the ghost on the cross, the whole world became dark because he was the source of life. He said whether you believe it or not so long as I am in the world I am the light of the world. Hallelujah. So the moment they kill him everything went on its way and brother the same thing is going to happen today in this our time. Amen. The world is coming together. Nations are coming together and they are trying to going to squeeze with the bride of Christ. You know why? Because we have the power of God. We have the word of God. We have the revelation of Jesus Christ. This is the only place the truth of God is. But the prophet said we are the last brideg group. And for that matter, Jesus will not allow them to kill us. like how they killed Andrew, how they killed Peter, how they killed I mean all the rest. He said when they start the squeeze, the rapture will take place. So rest assured on that take fear from you. Don't be afraid. Don't entertain any fear. That's right. Because there has been an United States Pope. Yes. We pray that the prophecies will fulfill you know rapidly because we I mean look look at the situation look at the condition of man today. Where is man going? Where is man taking this world to? But the great landlord, the one that created the universe, he has to come and take his possession. Hallelujah. Let's remain under that safety zone. Let us remain in the resurrection of Jesus Christ. Let us remain in the revelation of the word of God. Let us remain by the token that God have given to us. Amen. Praise be the name of our God. The last time I was here, I think I gave a testimony about the police officer in my church. You know why the didn't kill him? Because she took he took his refuge in the Lord Jesus Christ. Which is the message. He told the people that I believe the message. There is a message that I believe the wicked doctor wouldn't manipulate his powers to kill him because he has Jesus in him. Oh hallelujah. The wicked doctor said I have tried and tried and tried and that is the way I have used to kill a lot of people. He said, "I inherited this from my father, but on you I've tried and tried and tried but I'm not able to get you." That is why I want to find out what kind of idol are you worshiping. The brother said, "No, I don't worship any idol. I worship Jesus Christ." Oh, hallelujah. Brother, we have testimonies. We have testimony not because we want to have but it because of what Jesus Christ is doing in our life daily. Hallelujah. As a child of God, believing the word of God, you are secured. I say you are secured. Amen. There is a there is another testimony about uh uh uh uh David Livingston when uh when he came to Africa in those in those years. Uh but then um a missionary earlier on went to Africa in those years you know did missionary work and the story says that the missionary real like Jesus said he say the harvest is plenty but the laborers are few. So he went back to his ascending country which is Scotland and uh proclaimed that hey beloved there is a lot of work to be done in Africa because in those days is nothing but idol worshiping killings here and there people kill human being to sacrifice to their idols in real no the mission must be severe there so they need more people on the field. So when he went there and did this proclamation said that day even a lot of people didn't come to church that day but he was not discouraged but he said it anyhow and then that time the living was a small boy on the organ somewhere and he said the man said who will go for us who will go for us three times and this young lad got up and said I will go I will go I will go said well then I'll pray heart you grow and then uh you be a doctor in the future. So when you go there you are not going only to preach the word but you I mean attend to the sick and all that and eventually it happened the same as the man said. So David Livingston grew according to the story he grew and he came to Africa as a missionary and then uh started his mission work preaching here and there and there was a native man I mean king who didn't like the idea because they they went to him trying to you know evangelize to bring him to Jesus and they didn't like it because it will take their idol worshiing And that's what they hated. So they decided to go one particular night, okay, to go and kill David Livingston and kill all the members. Ah, they sent a message to David that they were coming. So David also had no option but to pray. And he prayed to the Lord said, "Lord, please I am here to do your work. Save me and save my people. Save the compound people from all this, you know, determination by the king." And he said, "Amen." A very short prayer. So what happened was that the king didn't show up but it was not quite long. Then by God's own grace the king now believe the word and accepted Jesus Christ with almost all you know his his uh Yeah. So they started attending church and then one day David asked the king, "King, I remember some time ago you sent an you sent me a message that you were coming to kill me and kill all the people in the compound. Why didn't you come?" He said, "We came." Amen. The king said, "We came but before we struck, we saw 39 giants standing all over you. They have surrounded you because we were afraid. That is why we couldn't strike and we went back." Amen. Hallelujah. My David said, "Praise God." Amen. So it means you came to destroy us really but because you came to see a giant as you are saying you left. Praise God. Then a time came and David have to go back to Scotland to report on the mission as we come and report our mission work. Right? So he gave this testimony. Then the secretary of the church asked him, "Do you remember that particular day?" He said, "Yes, I have it on my my diary." And he gave him the date. When the secretary opened the church diary also he she realized that that particular day there were 39 church members attend church and that night they were praying soly for David and the work that he was doing down there. 39 people in Scotland praying and God sent 39 angels to go and surround David and his church. Hallelujah. So David said, "He that dwelleth in the secret place of the most high shall abide under the shadow of the almighty. I will say of the Lord, he is my refuge and my fortress, my God, in him will I trust." Beloved, don't get worried. Don't get tired. Amen. Continue with this message. Amen. For there's nothing like this. The best thing God have give in this life is the word of God. Amen. In fact, the word of God revealed. That is the best thing. Hallelujah. Amen. Let me touch the verse 9 of uh what do we call it? Psalm 91. He said, "Because thou hast made the Lord, which is my refuge, even the most high thy habitation, there shall no evil before thee, neither shall any plague come nigh thy dwelling." Amen. Hallelujah. Nothing will come around you, brother, sister. For he shall give his angels charge over thee, and he gave angels charge over David Livingston. Because believers were praying, brother, pray for us. And we are also praying for you. For he shall give his angels charge over thee, to keep thee in all thy ways. They shall bear thee up in thy hands in their hands, lest thou dash thy foot against a stone. Thou shalt tread upon the lion and other the young lions and the dragon shalt thou trample under feet because he has set his love upon me. Therefore will I deliver him. I will set him on high because he had known my name. The name of the Lord is a strong tower and the righteous like you run into it and they are saved. Amen. We have our security in the name of Jesus Christ. He said at the mention of that name, every knee must bow. So if you have that name in your possession, what should you be afraid of? Nothing. Nothing. Absolutely nothing. Because the name Jesus take fear from us. It give us boldness and sound mind. It make us prepare for the journey. because without him there's no way. Say I am the way, the truth and the life. I want the believer to say amen here. He said he shall call upon me and I will answer him. I will be with him in trouble. I will deliver him and honor him with long life will I satisfy him and show him my salvation. Praise the name of our God. And Leviticus, as we read, he said, "Wherefore ye shall do my status, and keep my judgment, and do them, and ye shall dwell in the land in safety, and the land shall yield her fruit, and ye shall eat your field, and dwell therein in safety." Amen. Amen. Let me let me read this quote from the prophet. Okay? Amen. He said the waves can beat and baffle and sickness can come, death can come. Anything else, but you are safe ever more. Thank you for saying amen, brothers. He said Christ our refuge, God's provided place of safety. So I want you to understand here beloved that your safety is not in anything. Your safety is not in the security of any man. It's not in the wealth of America. It's not in the wealth of Europe or anywhere. But your safety is only in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Well, some say they are going to make America great again. Well, we are looking, we are watching. Yes, sir. The prophet got to your place say I'm not praying for America again. Because he have seen where America have reached. If somebody say we are making, praise God for that. Let's make America again. But let's watch the word of God. Hallelujah. Amen. He said the only provided place of safety is in Jesus Christ. Christ is the only place of safety for those who want to live. You see the condition here for those who want to live. Amen. I preach here and I said it is when you accept what God have introduced to you, then it will work for you. When you accept it, it will work for you. Mary said, "Let it be unto me according to your word." Amen. I am a virgin and you are telling me that I am going to conceive mysteriously supernaturally. Well, I accept it according to your word. Today we have to say the same thing. Lord, let it be done unto me according to your word. You don't need any explanation to give to me. Amen. Oh, praise God. Hallelujah. He said the only one that has eternal life, there is no church, no denomination, no president, no king, no pope, no bishop, no minister, no anything can give you safety but Jesus Christ. That's right. Hallelujah. Oh, last when uh you you look to the news when people were crying, people were so happy because there has been a new pope. They were sharing tears, tears of joy. Oh, amen. And after the tears of joy, you go and bow down to the image of Mary. Hallelujah. After the tears, you go and believe that if you have money, you can pay for your sins. Oh God have mercy. You see, the devil is a shoot person. I was telling a brother, I said, "The devil is an old player. He knew he knows how to play the game." Until today, the devil has made people even to forget their own English. When the Bible say that thou shalt not bow down to any graven image, it's in every language. It's in English, it's in my language, it's in it's in uh uh uh what do we call any other language, German and anything that same word but Satan have made people to forget it and they bow down to grav images. Amen. Learned people learned people. People who knows something in society, they forget their own language. But we thank God for the Holy Spirit. Amen. Hallelujah. He said he is the only place that can give you safety and he is God's provided safety. Oh, we can provide this and provide that and it all fall. Uh-huh. Our bulletproof will fall. Hallelujah. Our bulletproof will fall. Amen. Our education will fall. Our poverty will fall. Everything will fall. But the only thing that is standing is that Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Oh my. He said, "But when God provides anything, it is eternal and that is God's provided way for our safety in Christ." The prophet said, "I love it." Amen. And I also love it. And I think you also love it, my sister. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, brother. There's nothing like Jesus Christ in your life. That's why the prophet said we should pity them. We should not condemn them, but we should pity them because they need to know the joy that is in the Lord. He said when you are in him, when trouble come like sickness or worry disappear, he bore our sorrows with his stripes. We were healed. Everything that we have need of for the rest of the journey is right here in the refuge. Amen. How do we get in this refuge? By one spirit. We are all baptized into this refuge. by one spirit which is the spirit of Jesus Christ. We are all all believers in America, all believers in Europe, all believers in Africa, all believers in Asia. We are all baptized into that refuge. Amen. He said, "How do we get in this refuge?" By one spirit. We are baptized into this refuge and we become a member of this refuge. We are a citizen of this kingdom with our great provider with us that provides all we have need of. Just trust his word. And we while we are in here, we are in his presence. Amen. I like that we are in his presence. Whatever brethren have gathered also in the name of Jesus Christ, he is also with them. He said now but you are tried put to the test to be proven. Amen. And Noah after the days of his preaching when he stood at the door of his ark and gave the very last call. Amen. And God told him, "I am through with them." Noah, get into the safety that have been provided. I think that's where we stand. Amen. I think that is where we stand. Noah entered into the ark after the last call and very soon there is going to be a last call. Amen. The prophet said that when the last bride member believed the message which is going to be the last call, he said the rapture has to take place. And we are eagerly waiting for that. I don't know where it's coming from. I'm always praying to the Lord. Lord, produce the last bride member because the Bible say that if you don't call the people, they cannot come. Produce. Maybe he's hiding somewhere in Fenton or Lynon. or perhaps Ghana. But whatever it takes, that last call will one day be announced. Amen. He said, I think that is where we stand. Get into that spot of safety zone. He said the traffic of sin is getting terrific, but God gives us a safety zone. Amen. Look on the street. You bear witness. Things that you don't see some time ago, you see all. And thing that you saw some time ago, you are seeing all on the streets. Everywhere is not only America, everywhere in the world. Any place that we go, we see everything the same. Praise the name of our God. By God's grace, wherever we are gone, we have been to in this mission work, we see the the same spirit, the same thing working all over upon the people. Hallelujah. Sometime you ask yourself, huh, what is going on? What is going on? You asking me or you asking God? H what is going on is what God have said that it will come. That's right. It's just manifesting until until sin that made God to destroy a nation. Yes. Today it been projected. It been supported. Oh God have mercy. Amen. The prophet said sin is like a traffic. It has jumped on a freeway. Nobody goes, nobody comes because of sin. Young boys and young girls living pro promiscuous life. No control. You can't control your child any longer. Oh God have mercy, brother. We must go back to the Bible. I don't want to listen to any constitution whatsoever. I want to listen to the Bible. The Bible is my constitution. He said, "Train up the child the way he should go and when they grow, they will not depart from it." That is my constitution. Oh, brother Daniel, be careful. I will not be careful. It is the word of God. So you be punished by I don't care who punish me. Hallelujah. If Jesus is standing by me, who is the enemy? He said they will fall at your right side and they'll fall at your left side. Oh brother, I'm so happy this morning that we are in the safety zone. Sometimes I see some of the people on the street. Hallelujah. Brother Bruce, it's serious that especially this young kids there are they pierce their nose and and and and so many rings. Oh, but I thought they say it's a mad cow that put they put a no ring in their nose to to temp them. Are they telling her that they are mad? Oh, God have mercy. Amen. The prophet said that sin is like a traffic jam on the streets even in his time. What can we say in this time? Hallelujah. Amen. Who is in control? Sin is controlling the people today. But I thank God for your life and I thank God for my life. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Notice the king that knew the notice the king that new king that raised up that didn't know Joseph what was his first scheme to destroy the power of Israel with his was their children. That's right. He tried to destroy their children. Now listen close. The same devil in a different form of a kingship tried to destroy God's only son get rid of the children first before they get start. The devil is a real smart shed. He knows how to hit the thing before it gets started. He knows it. And the only thing that can that you can ever do to beat him is is to rely on Christ and humble yourself and let him lead you. You don't lead Christ, but let Christ lead you. You don't lead the word. Let the word lead you. You see, you will never do it any other way. You will never do it any other way. There is no other way. Hallelujah. But the way of Jesus Christ. Trust and obey. For there is no other way to be happy in Jesus. But to trust and obey him. That is the only way. That is the only salvation. That is the only safety zone. Trust in Jesus. And who Jesus today? The word revealed. Your intellectual powers will never do it. Your intellectual will never do it. You've got to believe it. Just rely on him. You see the reason I used to put it this way that the revealed word is that some also claim they have the word. But but what type of word? We have the word and we have the revealed word. H he said your intellectual powers would never do it. You've got to believe it. Just rely on him. He is the shepherd. Huh? He is the shepherd, bro. He is my shepherd and he is your shepherd. He said it a sheep's business to keep the wolf away. It is the shepherd's business. I am only a sheep. I am following my shepherd. Where he leads me, there I go. Amen. If there is any danger on the way, it is not my business. It's the business of the shepherd to make sure he clears the way. The only thing I have to do is to keep following him. He said, "Well, my sheep, you have to feed here. I have no option. I have to listen to him and feed there." He said, "Okay, it's enough. Let's go back home. What do I do? I keep quiet and follow him. Another day he said let us go to grace. I follow him. I mean where he leads there I go. Hallelujah. It's not your duty at all to fight here and there. Lift the fight for Jesus Christ. Only rely your faith on him. Amen. Amen. Amen. But the sheep must stay with the shepherd in order to stay safe. That is my safety zone is Christ. And Christ is the word. That is the safety zone. Let me see the time. Amen. Believe for safety. Then apply belief for safety then apply. This is the two condition I'm giving to you before I close. Believe for safety then apply. Here is what you want to believe for. See you want your own safety. You believe for your safety and then apply the token for the whole family. You say how can I do that? Claim it. If it work on you then you and the word becomes one. Amen. Amen. You see it works for both of you. You and the word are one. Then apply it to your children. Apply it to your loved ones. You know why he was saying that? He said like Rahab did. She applied the token to her father. She applied it to her mother. She applied it to her brothers and sisters and got them all in. So let us apply it to all our folks, our our father, our mothers, our children, our brothers and our sisters. Oh, they are stubborn. I've spoken to them and they for so many years. Oh, you just continue to claim them and pray for them. One day when they get to the junction that God have provided, they will not cross but God will pick them. God will bring them in. Hallelujah. Just proclaim, just claim and just pray. Continue to pray. Just love them and God will take care of the rest. Don't be discouraged that they are not in for now. That is not your business. Your business is to continue to believe for them that one day God will bring them in. They prophesy claim them and we are claiming them. Oh my goodness. We are claiming them and will continue to claim them. You apply it. You say, "Lord, I am going after my son. I'm going after my daughter. I claim her." Satan, you turn her loose. I am coming after her. I apply my token, the Holy Spirit. Oh, Holy Spirit that lives within me, catch my daughter there, catch my son there, catch my father there, catch my mother there, and catch all my siblings also there. and bring them under the safety zone, the shadow of the Almighty with your anointing upon me. And the prophet said he will do it. Amen. He will do it. Brother, sister, God will never fail you. Hallelujah. Praise God. God will never fail you. Amen. He has never failed before. Amen. We have a song say never fail me yet. Never fail me yet. Jesus Christ never fail me yet. Ah something something something something. I forgotten the song. Hallelujah. He will never fail. Amen. We have to stand by the word. Yes. If only we know and we can believe that he is our safety. Don't worry about United States Pope. Don't worry about the crumbling of America. Don't worry about h e h uh the invasion of Russia and all that. Don't worry about that. Hallelujah. Don't worry. But just look up for your redemption drawth nigh. He said people's heart are failing for fear. But look up. Look up for your redemption draw nigh. Be sure. Be sure that you are in that safety zone. That is all that God is requiring from you. Right. Be sure one time when uh when Nebuchadnezzar erected the image and instructed that the whole province, the whole kingdom, everybody must bow down to the image. They did it. But the three Hebrew children, the Bible said they didn't bow because they knew their God. Amen. They knew the God that they believed in him and they told to the face of King Nebuchadnezzar he said king we are not going to bow down to your graven image. It is not that we don't respect you king we respect you but we will not break our commandment. Our first commandment say we should not bow down to any graven image. We should not worship them. We are not going to bow down. Then King said, well, there is only one condition for any disobedience in this area. If you refuse to bow down, we are going to burn you anyhow in a ferifas. It's a law. They said, king, we are not careful to answer you. But the God that we worship, our God will save us from your hand. But let us even tell you, even if he refused to come and save us, our law say we should not bow down to any graven image. So we are not going to bow down. Wow. I see your stubbornness now. You think you're stubborn, but I'll prove you wrong in the furry furnace. He said, "Soldiers, no set the oven." And the Bible said that they heated the oven seven times. They didn't have any revelation because the normal seven is always God. So when they heated the oven seventh one, then God dropped into the very furnace. Hallelujah. He took his seat and he was waiting to see what what was going to go on. Then they bound this brothers their foot and their hands and the soldiers threw them into the furry furnace. The Bible says that the flame that came out passed on the soldiers and it killed them. But the three Hebrew children, they were singing and they were dancing in the fairy furnace. They were singing and they were dancing. They were rejoicing. They were praising God. Amen. Hallelujah. because they found their safety in the Lord Jesus Christ. People were taken back say what what is going on? We've been we've been doing this thing all along but what is going on? The people are not dead and they are rather singing and dancing in the fire. My let's go and fetch the king. They went and called the king. King Nebuchadnezzar, king, something extraordinary is happening today. Please, the men that you commanded us to throw into the furry furnace, they are not dead. They are having a revival in the fire. They are singing their old songs and they are dancing and they are jumping. What is that? So, he said, "Yes, sir. again and it pulled him from his throne and he went to the ferry furnace and bowed himself and looked through the fire. He said, "Men and brethren, how many men did we throw into the fire?" They said, "Three men." He said, "But I see a fourth man and he's like the son of God." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So God himself descended to wait for these believers in the fire and he turned himself as a song leader and he was leading a song and they were having service and worship in the furry furnace. Amen. Amen. Wherever he calls me I will go. Amen. Nebuchadnezzar didn't have any option. And he said, "Shadrach, Mezak, and Abednego, the servant of the most high God, come out." And they came out from the fire. The Bible said that not even a hair on their skin got bent. Amen. The atmosphere, the power of God descended from heaven, entered into the very furnace and changed the condition. Amen. Not even a smoke on their body. Not even their shed got bent. And the book had no option as to put this man at a strategic point because he knew that they were indeed worshiping a true God. Brother, I'm closing with this. Let us remain focused. We shouldn't allow anything to scare us. So long as our Christian journey is concerned, brother, many things will rise on our way. We don't know how many temptations that are ahead of us. We don't know how many, you know, frustrations that are ahead of us. We don't know how many joy that are ahead of us. But in all the situation and condition, let us remain focused and let us be like Shadrach, Mesach and Abednego when they knew the God that they were worshiping and they were serving that there is nowhere safe but only in him. Amen. And today there is nowhere safe only in the message of this hour which is Jesus Christ revealed. Let us hold on to it. Amen. Let us make sure that our position is not taken from us. And let us press forward. Amen. Paul said, I forget the things of old. I cast them as dunk, but now I'm pressing on to the price of the high callings of God. Let that be our concern and let that be our faith. God bless all of us. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's bow our heads for a word of prayer. Father, we thank you Lord. We bless your name. We give you glory and adoration. Indeed, the happenings of this world, circumstances and all, Father is clearly showing to us that you are always with us. We thank you for the provided word which have given us power and assurance which has given us security that indeed we are in a safety zone. Lord may that thing never be taken from us by any happiness by any circumstance whatsoever. Help us to remain focused and believe on your word, accept your word and live under that protection. Father, we don't know whenever it's going to happen. But any day, any time as the prophet prayed, we praise him this morning. May there never be any feeble person amongst us. Strengthen us Lord. If our faith is weak, Lord, lift us up. Help us, oh God, to condemn any sin that is around us. May we squeeze it out from ours and let us walk in thy word. I thank you for the church. I thank you for my good brother, Pastor John, his family, and the entire church. Lord, Father, any other thing that you have in your hand to give to them, Father, I pray as your servant, grant it and let their joy be made full in thee. Bless them, oh God, for their support of the missions also. Lord, give them what it takes to continue to do thy work. Help us to prepare ourselves, oh Lord, at all times. May we never live in complacency, Father as we see prophecies of this message fulfilling. Help us, help us again, Lord, that we may remain faithful on today. We thank you and we bless you in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Bless you, brother John. saying, "He is here." Amen. How many appreciate that message? Amen. Our safety is here. He's a present help in a time of trouble. He is here. Hallelujah. He is here. [Music] Amen. He is here. Holy, holy. I will bless his name again. He is here. Listen closely. Hear him calling out your name. He is here. You can touch him and you'll never be the same. He is here. Hope. Halleluah. He is here. A He is here. Holy, holy. I will bless his name. And he is here listening closely. Hear him calling out your name. He is here. You can touch him and you'll never be the same. Amen. He's calling out our name to come to his name. blessing his
