################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-19 - 6.18.25 - The Spirit Of A Sound Mind - John Martin - John Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-19
Title:    6.18.25 - The Spirit Of A Sound Mind - John Martin
Speaker:  John Martin
Church:   Send The Light Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 45m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L_Xz3yxmI40
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] throw away. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Do you feel Heat. Heat. the Lord for he alone is worthy. Y for he alone is worthy for he alone is worthy Christ the Lord. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. Christ the Lord will give him all the gloryy. We'll give him all the gloryy. We'll give him all the glory. Christ the Lord. For he alone is worthy. For he alone is worthy. For he alone is worthy. Christ the Lord. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. And ask brother Ben if you'll just open in a word of prayer. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. The other morning I woke up and I had this old song on my heart. Stand up. Stand up for Jesus. Cheryl knows this. Stand up. Stand up for Jesus. Ye soldiers of the cross. Lift high his royal banner. It must not suffer loss. From victory unto victory his army shall he lead till every foe is vanquished and Christ is Lord indeed. Stand up. Stand up for Jesus the trumpet call oy for to the mighty conflict in this this glorious day ye that our men may serve him against unnumbered foes. Let courage rise with danger and strength to strengthe. Stand up. Stand up for Jesus. Stand in his strength alone. The arm of flesh will fail you. He dare not trust your own. Put on the gospel armor and watching unto prayer. When duty calls or danger, be never wanting there. Stand up. Stand up for Jesus. Ye soldiers of the cross. Lift high his royal banner. It must not suffer loss. From victory unto victory his army shall he lead till every foe is vanquished. And Christ is Lord indeed. Amen. Amen. You have to have that made up in your mind. Amen. Trust and obey. Amen. Amen. When we walk with the Lord in the light of his word. What a glory that sheds on our way. While we do his good will, he abides with us still and walk through and oy. [Applause] Trust and oy for there's no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust and oy. Not a shadow can rise. Not a cloud in the skies. Yet his smile quickly drives it away. Not a doubt or a fear, not a sign nor a tear can abide while we trust and oy. Trust and oy for there's no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust and oy. [Applause] Not a burden we bear, not a sorrow we share, but our toll his death richly repaid. Not a grief nor a loss, not a frown or a cross, but is blessed if we trust and oy. [Applause] Trust and oy for there's no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust and oy. But we never can prove the delights of his love until all on the altar we lay. For the favor he shows and the joy he bestows are for them who will trust and oy. Trust and oy for there's no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust and oy [Music] in fellowship we we will sit at his feet or we'll walk by his side in the way. What he says we will do. Where he sends we will go. Never fear. Only trust and oy. Trust and oy. For there's no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust and oy. Trust and oy for there's no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust and oy. Amen. Amen. That's the place you need to tie all your burdens, everything at his feet. Amen. He's never broken a promise yet. Without him, I can do nothing. Amen. Without him, I can do nothing. Without him, I surely fail. Without him, I would be drifting. Like a ship without a sink. Jesus. Oh Jesus. Do you know him today? Please don't turn him away. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. Without him how lost I would be. Without him I would be dying. Without him I'd be enslaved. Without him, life would be hopeless. But with Jesus, thank God I'm saved. Jesus. Oh Jesus. Do you know him today? Please don't turn him away. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. Without him how lost I would be. So I'll ask him to be my God, his word, my compass and guide. till I've anchored safely in glory. For without him I'll drift with the tide. Jesus. Oh Jesus. Do you know him today? Please don't turn him away. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. Without him how lost I would be. Amen. Amen. So we take up our prayer requests tonight. Amen. Um Sister Linda Helms says, "Please pray for my daughter Laura. She's at Mson Hospital in Cadillac. She had to be rushed back into the operating room because she's bleeding from a C-section. She's recovering right now. So, we just pray that God will be merciful to her. Let's remember brother Ron and Sister Lori and Sister Jeanie and brother Marty as they're traveling that the Lord will just watch over them and keep them. Let's remember that God will watch over Israel and the people that are there, the saints, the elect. Amen. Let's remember one another. Amen. That you'll put your trust and faith and hope and everything in Jesus Christ. Do that, everything else will take care of itself. It's true. Just have to believe the songs you sing. Amen. So, let's all stand together. Let's just join our voices together. Amen. Dear Lord Jesus, we're grateful for your love and mercy. We just pray by your spirit that you just speak Lord to each and every one of us. Pray Lord that you just touch Lord Jesus recovering from this C-section. Heavenly Father, I pray the bleeding Lord and you protect her protect that you just bless the doctor. I pray you'll touch his mouth that you just continue to bless him. May you watch Brother Marty, Sister Genie, Lord, as they travel, Lord. May you just give them a safe trip, Lord. May you let them be. May you remember your children in Israel, Lord. Pray you'll just keep them safe, Father. You'll just bless your believers, Lord, around the world, Father. Heavenly Father, we pray you just bless the missionaries. Lord, may you touch your body. May you bless John tonight. I pray you just come and speak to our hearts. May you help us Lord to just walk. We love you. Thank you, Father Jesus Christ. May be seated. Amen. So we have uh brother Jabz Kameda from Nigeria. He's coming this Sunday. So that'll be a real blessing. Amen. And uh sister Anne has a special for us tonight. So we ask her to come. Amen. [Music] Are you tired of chasing pretty rainbows? Are you tired of spinning round and round? Wrap up all your shattered dreams of your life at the feet of Jesus. Lay them down. Give them all. Give them all. Give them all to Jesus. Shattered dreams, wounded hearts, broken toys. Give them all. Give them all. Give them all to Jesus. And he will turn your sorrow into joy. He never said you'd only see sunshine. And he never said there'd be no rain. He only promised a heart full of singing. about the very things that once caused pain. So give them all, give them all, give them all to Jesus. Shattered dreams, wounded hearts, and broken toys. Give them all. Give them all. Give them all to Jesus. And he will turn your sorrow into joy. Give them all. Give them all. Give them all to Jesus. Shattered dreams, wounded hearts, and broken toys. Give them all. Give them all. Give them all to Jesus. He will turn your sorrow into joy. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Blessed assurance. Amen. Blessed assurance Jesus is mine. Oh, what a foraste of glory divine. Heir of salvation, purchase of God, born of his spirit, washed in his blood. This is my story. Glory. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. Perfect submission, perfect delight. Visions of rapure now burst on my sight. Angels descending ring from above. Echoes of mercy, whispers of love. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. Perfect submission. All is at rest. I'm in my savior. Am happy and blessed. Watching and waiting, looking above, filled with his goodness, lost in his love. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my Savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my Savior all the day long. Oh, this is my story. This is my song. Praising my Savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my Savior all the day long. Amen. Amen. Let's all stand together. Amen. Just bow our heads for the offering. Dear Lord Jesus, we're grateful, Lord, that you have given us a part, heavenly father, that we can do in your kingdom. Lord, you've given so much to us, Father, and you ask so little in return. And we just pray that you'll bless, Lord, the hands that have given, Lord. Lord, encourage those that don't feel they have enough, Lord, that they can give. May you increase their faith and may you multiply it. May you multiply it to meet the needs, Father, and the missionaries, the building expenses, Lord Jesus, the preachers. Lord, I pray that you'll just move by your spirit, Father, that you'll just keep your word, Lord, because we know it will not fall to the ground. I just pray you'll just move by your spirit tonight. In Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. You may be seated. Just a closer walk. We could use that, right? I am weak, but thou art strong. Jesus, keep me from all wrong. I'll be satisfied as long as I walk. Let me walk close to thee. [Applause] Just a closer walk with thee. Granted, Jesus is my plea. Daily walking close to thee. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. through this world of toil and snares. If I falter, Lord, who cares? Who with me my burden share? [Applause] None but thee, dear Lord. None but thee. Just a closer walk with thee. Granted, Jesus is my plea. Daily walking close to thee. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. When my feeble life is over, time for me will be no more. Guide me gently, safely. Oh, to thy kingom shore, to thy shore. [Music] Just a closer walk with thee. Granted, Jesus is my plea. Daily walking close to thee. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. Amen. Amen. What a friend. Amen. What a friend I have in Jesus. Amen. What a friend we have in Jesus. All our sins and griefs to bear. What a privilege to carry. Everything to God in prayer. [Applause] Oh, what peace we often forfeit. Oh, what needless pain we bear. All because we do not care [Music] to God in prayer. Have we trials and temptations? Is there trouble anywhere? We should never be discouraged. Take it to the Lord in prayer. Can we find a friend so faithful? Oh, with all our sorrow share. Jesus knows our every weakness. Take it to the Lord in prayer. Are we weak and heavy laden? Come down, load of care. Preious Savior, still our reuge. Take it to the Lord in prayer. Do thy friends despise, forsake thee? Take it to the Lord in prayer. In his arms he'll take and shield thee. Thou will find us all there. What a friend we have in Jesus. All our sins and griefs to bear. Let's all stand. What a privilege to carry [Music] everything to God in prayer. Oh, what peace we often forfeitare. [Applause] Oh, what needless pain we bear. Oh, because we do not carry everything to God in prayer. Amen. Praise the Lord. We have an outlet. If we take it to the Lord in prayer, we can leave it there. Amen. We carry it. Then we got a weight that we aren't supposed to be carrying. And I'm thankful that we have an outlet to cast our cares upon the Lord. He cares for us. Amen. How many is happy today to be a Christian? Amen. He's happy that they're saved. It's something that we owe God praise each and every day for. Amen. Well, God bless you. It's good to see everyone in the house of the Lord today. And if you'd like to turn in our scriptures for opening scripture, it's going to be in second Timothy chapter 1. And we're going to actually be reading two verses there. I think I told them we're going to just be reading verse seven, but I just felt at at the end that we're going to read verse eight along with it. So let's let's just approach the Lord in prayer before we read uh tonight. Dear heavenly father, we thank you for salvation today. We thank you for the keeping power of the Holy Spirit. We thank you for helping us through every test and every trial. We thank you that you are almighty God and that you've not only made yourself known to us, but you've made a way for us to come and have a relationship with you. We could receive the benefits that there is in knowing you and being connected to you. We thank you for the mercies that have reroll our life. For the grace, for the love, for the joy, the peace. God, where would we be without you? we would be lost. We sung that song, without him, I could do nothing. Lord, you've made a way for us to benefit because of your love to us today. Lord, we ask if there is anything that would be in any kind of grievance to you, we just ask that you would please forgive us of it today, that you'd be merciful, and that you'd cover us with the blood that washes us and makes us white as snow. We pray Lord today from a sincere heart of the pastor, pastor of the flack here that you would encourage your people today. May the word that comes forth today be a help, be a strength, be an encouragement, and also Lord, may it be a light and a direction. May it accomplish the very purpose and which Lord you have it for us today. We commit the service in your hands. We commit your your sheep into your hands and we give you praise and honor for building us up in the most holy faith. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Second Timothy chapter 1 starting with verse number seven. For God have hath not given us the spirit of fear but of power and of love and of a sound mind. And then Paul went on to continue saying here, "Be thou, be not uh thou therefore ashamed of the testimony of the Lord, nor of me his prisoner, but be thou a partaker of the afflictions of the gospel according to the power of God." And God bless you. May be seated. So we see here that Timothy was really struggling with fear. How many struggled with fear before? Fear is a real thing. Fear is a real thing. And uh Timoth Paul's trying to tell Timothy that that spirit doesn't come from God. Amen. It just point blank does not come from God. Not sometimes, but never comes from God. It always comes from the devil. So a spirit of fear, if we can recognize it, we should deal with it at its foundation, at its initial knocking at the door because if you let the spirit of fear in, then it can uh it can begin to work in your mind and and and then it can actually affect your body. I mean, the spirit of fear can le literally cause stress. It can cause ulcers. It can cause cancer. Um and so fear is a real thing. and it can do a lot of damage to the human body. And uh Paul's telling Timothy that that doesn't come from God. But what comes from God is the spirit of power and of love and of a sound mind. Amen. And with the spirit of almighty God, you can now be a partaker of the afflictions that come with serving God. Because many of their afflictions of the righteous, but the Lord deliverth out of them all. So, we want to talk about two spirits today. Um, and we want to dive into the spirit of a sound mind, but I don't know how much we're going to get of it. But there are two spirits, God, and the devil. There's angels and there's demons. There's good, there's evil, there's love, there's fear, there's power, there's manipulation, there's a sound mind, and there's a unsound mind and unstable, a double-minded, uh, mentally impaired and insane. Brother Brandham said in the last days, the world would go insane. So, we see just a normal living in this world is called unsane. Insane. Brandon talked about the different it talked about the devil in the in the series there demonology. He said there's all different kinds of of spirits, evil spirits. They come in different shapes, different animals. Some look like bats and turtles, spiders, wolves. And uh brother Brandon said when they would get cast out of the people, he would see them. And uh and they would go and they would look to to for another home when they got cast out. They would be looking for another dwelling place because they need, you know, the brother says the devil can't do one thing to you unless he's got someone to work through. Right? So in other words, he can talk to your mind all day long. And if you don't say really, he can't do a thing to you. And the key is is is recognize the enemy. Brother Brandon said that demons are not just thoughts. They are literal beings. But how they enter in is through a thought. Now there's obsession and there's uh uh uh possession. And if I could say it like this, the devil gives you a thought and if you accept that thought, he's allowed to come in. It's true. The devil can never come into you unless you invite him in. And so let's just say um I'm I'm I'm I'm jealous of James because James has the kind of sneakers I want. And uh the devil tells me that that's not fair. I should be able to have sneakers like him. And every time I see him in those sneakers, I get jealous. I get this spirit of that's not fair. I I should be able to have them. And when I when I yield to that spirit of jealousy, then now the spirit of jealousy can come in. Are you you understand what I'm saying? It starts with the thought. The thought can't do anything until you start entertaining the thought. And you're saying, "Yeah, I want that." Instead of saying, "No, I resist that." And that's how all demons can come inside and and and and mess up our lives is through thoughts. So there's two distinct spirits here and they are 180 degrees from one another. They are complete opposites. One produces love, joy, peace, and mercy. The other produces hatred, strife, envy, wrath, and confusion. Yet the evil spirit has the capability of being just like a good spirit. Jesus said, Matthew 24, "For there shall rise false Christ, false prophets, and shall show great signs and wonders in so much if it were possible, they should deceive the very elect." So I want us to think about this. We've got two spirits and one of them has the capability of acting like the other. Though the spirits are completely opposite, one has the ability to act like the other. And I say the word act. God does not have the ability to act evil. I want to make that real clear. God, the Holy Ghost does not have the ability to act evil. First John 15 says, "This then is the message we have heard of him and declare unto you that God is light and in him is no darkness at all." Amen. Making it real clear that God cannot act like darkness. Amen. The Holy Spirit can't do that. All right. James 1:17. God is the father of lights with whom is no variableness neither shadow of turning. Amen. We talked about this a variable switch in the back. You God does not have a variableness. He is the father of lights. He's no chance of turning. You can always depend on God. What he's done in the past, he'll do it again. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Brother says, "If you do the same thing somebody else did, God is required to give the same result as he did the other person." John 8:12 says, "Then spake Jesus again unto them, saying, I am the light of the world, and he that followeth me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life." Well, we see the nature of God here. the very the very mind of God says he is the light of the world and if you're going to follow him, you are go you're not going to walk in darkness because the Holy Spirit is going to lead and guide you constantly into all truth. The nature of God is that wherever you're at, okay, more light, more truth, and then what you get there, he's got more for you. In our men's meeting, we talked about uh uh a s the the the uh heating up of silver and getting all the impurities out and um all the different impurities that are in silver that are in gold, they melt at different temperatures, right? And at the lower temperature, some melt quicker and you're able to get them out of there, off the top and out of there. So it's like there are certain things in our life that God deals with first. It doesn't take much of a trial to deal with them and then as you start as you you continue being heated up to your trials, more impurities come up and before you know it, you're becoming more like Jesus all the time. So God, he is light and everything that he's be is going to be doing in our life is going to be bringing us more into walking in the light. God is never like, "Okay, you're saved. That's all that matters to me." He is interested in us walking close to him. Amen. So we're just defining right there that God does not have the capability of acting evil. God does not have the ability to act evil, but the devil has the ability to act good. 2 Corinthians 11:13. 2 Corinthians 11:13. For such are false apostles, deceitful workers, transforming themselves into the apostles of Christ, and they're not just acting like it. And no marvel for Satan himself is transformed into an angel of light. Therefore, it is no great thing if his ministers also be transformed as ministers of righteousness, whose end shall be according to their works. So you see that the devil has the ability to fake it. Amen. But God does not have the ability to fake it, act evil. He just doesn't. Genesis chapter 2:9. And out of the ground made the Lord God to grow every tree that is pleasant to sight and good for food, the tree of life also in the midst of the garden, and the tree of knowledge of good and evil. will see that tree that we're talking about, it has the knowledge of good but chooses to do the evil. And and as long as people feel they know the the the truth, they have the knowledge of truth, they feel safe even if they don't do it. And it's dangerous. The tree of good and evil has the knowledge of both. But God is only good all the time. Right? The tree of life is only good all the time. But the other tree has the capability of being like this one day, being like this the next day. Act like this here, act like this there. That's right. I've often described the tree of knowledge of good and evil as someone who has the knowledge of good like Lucifer did, but simply chooses not to do it. So that's where we're going to be judged, right? We're going to be judged for whom little is given, little is required. But if you've been given all the truth in this age, I think the judgment's going to be much harder. Right? Didn't it say it been better if you've not known the way of the Lord than to have known the way of the Lord and and and turn it down? Ezekiel 28:15 says, "Thou was perfect in all thy ways from the day that thou was created till iniquity was found in thee. I made you perfect. You were as perfect as perfect could be. From the day I created you, you were perfect. And you remained perfect until you decided not to do what you know you should be doing. Amen. It's that simple. It's why it's important to do the things that you've been taught by the Holy Ghost. Amen. By God. But when you read the Bible in prayer and God speaking to your heart, you need to be serious about that. Because I'm going to tell you what, if you're serious about obeying the word of God, you're further ahead than the devil was. Because the devil decided not to be serious with God's word. Oh, I'm going to make my throne. I'm not I don't need to follow God. I don't need to go to church. I don't need I just I I'm going to be my own God. He lost the fear of the Lord. He had it at one time. Brother Brandham said in the message the angel of the Lord in 51, this is in 51. He says, "Iniquity is something that you know that you ought to do and will not do it." In the message power of transformation, this is in, you know, basically almost 15 years later, brother says, "What is iniquity?" David said, "If I conceive iniquity in my heart, God will not hear me." Iniquity is something that you know that you ought to do and you won't do it. You know better but won't do it. It's iniquity. I like that brother Brandham didn't change his message. It's it's solid. You can depend on it. We can have confidence in it. Amen. For God has not given us the spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a sound mind. Two completely different spirits, night and day, good and evil. Yet evil has the capability of acting just like a good the good spirit would just like God would. And why I'm getting so much into this is because look, the devil comes to our head all the time. And he appears like this is the right thing to do. This is it. This is good. Amen. And we've got to recognize it because sometimes it comes in a form of manipulation. It comes in a in a form of fear. It it it and it it it we're being forced into something. And I'm going to tell you, these two spirits, yet they're completely different. They're so completely 100% 180 degrees different from one another. They have the one has the capability of looking so much like good that only the elect of God are going to know the difference. That's right. And only the elect of God are going to be filled with all of God. They've been chosen, elected, predestinated. I want you to think about this. The devil was able to deceive a third of heaven. a third of heaven who weren't born in sin and shapen in iniquity, who didn't come in the world speaking lies, who didn't have uh uh uh they didn't have anything negative to fight against. And the devil had the ability to do that. How much more to the human race can the devil do it? I believe we need to be keen. We need to be on our tolls. We need to be paying attention to the thoughts that come into our head because that's how the enemy is getting in. You've heard of brother Brandham talking about an evil spirit being a religious spirit. And it's one of the hardest spirits to deal with. Said in the message three witnesses, he says the antichrist is a religious spirit. in the Israel and the church first book the antichrist spirit is so close like the real thing till it'll deceive the very elect if possible in the message Queen of Sheba brother said Jesus said those Pharisees who were so religious they had to come through a certain lineage and a certain birth and be trained holy just honest and upright he said you are of your father the devil that's right and the devil is religious and can put on the very much po uh p po p po p po p po p po p po p po p po p po p po pious p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p i o u s pious and holiness actions. Notice that they have the ability to act a certain way, but they're really not that way. Amen. But God looks at the heart. Jesus said if your heart thinks one thing and your mouth speaks something speaks another, he said you're hypocrites. So we got to understand here that the devil is real and it's no longer just acting like we're Christians or just acting like we're right. We really have to have a life that shows where we're standing. The message demonology brother Brandon says but yet would deny the Holy Ghost would deny every operation of the power of God. They're unbelievers. No matter. They're very religious and the antichrist spirit is very religious spirit just to mark just as religious as can be. And yet it's the antichrist. Yes. Paul was telling Timothy uh in the same book a little bit further than chapter 1 and chapter 3:5 having a form of godliness but denying the power thereof from such turn away. So the people who act like they're they have a form of godliness, but they have no power to stay consistent and live the life, we're told by the word of God to turn away from that. Because if you entertain spirits long enough, they're going to affect you. You may not think, you may not think that uh it won't get on you and you'll be stronger, but I'm telling you, it will affect you and begin to compromise. Because a religious spirit doesn't have the goods. Amen. A religious spirit acts like it has the goods. It can put it on. It can it can act like it at times. Therefore, it's enough there to trick certain people, most people, but it can't trick the elect. It can't. So, the spirit of fear, the spirit of fear has a form of godliness. Let me just say this, but does not possess the power to live a godly life. The spirit of fear has a form of godliness. And these are the spirits that come to us. It's it it's okay if you do this, but you know, you don't have to be sold out to God. It's a denominational belief. Right now, evil is getting stronger. Uh we're we're told that hell, the lid is off hell. Hell is enlarged itself. Demons have been loosed out of the rivers. The the devil is seeking whom he may devour. simply by standing up against the devil. You know what's going to happen when you stand up against the devil? You are going to get persecuted. That's right. By just taking a stand against the devil, you're going to get in trouble. First or second Timothy 3 tells us this. Yay. All that live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution. Verse 13. Next verse. But evil men and seducers shall wax worse and worse, deceiving and being deceived. In other words, just as they're going to persecute you more. It's just going to get worse and worse. Evil is growing at rapid speeds. And if we don't grow in the love of God, it will overcome us. Here's the thing. You're not going to defeat the devil with his evil. and with with just trying to, you know, tell him how bad he is or the people that are doing it. You need the love of God to overcome that thing. Amen. No other way. No other way to overcome that. Romans 12:17, recompense to no man evil for evil. That's right. It is, you know, vengeance belongs to God. not us. Provide things honestly in the sight of all men. If it be possible, as much as that lies within you, live peaceibly with all men. Now, this scripture here is telling me that if I have enough of God inside of me, I can live peaceably with all men. Amen. And that if I don't got much of God in me, then I can't live peaceably with all men. Amen. And that's why it says as much as that lies in you, get more of it in you. It's it's I'll say like God did not birth us with the Holy Ghost. We were born with an evil spirit. If we want God's spirit, we have to hunger. We have to thirst. We have to call. We have to seek. We have to say, we have to die out to oursel. And we have to show God how bad we want him. that through that free moral agency and then he comes into us. Verse 19, dearly beloved, avenge not yourselves. Avenge not yourself. Don't stand there and try to avenge yourselves, but rather give place unto wrath. For it is written, vengeance is mine. I will pray, sayeth the Lord. Therefore, if thine enemy hung hunger, just feed him. Amen. If he's thirsty, give him drink. For in doing so, thou shalt heap coals of fire on his head. Why? Because you're being good not only to your buddies, but to those who are persecuting you. Okay. Did I say something that you didn't catch on that one? I expect an amen out of that one. That's what we got to get to. We got to get to the place we can love the unlovable. Have to. We have to get there. Only perfect love enters the other side. I love this verse. Be not overcome of evil, but overcome evil with good. So, we've got this spirit that's strong, and it's it it's it's it's getting more and more clever, more and more deceitful, more and more ways to to to to get at us. And we we cannot be overcome that spirit as this evil is getting worse and worse and waxing stronger and stronger in this age. We literally have to overcome that with good. The only thing good I know is God. It's the only thing I know is good. It's God. And God is love. We must overcome evil with good. Not our knowledge of how wrong somebody else is. Amen. Not that by proving we're right. Proving they're wrong by debating or arguing with a demon spirit. We overcome demons with good. Only good. The name of Jesus is good. Amen. The blood of Calvary is good. Amen. We can testify greater is he that's in me than he that's in the in the world. Or or he that's he he that hates me. He that's against me. Greater is the love of God in me than the hatred that's against me. Yes. Yes. I feel like preaching now. I believe in this. See, see, we we need to take the word of God and apply it to our lives. We can't say, "Well, I believe in this, but I can't live it." You can't do that. Amen. We love not our lives to death, but we love our enemies. Think about that. We love not our lives to death. That's what the scripture says. But we love our enemies. We bless them that curse us. We do good to them that hate us at times. We pray for them to spitefully use us and persecute us. We learn to let our our our son shine not just on the good, but on the evil. Right? And we let the blessings of our our rain, the rain that comes, we want God to we want God to to bless them. It's not just our friends. You know, I think about this every day. Brother Bill Sanchez, I've said this before. Text in the morning says, "God bless you. Have a good day." You know, we're friends, but you know, those blessings belong. They from from God, they they got to they got to be for everybody. Amen. Yes. God is calling us to overcome evil with good. Not I'll be your friend as long as you don't betray me. Anybody can do that. I got remember that. You look here's the thing. I remember I can't help. I remember bad things that are done to me. And I'm not going to stick my neck out there and let him do it 15 times, but I'm not gonna wish anything ill against them. So the thing is, I'm still going to treat them as if they never did me harm. I mean, somehow we've got to display the spirit of almighty God in our lives. Turn with me if you would to First John chapter 4:1 16. 1 John 4:16. Are you getting something out of this? Amen. The Bible said that God is love and he that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God and God him. That's a good place to be right there. Dwelling in God. Herein is our love made perfect. So our love that we have can be at a place where it's not perfect yet. We still got the love of God, but it's not perfect yet. But herein is our love made perfect that we may have boldness. Look at this. All the way in the day of judgment. Because as he is, so are we in this world. You ever watch movies? And in the movies, uh, you know, there's two people and they're fighting. They're getting ready to die and the one says to the other, "I'll see you in hell." And he's going to kill him. And I'm not worried about it. You know, they're acting like they're not scared. Whistling in the graveyard. But any if you don't have a sound mind, you're not scared of you're not, you know, they walk around with no fear. The hat's, you know, behind. But with a sound mind, you can have no fear if you're filled with the love of God. That's scripture. In fact, it's so strong that you can have boldness in the day of judgment. Because as he is, so are we living the same life in this world. That's right. Because as God is, because God is love. We just read that. He's light. There's no darkness in him. He loves everybody. Because as he is, so are we in what? This world. Not the world to come. Our goal ought to be to come like Jesus. Amen. you know, not waiting, not you know, sitting to the church doesn't make you like Jesus. Listening to tapes don't make you like reading the Bible, even praying. If you don't get serious, say, "God, I want to be like you. I want to die out. I want to love like you love." It's the only way we're going to get there because he's not going to just gift it to if our heart really isn't in him. Verse 18, there is no fear in love. Absolutely no fear in love. If you're dealing with fear, I I would say you could try something like this. Say 20 times, Jesus, I love you with all my heart. I would find you would get more of a victory than trying to battle that spirit that's coming against you. You know how it is when you say, "I love you enough." You begin to feel it and then all of a sudden you like the the faith muscles grow and and and you're not willing to be so tempted uh to become the spirit of fear. There's no fear in love, but perfect love, what does it do? that cast out fear. Just cast it out because fear have torment. He that fearth is not made perfect in love. And we love him because he first loved us. We're able we are able to abide in his love now because his love has come inside of us. We're able to love back because God has shed his love in our heart by the Holy Ghost. We have it now and now we can give it out. And you need that love when the spirit of fear comes to you. Amen. God has not given us the spirit of fear, but power, love, and of sound mind. And perfect love will cast it out. In other words, you have nothing to fear about. You know, I don't mean it wrong, but when you know where you're standing with God, the devil can act any old way wants you around you and it don't move you, right? So, it just is what it is. You're not scared. You're not afraid. Amen. Because you know God is there. Amen. You don't go and you live your life for God and then be afraid of the devil. I'm sorry. You don't give your life to God and then peace you're come by the devil. You you every day you have a you you take a stand. I'm going to live for you, Jesus. Amen. I I'm going to serve you today. I'm going to give my very best to you. You prove to God you love him. You keep his commandments and you you walk in the light as he shows you. Now, if a man say, "I love God." Verse 20. And he actually hates somebody, another person, he is a liar. For he that loveth not his brother whom he has seen, how can he love God who has not seen? And this is the commandment that we have from God, that he who loveth God loveth his brother also. Amen. I think that's a good commandment, don't you? Amen. The love of God is so powerful that it left the comfort and the splendor of glory. For God so loved the world that he came down on the cross, he died. That was how strong the love of God is. It actually died itself for us to redeem us. Amen. Now, if that same love is inside of us, there is nothing to fear. Amen. It'll overcome everything that comes before you because who can stand against God? That's why there's nothing to fear. If we're if we're without the Holy Ghost, we we should be shivering. But if we got him on the inside, there's nothing to worry about. Amen. The love of God penetrated the the borders of hell. And Jesus took the the keys of hell and death. That's what the love of God will do. It will overcome evil with good. Right? And the love of God in us will overcome evil with good. We have nothing to fear. Amen. There's no fear in the love of God. Though he slay me, yet will I trust him. Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil. Perfect love casteth out all fear. David did not fear Goliath. Daniel did not fear the lion's den. The three Hebrew children did not fear the fiery furnace. And perfect love or perfect trust in God will cast out fear that's in our life. We need to be honest with ourselves and deal with it. What good would this sermon do? What good would this knowledge do if we don't apply it to our lives? Amen. Well, brother John, I'm not really going through anything right now. I don't think I need this right now. Well, I'm telling you, take it in and can it because you're going to need it. Amen. We're going to need it down the road. Amen. That we may have boldness in the day of judgment because as he is, we decided to live that same life in this world. We that overcome are actually going to be sitting with Jesus on the throne. That's where we can have boldness on on the on on the day of judgment because we're no longer being judged. We've already were judged. We judged ourselves and now we're sitting with Jesus with boldness, judging the angels. The Bible says Psalms 27 verse1. Just some encouraging scriptures here. The Lord is my light and my salvation. Whom shall I fear? Amen. The Lord is my He is the strength of my life. Think about sometimes you feel weak. Sometimes you feel strong. David is saying the Lord is the strength of my life. Of whom shall I be afraid? When the wicked, even my enemies and my foes came upon me to eat my flesh. They stumbled and fell. Though a hoe should encamp against me, my heart is strong. It shall not fear. Though war shall rise up against me, in this will I be confident. Verse five, for in the time of trouble he shall hide me. In his pavilion, in the secret of his tabernacle shall he hide me. He shall set me upon a rock. That's the God we serve. Perfect love. We can't make it without it. Amen. There is so much power in the love of God that fear cannot even penetrate its borders. Want to take a look at the borders? The borders of God's love. Ephesians chapter 3:14. Ephesians 3:14. For this cause I bow my knees unto the father of the Lord Jesus of our Lord Jesus Christ of whom the whole family in heaven is and earth is named. And I want you, this is a particular family. When you think of the uh co uh Collinsworth family or you think of uh the Lefontaine family, there are certain families that you think of and they have uh they're known for something, right? Their singing, their their abilities or maybe like hockey players, some the dad and the son and the grandson, they all played hockey. They're like a a hockey family. Are you with me? There's something special about the family of God. They're known for something. Anybody know what that is? That's right. By this shall all men know you're my disciples. Amen. They're known. The family of God is known for their love. That their knowledge, their their abilities, their their gifts, they're known for their love. Amen. Amen. No wonder Jesus told us to love one another as I have loved you. Verse 16, that he would grant unto you according to the riches of his glory to be strengthened with might by his by his spirit in the inner man. So here it is the spirit now of God coming inside of us and being strengthened that Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith that being rooted and grounded in love may be able to comprehend with all the saints what is the breadth, the length, the depth, the height. It kind of sounds like a boundary to me. and to know the love of Christ which passes knowledge understanding that ye might be filled with all the fullness of God. Yeah. You want to be filled with the fullness of God. Get the love of God in your heart. Forget about getting puffed up and learning all about this and all. You can learn. You can. The devil knows more than all of us put together. But he don't have the love of God. You don't have it. And when you have the fullness of God, you have the love of God. When brother Brandon went beyond the curtain of time, he described that place as as perfect love that that there he said it a number of places. There literally is no words in the vocabulary in the dictionary in any language on earth to describe how perfect that love was. And he said, "Whatever you do, lay everything aside. Get after it. Go after it." Amen. And you know, we we put so much little emphasis on that. Like, I really don't need that, but I need all these other things. No, we don't need anything but the love of God. Amen. When you have that, God just seems to supply all your needs. Amen. Put God first. Fall in love with him. Grow in the love of God. testify how much you love him and how much he loves you and and that's growing and let the love of God be manifested in your life. Yes. Amen. I say amen to that. I'm not an amener to my own word, but it's a truth where you need to do it. Verse 20. Now unto him that is able to do exceedingly above all that we might all that we ask or think according to the power that workketh what? In us. In other words, we want God to do things for us, but if we don't get the love of God in us, don't expect it. Amen. How many know the boundaries of the love of God? How many knows the boundaries of the love of God? You're going to get in trouble on this one. Don't put your hand up. It's a good question. What are the boundaries of God's love? 1 Corinthians 13:7. I'm going to, this is what came to me when I thought about these boundaries today. 1 Corinthians 13:7, the love of God beareth all things, believeth all things, hopeeth all things, endureth all things. Charity never faileth. You talk about a God that can go down to the deepest hell. Pull somebody up. God is capable of doing the what would seem the impossible. Now the thing is it will not do. Just so you understand the love of God. The love of God right here. This is the picture when Jesus is looking at the rich young ruler. Now, the love of God did not make the rich young ruler humble himself and put God first, but he did supply the answer to eternal life. Take what you got, sell it, distribute it to the poor. Not sell it, give it to the poor, and come follow me. I there'll be treasures in heaven. He gave the choice to understand the love of God. It it endures and believes but it doesn't cross free more agency. And we need to understand that we don't close the door on anybody. But we simply understand that not everybody's going to walk through the door. choice people have to make. God knows what he's doing. Though none go with me, still I'll follow. What I want all of us to be able to do today, I want us to all to be o to overcome fear because in that that thought of fear opens the door for anything negative to happen. And that's that spirit God does not want us to have. It doesn't come from God. And it comes from the devil. The devil never comes. Sister Linda, uh, Brother Ben, Sister Lynn never comes to us, Brother Jonathan, and say, "Would you would you like to fear this situation?" No, he comes and he goes, "Boo. This situation exists." He doesn't give you a choice on the matter. So that's why we need to be sober. We need to be vigilant. We need to understand the devil is seeking whom he may devour. And we need to be quick to resist him, steadfast in the faith. Amen. I love God. I'm standing with him. God has not given me the spirit of fear. I don't have to accept your boo. God, greater is he that's in me. I love God. So as so are we in this life like God. Amen. Nothing to fear. Nothing to fear. Amen. two spirits, good and evil, love versus fear, power versus man uh manipulation, a sound mind versus Lord, help me to get to this as quick as possible. I notice the time is running out. A sound mind versus an unsound mind, unstable, double-minded, mentally impaired, or insane. Love has the power to overcome fear. Love has power to overcome manipulation. Amen. The opposite of a sound mind is an unsound mind. An unound mind is a dangerous mindfield. I remember when my dad I I just heard stories. I seen a little bit of this. God, I don't mean to say anything negative here, but he he was a drinker and my dad could drink and and get drunk and act like anybody else that's drunk. But when he drank vodka, for whatever the reason, he turned into another maniac. And he would always go back to a time that him and his dad got beat up at a bar and their head was against a tire and they were beating him with a tire iron. I'm talking many years later when he would get drunk on that, you'd hear that same story. So I'm going to tell you, an unound mind is a dangerous mindfield. You don't know what to expect. Right? It can tear things up fast. Amen. There's no foundation with an unsound mind. Anything goes. In fact, James 1:8 says, "A double-minded man is unstable in all his ways." There's no foundation. Can't count on them. Amen. Did you know it takes an unstable mind to manipulate others? Amen. You cannot manipulate somebody with a sound mind. You can't do it. It takes an unsound mind to actually manipulate somebody. Unstleness, unsoundness will take you places you wish you had never gone. That's why we need to gain control of our mind. The love of God has power to overcome unstleness, unsoundness, double-mindedness, confusion. And the spirit of an unsound mind is not of God. It's not of God. God has given us the spirit of a sound mind, not unsound. Amen. So, we have to control our thoughts. And if we're willing to watch our thoughts, we can control them. But if we're not willing to say, "What is that? Where does that line up with the word?" Then those thoughts will control us, and it'll take us places we don't want to go. First John 4:1 says, "Beloved, believe not every spirit, but try the spirit to see whether it is of God or not." Amen. The spirit of a sound mind. Philippians 2:1. We need to hurry cuz time is real fast and we still got halfway to go. Whoa. What did you say, brother John? No way. Philippians 2:1. If there be therefore any consolation, how many wants the spirit of a sound mind? We can find it here in these scriptures right here. If there be therefore any comfort, any consolation in Christ, any comfort of love, if any fellowship of the spirit, if any bows and mercies, fulfill ye my joy, that you be look like minded. Here's the mind of Christ. This is a sound mind right here. Having the same love, being of one accord and of one mind. Now, here's the thing. You may be in a business or in a home or in a in a group of people and none of them are green with you, but you can be in so much one accord with the Holy Ghost, with the love of God that you and him are a majority. Amen. You know, sometimes we don't we can't convince everybody. We can't convince the person that we're talking to. That's understandable. You don't have to. But what you do need to do is that your spirit and your mind needs to be in one accord with God. And it needs to be of the same love. The same the same love and the same mind. Not it it's okay if I don't have the mind of Christ right now. I'm upset or if it's okay if if I don't have the love of God right now. I'm still trying to work out this situation. friend, if you're ever going to work out a situation, you've got to start on the right foundation. We need to have the the mind of Christ. We need to we need to have his love, his mind, so we know what to do in the situation. You know, as soon as you start taking things into your own hands, trouble, we do things God's way, it's going to turn out really good. It's going to turn out the best. So let nothing that we do be done through strife, vain glory, but in loneliness of our minds. This is the mind of Christ, the loneliness, the humbleness. You know, we don't we don't threaten. We don't forebear threatening. We just in loneliness of mind. Let each of us esteem the other person better than ourselves. Can you say that? Can you say amen to the word? Amen. Look not every man on his own things, but take a minute and care about others. Right? Let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus. Thank God that he looked down upon us. Amen. Who being in the form of God, thought robbery to be equal with God, but made himself of no repetition, took upon him the form of a servant, and was made in the likeness of a man. That's that is very humble. I wonder if we were all God if we would do that. I wonder if we would do that. God did that. And being found in the fashion as a man, he humbled himself and became obedient to death, even the death of the cross. The mind of Christ is sound. It's consistent. It's faithful. It's sure. It's steadfast. It's unmovable. It's always abounding in the work of the Lord. Amen. But the mind of the devil is unsound, unstable, unfaithful, unsure, not dependable, unpredictable. It's off the word. And God has not given us that spirit. And it doesn't matter if we can sometimes act like the word. We've got to act like the word only all the time. Right? Otherwise, it's just the enemy. All right. Ephesians 4:17. Hope you don't mind me hur hurrying. Ephesians 4:17. This I say therefore and testify in the Lord that ye henceforth Oh, let me just say this. How many has ever been How many has ever been drunk before? Okay. Okay. So, you think I'm going to hold this against you? Huh? Get those hands. How many's ever been done drugs before? Okay. How many's been on medication? How many's been on you had surgery and had to get anesthetic and they tell you you're not allowed to drive. You make sure somebody else drives. You're not allowed to use operate machinery because you become impaired in your mind and you can't make the right decision. And I am telling you, when you don't have a sound mind, you're not going to make the right decisions. I don't care how smart you think you are. It takes a sound mind. See, an unsound mind says, "I'm not going to bow down. I'm not going to do what you I don't need you." That's what an unsound mind says. Now, a sound mind says, "I will turn away the wrath with a soft answer. I will humble myself. I will esteem the other better than myself. I will I will take the fall for this situation. I will be the bigger person. You know, brother says, "It takes a bigger person to get underneath a lower person." Right? Amen. That's a sound mind. God had a sound mind. He humbled himself and became obedient. We think we're smarter than God and we know what's right and what's wrong. We want to tell everybody when they're wrong. That is not a sound mind. A sound mind is living the life. It is it's it's it's learning to live for others even when they're wrong. Even when they're wrong. Live for others. Look not every man on his own things, but the things of others. Let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus. All right. Amen. So don't let your mind become impaired like drugs and alcohol and medications do. Get a sound mind to where you're clear thinking. You know the devil's coming at you through maybe a person through the way they're acting. What you do is you do not allow an unsoundness that you want to recompense evil for evil and and and you know start saying the same thing to them that they're saying to you. Don't even start defending yourself. But literally a sound mind overcome evil with good. Praise God. Ephesians 4:7. This I say therefore and testify in the Lord that ye henceforth walk not as other Gentiles walk in the vanity of their mind. Yes. So we're different, right? We're chosen people. We're not like the rest of the church world. Having the understanding dark and being alienated from the life of God, right? They can, in other words, they can act like it, but they don't have the life of God. being alienated from the life of God, just a form of godliness through the ignorance that is in them because of the blindness of their heart. Who being past feeling, they don't have feeling anymore, but have given themselves over to lascivveness to work all uncleanness with greediness, selfishness, but you church have not so learned Christ? No. If so be that you have heard of him, you have been taught by him as the truth is in Jesus, and that you put off concerning the formal conversation of the old man which is corrupt according to the deceitful lust, and be renewed what? In the spirit of your mind. Be renewed. Let's make a decision. I'm not going to fight no more. Okay, I want to hear an amen. I guess I'm going to tell you what to do here. Say amen to this. We're not going to fight anymore. We're we're going to be renewed in the spirit of we're going to take the mind of Christ and we're going to apply this in our homes and apply it in our life. Apply it in our businesses. And that you put on the new man which after God is created in righteousness and true holiness. Wherefore putting away lying, speaking evil every man truth with his neighbor. For we are members one of another. Be ye angry and sin not. Let the son, let not the son go down upon your wrath, neither give place to the devil. Let him that stole steal no more, but rather let him labor working with his hands the thing which is good that he may have to give to him that needeth. Let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth, but that which is good to the use of the edifying, that it may minister grace unto the hearers. And grieve not God. Grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby you're sealed unto the day of redemption. Amen. Let all bitterness and wrath and anger and clamor and evil speaking, let it be put from you with all malice, and be kind one to another, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, even as God for Christ's sake have forgiven you. Think on these things. Think on these things. Train yourself to think on the right things in your mind. Amen. Because if you if you think on the right things long enough, we are promised that God would keep us in perfect peace whose mind is stayed on the Lord. You're overcome evil with good. Let's stand together as I want to just quote you this one quote I found. I've read it before. Watch your thoughts. They become your words. Watch your words. They become your actions. Amen. Watch your actions. They become your habits. Watch your habits. They become your character. And watch your character. It becomes your destiny. That's right. God has gifted us the gift of a sound mind. And it comes from the Holy Ghost. The more of the Holy Ghost we receive, the more of a sound mind we have. And I'll I'll say it like this. Okay. So the Bible says God has not given us the spirit of fear but power, love and of a sound mind. Okay, that is something that we develop into. Every day we practice resisting fear, not listening to it, not succumbing to it. And every day we practice loving one another. We we practice having a sound mind. We we practice power, inner power, not using our our our our flesh against somebody, but inside bringing oursel under subjection and allowing God to work through us. So, it's a character. It's a we develop it through our trials and our tests. And we take advantage of the opportunity that we have every single day to build the gift that God has given us. As we let God have his way inside of our lives, we become more and more like him. Amen. That's saying, "Jesus, I'm depending on you, [Music] Jesus. I'm depending on you. Jesus, I'm depending on you. Jesus, I'm depending on you. Depending on you to see me through, Jesus, I'm depending on you, Jesus. I'm depending on you, Jesus. I'm depending on you, depending on you to see me through. Jesus, I'm depending on you, Jesus. I'm depending on you, Jesus. I'm depending on you. depending on you to see me through. One more time. Jesus, I'm depending on you. Jesus, I'm depending on you. Jesus, I'm depending on you. Depending on you. See me through. Amen. We can do all things through Christ. You strengthen thus. Amen. Amen. By his word, I'll prevail. By his word, by his word, we just heard it tonight. I'll prevail. [Music] By his word, I'll never fail. By his word, I'll overcome. By his word I'll prevail. I'll overcome by his love. I prevail. By his love I'll never fail. By his love I'll overcome. By his love I'll prevail. I'll overcome. By his grace. Thank God for his grace. I'll prevail. By his grace, I'll never fail. [Music] By his grace, I'll overcome. By his grace, I'll prevail. Now overcome by his strength how prevail. Thank God for his strength today. By his strength I'll never fail. By his strength, I'll overcome. By his strength, I'll prevail. I'll overcome. By his faith, he's given us faith. Let's believe it. Oh, I'll prevail. By his faith I'll never fail. By his faith I'll overcome. By his faith I'll prevail. now overcome. Amen. Let's just look to the Lord in a word of prayer. Our heavenly father, we come to you thanking you that you've you've given us your word today. Lord, it has uh exposed the enemy who often tries to attack us with fear. But Lord, you have given us your word today. And your word has given us faith. For you, your word declares that faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word of God. And by faith in your word, we will overcome. Lord, we will we will be there in that hour. We will be like you in this life just as you are, Lord. We don't have to wait till we get to the other side to be like you, Lord. You're building character in every one of us. We thank you for the love that you've shed abroad in our hearts, Lord, by your spirit. We thank you that you've equipped us what we need to overcome our own flesh that gets in the way. We thank you that you've given us the the the spirit of love and and of power. And Lord, we're so grateful that you've given us a sound mind to work with that we can use our mind to overcome the devil. You've given us a sound mind to help other people. You've given us a sound mind to fix problems, Lord. You've given us a sound mind to work through things, Lord. And we want to take advantage of what you've given us, Lord, and not waste it. We've heard that saying in the past that a mind is a terrible thing to waste. But God, you've given us a sound mind. And Lord, we want to use it for your kingdom. We want to win souls. We want to we want to help people, Lord. We want to build character, Lord. And we want to we want to be united with the mind of Christ. God, bless each and every one of us here today with the spirit of a sound mind. Lord, let us leave here today with confidence that Lord, we're going to be more sound in our mind in the days to come. Bless us all, Lord. We're depending on you. We're depending on you, Lord Jesus. We love you and we thank you for all these things. Now we pray in Jesus Christ's precious name.
