################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-04 - 9.3.25 - Though The Oceans May Roar - Mark Cosby - Mark Cosby.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-04
Title:    9.3.25 - Though The Oceans May Roar - Mark Cosby
Speaker:  Mark Cosby
Church:   Send The Light Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 34m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QaG5RQepDYs
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] number our days that we may apply our hearts on to wisdom. Lord, teach us to number our days. Oh, teach us to number our days. Oh, teach us to number our days that we may apply our hearts on to wisdom. Lord, teach us to number our days. Hallelujah. I know some of you are young, but some of us are old. And the older you get, it's just a fact of life. The less days you get, so they're more valuable to you. Amen. But, uh, we just pray that as we all grow in Christ, we realize that we're in his hands. Amen. Let's just uh go with him in a word of prayer this this afternoon. Dear heavenly father, Lord, as we come before you tonight, Lord God, Lord, as the song said, help us to number our days, Lord, teach us, Lord God, that Lord, we're your children, Lord God. Lord, we need to obey you, Lord. We need to trust you, God, that you care for each and every one of us, Lord God. then you would have not. It's not your desire to see any of us go by the wayside, Lord God. You're a loving God, Lord. Lord, we just pray tonight, Lord, that you just have your way with each and every one of us, Lord, for your desires for us all to come up higher with you, Lord. We don't want to drag you down, Lord. We want to meet you in the air. So Lord God, we just pray tonight Lord God that you would just as we as our attitude Lord for thirsting and for knowledge of or you Lord for loving you Lord just a greater walk with you Lord we just pray that you just meet us there Lord Lord bless the service tonight Lord bless our brother Mark as he would bring the word tonight Lord and we just pray that we would just have be upon our hearts that we would receive from you tonight Lord through our Brother, teach us Lord. In Jesus name we pray all these things. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Hallelujah. Well, also welcome all those that are live streaming this afternoon. Amen. So many so many times I leave them out and I don't mean to do that. Amen. You're not here, but you're always present in our hearts. Amen. By loving kindness. Amen. Thy loving kindness is better than life. [Music] Thy loving kindness is better than life. My lips shall praise thee. Thus I will bless thee. I will lift up my hands on thy name. Thy loving kindness is better than life. Thy loving kindness is better than life. My lips shall praise thee. Thus I will bless thee. I will lift up my hands in thy name. Amen. I lift my hands, Lord, unto thy name. I lift my hands, Lord, unto thy name. My lips shall praise thee. Thus I will bless thee. I will lift up my hands in thy name. Thy loving kindness is better than life. Thy loving kindness is better than life. My lips shall praise thee. Thus I will bless thee. I will lift up my hands in thy name. Amen. H amen. We shall see the king. Amen. I'm glad there's a blessed time that's coming. Coming soon. It may be evening, morning, or at noon. The wedding of the bride united with the groom. We shall see the king when he come. Oh, we shall see the king. We shall see the king. We shall see the king when he come. He's coming in power. Will hail the blessed hour. We shall see the king when he comes. Are you ready? Should the savior call today? Would Jesus say well done or go away? My home is for the pure. The vow can never say we shall see the king when he come. Oh, we shall see the king. We shall see the king. We shall see the king when he comes. He's coming in power. Well, hail the blessed hour. We shall see the king when he comes. Oh my brother, are you ready for the call to crown the David King and Lord of all? The kingdoms of this world shall soon be before him fall. We shall see the King when he come. Oh, we shall see the King. We shall see the King. We shall see the king when he comes. He's coming in power. Well, hail the blessed hour. We shall see the king when he comes. Oh, we shall see the king. We shall see the king. We shall see the king when he comes. He's coming. and power. Well, hail the blessed hour. We shall see the king when he comes. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. We're going to We're going to make it. Amen. Hallelujah. Do I hope you have that hope inside of you? Amen. We're going to make it. We're going to make it. By the spirit of the Lord. will make it through. Jesus said he'd make a way if the spirit you obey. We're going to make it all the way. We're going to make it. We're going to make it. By the spirit of the Lord, we'll make it through. Jesus said he'd make a way if the spirit we obey. We're going to make it all the way. We're going to make it. We're going to make it. By the spirit of the Lord, we'll make it through. Jesus said he'd make a way. If the spirit you obey, we're going to make it all the way. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm glad I'm going to make it. Hallelujah. [Applause] It's not by what I know other than than I know the Lord died for me. Amen. Because it's the spirit. Amen. We need to pay more attention to what God's saying through the spirit than what all these loud noises out in the world. Amen. What a day that'll be. Amen. I'm looking for it. There's a there's coming a day when no heartache shall come and no more clouds in the sky. No more tears that dim the eye and for peace forever more on that happy golden shore. What a day. A glorious day that will be. Just think about it. What a day that will be when my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who saved me by his grace. When he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land. What a day, a glorious day that will be. [Music] There'll be no sorrow there, no more burdens to bear, nor more sickness, no pain, no more parting over there. And forever I will be with the one who died for me. What a day, a glorious day that will be. What a day that will be. When my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who saved me by his grace. When he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land. What a day, glorious day that will be. What a day that will be. When my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who saved me by his grace. When he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land. What a day, a glorious day that will be. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. But what a day that will be. I hope you're thinking about that day, you know, because your thoughts mean a lot. And if your thoughts are on Christ, then they're in the right spot. Not about what I got to do tomorrow, what I got to do the next day, because there's always going to be something to do tomorrow and something to do next day. But where where are we eventually going to end up? Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Well, I just want to change of order of service and just a few needs here. Our sister Linda has a request here. Uh on September 16th, I have to go in for an ablation in my heart again. Uh my head is her her heart's gotten weak. So, let's just pray for our sister Linda. Amen. That the doctors uh can solve whatever is going on. Amen. And also, she has a request for Michael to be completely and complete and surrendered. Amen. I mean, we can look at somebody and say, "Oh, they need to be delivered." But we all need to be delivered. We all need to be completely sold out, not just half sold out. even even 80% or 90%. You know, God wants all of us. He's a jealous God. He don't want to share us with anybody. Amen. Um let's just pray for our s remember to continue to pray for our sister Donna. Amen. I heard that she's live streaming um the services. So we pray that she God gives her strength and uh in this time we would just want her to know that we're praying for her and whether it's here or at home, you're always in our heart. also for uh brother Bill and sister Elizabeth with cancer. Anybody else that's dealing with cancer or any kind of illness. I pray that uh the Lord touches our sister Cheryl and our sister Ann's complete for our sister Linda. Uh for our brother um the Beckman's. Amen. I don't know where they are tonight but um we pray that I know their desire would be to be here. So, we just pray that the Lord's protection over them. Oh, yes. And brother Marty, um, he's not feeling well, so he's on some pain pills and he's just live streaming tonight. So, we hold you up in prayer, brother. And, uh, we just want to know that, uh, we're praying for you. Amen. So, uh, let's just remember them, um, prayers tonight. Let's remember all the missionaries. Uh, brother Boaz sent me a a text, you know, just to say, "Hi, love you. I'm praying for you." Sometimes that's what's needed. It doesn't have to be a long conversation, but just, you know, just something I love you. Amen. Well, before we go in prayer, I just I I just I just want to give a little testimony. And sometimes, you know, we think, well, what, you know, a testimony of what do I what I got to testify, but God's always working in our lives. You know, if you're in Christ, there's always something going on and there's always something to testify of him. You know, for a long time, we've had this couch out here that every time I clean, pieces come off of it, right? you know, and it's it was always kind of a like, okay, you know, I got and I got to make sure I clean this couch off when I'm cleaning up. And the other day, I think it was just the day before when I don't know when we got that, but just before we got it, the day before we got it, I was cleaning. I said, Lord, I says, you know, I said, put somebody on Facebook or or just put it in somebody's heart for we need a new couch. I came in church and we got a new couch. No, I didn't tell anybody, but he knew. And that's how God is, you know. So, let's just remember that sometimes it might seem like a odd request. It's only a couch, but God hears your prayers. So, he don't, you know, he just wants you to know that you can rely on him. Also, um, as I was cleaning today, you know, just another thing I I was in the church praying and, uh, I asked God for a revival in our church. You know what he told me? Start one. Don't rely on somebody else to be the one to start it. &gt;&gt; You start it. And if everybody had that attitude, then we would have a revival. It only takes one. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; But everybody's waiting on that one. And God's waiting on us. So, let's just remember that. Amen. And not just an announcement. Let's remember the Fontaine family band on September uh 13th. Amen. at 6:00 we have these flyers out there. Amen. Um just try to bring 10 people, try to tell them people. Um we all know, we've all probably listened to him before. So we know that uh they're inspired by the Lord and uh we want to inspire other people through that ministry. you know, we want we have to set oursel aside. We're just not a church, you know, that believes in part of the word. We believe it in the whole word. And sometimes it makes us a little bit small in numbers, but God is big and he cares about the little numbers because of the ones that really touch his heart. So, amen. Let's just stand tonight. Let's just go on one chord. Dear heavenly father, Lord, as we come before you tonight, Lord, we come, Lord, because you've given us this opportunity once again, Lord, to submit ourselves to you, Lord God, to come with and be with brothers and sisters of like faith, Lord God, that we can unite one on one accord, Lord God, for one thing, Lord, that just to Lord, to just fall more in love with you, Lord, to submit ourselves, Lord God. for without submission Lord there is no there is no completeness Lord there is no Lord up 100% Lord we Lord we just stand here tonight Lord and just submit ourselves to your word tonight as our brother would come and preach your your gospel Lord we pray that you just reach out and uh Lord just uh Lord anoint him tonight anoint his ministry Lord watch over him as he's in Florida watch over his family Lord And may Lord they receive something Lord that would just help them Lord that would help them claw draw close to you and realize Lord that you are the truth the way and the life Lord there is nothing at the end of the road that Lord that we can take with us Lord but you Lord we just love you Lord and we just praise you Lord. We lift you up on high, Lord God, because you are our mighty God, Lord, and there is nothing that can stand between us and not even the gates of hell, Lord God, can come between us, Lord God. We're so thankful for that tonight, Lord God. The glory of the R the glory of the risen Lord. Who can compare with the beauty of the Lord [Music] forever. He will be the lamb upon the throne. I'll gladly bend my knee to worship you alone. I will proclaim [Music] the glory of the risen lamb. who once was slain [Music] to reconcile a man to God forever. You will be [Music] the lamb upon the throne. I'll gladly bend my knees to worship you alone. I will proclaim the glory of the risen Lord. Who can compare [Music] with the beauty of the Lord forever. He will be the lamb upon the throne. I'll gladly bend my knee to worship you alone. I will proclaim the glory of the risen lamb [Music] who once was slain to reconcile a man to God. [Music] Forever he will be. Forever he will be. The lamb upon the throne. That lamb upon the throne. How gladly bend my knees to worship you alone. Amen. Let's just worship him. Hallelujah. We just worship you alone, Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Not the things of this world, not our lives, Lord. Not anybody else, Lord. Not the music, Lord, but you, Lord God. You alone, Lord Jesus, are worthy of our praises. You alone, Lord Jesus, are the one that saves us, Lord. The one that calls us, Lord Jesus. It's you alone, Lord God. Hallelujah. Praise you, Jesus. Be glorified, Lord God, by your saints tonight. Come inhabit this praises of your saints. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. You know, when we were singing that song, the one word that stood out was alone. He's a jealous God. You have to worship him alone. Amen. Let's just rise. Amen. And let's just uh go. Brother John, can you just lead us in the offerings? Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. Churchless every bless. Amen. Let's just stand. Remain standing and just sing bound for the promised land. Amen. Amen. On Jordan stormy bank I stand and cast a wishful life towards Canaan's fair and happy land where my posession lie. I am bound for the promised land. And I am bound for the promised land. Oh, who will come and go with me? I am bound for the promised land. All those white extended plain shine one eternal day. There God the sun forever rains and scatters night away. I am bound for the promised land. I am bound for the promised land. Oh, who will come and go with me? I am bound for the promised land. No chilling winds, no poisonous breath can reach that healthful show. Sickness and sorrow, pain and death are feared and felt no more. I am bound for the promised land. And I am bound for the promised land. Oh, who will come and go with me? I am bound for the promised land. When shall I reach that happy place and be forever blessed? When shall I see my father's face and in his bosom rest? I am bound for the promised land. I am bound for the promised land. Oh, who will come and go with me? I am bound for the promised land. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I hope you are determined to be bound for the promised land. For it's all about your expectation. I believe God can meet every expectation that we have if we just are truthful in our hearts. That's what we want. Amen. Let's just sing only believe as our brother Mark comes. Amen. Only believe. Only believe. [Music] All things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe, Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. God bless you. &gt;&gt; Lord, I believe all things are possible. Lord, I believe Jesus is here. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. All things are possible. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. All things are possible. Jesus is here. &gt;&gt; Amen. How many believe that tonight? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's bow our heads in a word of prayer. Dear gracious heavenly father, we always count it an honor and a privilege to be in your presence in your house. Lord, we just want to give you the full preeminence, Lord, in our lives, in our hearts, every part of our life, Lord. May you just speak to us through the preaching of the word. May you move me far out the way, Lord, that the people may hear directly from you, Lord. Lord, May you bring each scripture, each quote to life, Lord, and let us be able to have a testimony that you spoke with us and walked with us, Lord, during the service. Father, now we give this service into your hands from the opening prayer to the ending prayer. And Lord, we want to just we know your word declares if two or three are gathering your name, there you'll be in the midst. And Lord, we're more than three. We're more than two. And Lord, we know that you're here, Lord. You promise, Lord. &gt;&gt; And Father, once again, meet each need here tonight, Lord. You know each heart. You know each unspoken Lord. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. I want to say it's always an honor and a privilege to be with family. &gt;&gt; Um it's been a while. It's actually been exactly a year I believe. So time time flies and I can see when the prophet said that um when you come back in a year, you won't see people. I never experienced that. But just seeing one of our uh one of our own just brother Bruce just going to be with the Lord is, you know, it's surprising. But God knows all. And um one of my favorite songs that Brother Bruce used to sing was the evening time. That's one of my favorite songs that he used to sing. So I always think about that um since he's passed. But let us open the word into Psalms 46. Very familiar scripture. Let me set a timer so I don't preach for three hours. I'm just kid. I'm just kidding. Um so it'll be Psalms 46 and we'll read the first. So actually we'll read the whole chapter. It's not very long. So say amen when you get there and we'll we'll start. &gt;&gt; So it says, "God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble." So I love how David just starts off right there just telling you what God is. So now, in order for you to experience that, you have to have a personal experience of God being your refuge, your strength. And the thing is a lot of people just wait um for trouble for God to be all those things. God can be all those things in trouble and out of trouble. So it says, "Therefore will we not fear though the earth be removed and the mountains be carried into the midst of the sea. Though the waters therefore roar and be troubled, though the mountains shake with the swelling thereof, salah." So salah really it's like a pause like like like like take it in like like like really uh see what the author is talking about right here. There's a river the streams whereof shall make glad the city of God. The holy place of the tabernacles of the most high God is in the midst of her. She shall not be moved. God shall help her in that right and early. The heathen raged and the kingdoms were moved and he uttered. His voice the earth melted. The Lord of hosts is with us. The God of Jacob is our refuge. Salah. Come behold the works of the Lord. What desolations he hath made in the earth. He maketh wars to cease at the end of the earth. He breakth the bow and cutth the spear in a sunder. He burneth the chariot in fire. Be still and know that I am God. I'll be exalted among the heathen. I'll be exalted in the earth. The Lord of hosts is with us. The God of Jacob is our refuge. Salah, you may be seated. So, the title of this sermon is though the oceans may roar. And so, I I'll a little uh further down the sermon, I I'll give where the inspiration came from. Um, so I look up the word roar. It's to cause a loud continuous sound. We say the sea or the wind roars. A company roar and acclamation to make a loud noise. And so I want to break these scriptures down that we just read. So as we're looking at these set of scriptures, a lot is going on that David has mentioned. The first thing he says, though the earth be removed, and that could be a very tragic experience in your life, it could be many things. Though the mountains be carried into the midst of the sea, your world can be turned upside down. Though the waters therefore roar and be troubled, though the mountains shake with the uh with the swelling thereof, then he says salah. But before he before he gets into that, he says God says, "God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble." I know that the Sendelite Church has been through a lot of loss lately, Brother Bruce, Brother Johnson, but I will tell you this that God is still your refuge. God will still supply every need that you have. God knows what you need and he always an ontime God. And so I want to read uh one quote and we'll read it from uh as as I thought of my ways. So David later cried, I'll bind thy commandments on my bedpost. I honor thy statues and all when he sees the goodness of God. But you know the psalmist said again that God is our refuge, a very present help in a time of trouble. So it's good to know God. Find God, get on speaking terms with him while there's nothing wrong. So, I love how the prophet points that out because a lot of times people will come to God. It could be when they're in prison, when they're broke, when they're bankrupt, or when uh they get a divorce, or whatever it may be. A lot of times, God, they they use God as a last resort. But the thing is, if you're on good speaking terms with God, it doesn't matter if you're in distress or not in distress. You know that God is your refuge in trouble or without trouble. So the prophet is trying to tell us that we need to have good speaking terms because God wants to speak to you. He he wants to supply your spiritual needs, your physical needs. A lot of times people just want their their physical needs. I need more money in the bank account or I need a brand new car. I need this. But I'll tell you this that God honors faithfulness. If you're faithful to God, he'll be faithful to you. God even cares about the little things that may not mean anything to other people, but God cares about those little things. And so I gave the inspiration where I got the the title of the sermon from. So, uh, Brother Jack's daughter, Brother Rebecca, she made an album last year. And, um, I was just I listened to this song a lot. And I was listening to it, um, I think before I was before I was uh, my trip this last week. And the the title just hit me because she says, "Though the I'll read the I'll read you the lyrics where the inspiration came." said, "Though the oceans may roar and the mountains be shaken, I know I'm not forsaken. You are with me. Every step, every step that I take, know I don't have to worry. I know your hand will guide me because you are with me." And that just like just struck and I was like, "All right, Lord." And so that just in those lyrics right there, even the oceans are roaring, we know that God is still in the midst with us as David said in Psalms. So when everything seems like it's going wrong, God said that he will not give you anything you cannot bear. So sometimes it seems like we're drowning, but we're really not. God is right there with you. And so the thing is, we got to keep our eyes on the author and finisher, Jesus Christ. Because what the enemy is trying to do is he's trying to discourage you. He's trying to take your faith away. And he knows if he can take your faith away, he has you. He knows that he's powerless when you're inside of God. and he knows he's trying same thing he did to he did to Eve to everybody he tries to get you to disbelieve even if this one part of the word of God so in this day and age Satan has he's studied mankind and he knows your weaknesses he knows your strengths and so what we have to do is we have to cling to God that much more because I can't defeat the enemy with my own strength &gt;&gt; I'm weak but in Christ I am strong we're more than conquerors as the Bible Ible says, so it's not our job to try to figure everything out. So sometimes say, why did brother Bruce die? Why did this person why did this? Why why why is this going wrong? Why why is this bill here? Sometimes we're trying to figure everything out. Don't figure everything out cuz it's what's going to do is going to give you a headache. It's going to stress you out. It's going to actually it's going to it's going to decrease your faith because God never asked you to figure everything out. He said just believe me. No, you cannot find me one time in scripture. Jesus said, "Figure it out." He said, "If thou canst, believe." And you can't figure God out by your intellects. He's not meant to be figured out. He's figured out by faith, by trusting. And so, that's what that's what the issue we have in this world is we're trying to figure every single thing out. And God's just saying, "Just walk with me. Trust me." Let's go to Romans 8. This is another very familiar scripture that we probably can all quote. We probably read it thousands of times, but I believe it's so so vital and so important. Let me get there myself. So 8:35 and we'll just read the rest of the chapter there. So Paul says here, "Who shall separate us from the love of Christ?" That's a question he's asking us. Shall tribulation or distress or persecution or famine or nakedness or prevail or sword? And a lot of times people will let these things separate them from the love of Christ. And God is trying to tell talk to us through the prophet here Paul that none of these things should separate us from the love of Christ. None of these things. And he says as it is written for thy sake we are killed all the day long. We are counted as sheep for the slaughter. Verse 37. Nay, I love it right here is talking to all of us here. Nay, in all of these things we are more than conquerors through him that loved us. So you got to realize when he died on the cross and rose again, it gave you he he called you to be an overcomer. You can no longer be defeated by the devil if you're inside of Christ. Only time you're defeated by the devil if you go outside of Christ. So we have to stay inside of Christ. And it's not a an easy thing. It's difficult because it's a constant battle between your flesh and your spirit. So that's why it's so important to be feeding on the things of God, to be keeping our eyes on the things of God because it's so easy to get caught up in our own lives. I mean, look how busy, look 10 years ago until now, how much busier you are. &gt;&gt; It seems like every year more things get added to our we got to do this, we got to do this, now this goes wrong, we got to fix this, we got to fix that, we got this issue, this problem. And and Satan knows. So he and the thing is he he can't get us with these bad things but he can get us with other things that we consider to be good like family is amazing but we can't put anything before God. We got to put everything in its proper place. Um let's go to verse 38. I love He says, "For I am persuaded," I love that neither death nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come, jobs, you could put whatever you put, you could put fill in the blank in there. None of these things should uh separate us from the love of Christ, nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature. So now Paul is like telling us everything. So nothing's left out. He said, "Nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature shall be able to separate us from the love of God which is in Christ Jesus our Lord." So basically what it's telling me is that I have no excuse. God is not accepting any excuse. None whatsoever. And I know sometimes we we think we we can trick ourselves with good excuses, but God doesn't want to hear our excuses. Not my excuses, not your excuses. Um, and so the thing is the enemy wants us to make excuses like you can just do it tomorrow or do it next week, do it next year. But a lot of times tomorrow isn't promised. I always tell people it doesn't matter how young you are, how old you are, tomorrow is not promised. You could be the healthiest person in the whole entire world and die the next day. So to me is what you do with this life is the most important thing because we're going to be judged how we how we use this life. And the thing is what's done for Christ is the only thing that's going to matter. So I I love looking up definitions. So I the first I look is tri tribulation. So the definition of that is severe affliction, distress of life, vexations. In scripture, it often denounces the troubles and distresses which proceed from persecution. Now distress extreme pain anguish of body or mind as to suffer great distress from gout or from loss of near friends. I'm pray all of us all of us can relate to these definitions. Um also means affliction, calamity, misery on earth distress of nations. Now another definition a state of danger as a ship in distress from leaking loss of spars or want of provisions of water. And then persecution. The act of practice of persecuting the infliction of pain, punishment or death upon other injustly particularly of adhering to religious creed. Now we don't we don't experience the type of persecution as giving our life like they did in the dark ages. But we still go through persecution. How many of us can relate of family members or friends walking away from us or not wanting to be friends? I lost many friends. Um, just because you're living a different because there's two different spirits. The spirit of God and the spirit of Satan. And when your friends realize that you don't do the things, it could be drinking, smoking, whatever it is, then you guys have nothing in common anymore. And so that's that that that's the thing is we all can experience loss. We all can testify, oh, I've lost this friend, that friend, but it's okay. It's it's normal. That means you're growing in Christ. And so the next one is famine. So scarcity of food, dirt, or a general one of provisions sufficient for the inhabitants of a country or besieged place. So there's a famine in the land. Now nakedness is once a means of defense. And the last one's prevail, danger, risk, hazard, jeopardy, particular exposure of a person or property to injury, loss, or destruction from any cause whatever. So now these things that we go through, we got to realize that they're to make us more like him. Just like brother John was preaching on Sunday, it's about the building. God is building a building inside of us. And it's supposed to get to the perfect stature of a perfect man. And like you said, the first foundation has to be faith. If you can't trust God, then you can never have a true walk with God. And God never asks you to figure out. He says faith. He says believe me. So the thing is it's so important that you come to God in faith. That's the first foundation. And like if you build a house and the foundation is not strong, the house would eventually crumble. A lot of people try to come to God with halfway faith or no faith and then when when things start happening, trouble happens, they run away. They go back into the world. So it's so important to build your house upon a rock and not upon sand as Jesus said. &gt;&gt; And so the thing is you can't be called a conqueror and overcomer if there's nothing for you to overcome. So when people think when they come to Christ, everything is all hunky dory, a walk through flowers. No. If he calls you being an overcomer, there's going to be obstacles. There's going to be issues, situations that you're going to have to overcome through Christ Jesus. Because otherwise, if you win a war, you can't win a war without not without without not fighting. You got to fight every inch. So the same thing with your walk with God. If you got to fight in the natural and a war, you got to fight the spiritual as well. &gt;&gt; And so it's such important thing. And I love I love just the how Peter says this in 1 Peter chapter 4:12-19. He said, "Beloved, think it not strange concerning the fiery trials which is to try you." He's trying to tell us, don't don't be surprised when these things come. When situations comes, issues come. They're going to come. If you're serving God, they're going to come. And they're not meant to decrease your faith or or or or uh hurt your faith. They're actually meant to build your faith. And he says, "But rejoice in so much." He says, "Rejoice." So be thankful that you're being tested. You're being tried cuz it's an opportunity for more Christ to be in you. So this is a trial you're going through. All this loss. It's a trial, but it's not meant to hurt you. It's not meant to break you in half, but it's but something has to die for you to live. So sometimes we have to uh I guess metaphorically like it's like almost feeling like we're being stabbed, losing a loved one. But in reality, life is actually blooming. &gt;&gt; And so, but rejoice in so much as you're partakers of Christ's suffering. That's a beautiful thing that when his glory shall be revealed, you may be glad also with exceeding joy. If you be reproached for the name of Christ, happy are ye. So, that's that's a that's a blessing and a testimony within itself to be reproached for the name of Christ. For the spirit of the glory and of God resteth upon you. On their part is evil spoken of, but on your part he is glorified. So let's read a quote from uh the resurrection of Lazarus. So he got sick and sometimes God tries your faith. Do you believe that? Every son that cometh to God must be tried. Think it not strange that fiery trials come because it's only done to perfect your faith. Draw you closer. They're worth more than gold to you. All right. So, once again, the prophet just is hammering that these trials are to build you. God wants to build you. That's his whole desire, his whole purpose. The more he can build you, the more he can use you. God wants to use each one of you guys. &gt;&gt; And so, if we're not going through trials, then how is he going to use us in the magnitude that he wants to use us? Because God has a plan and purpose for each one of our lives. and and and the purpose is to uh he gives us he gives us the ministry of reconciliation restoration. &gt;&gt; God is in the restoration business. &gt;&gt; It says in Joel um what the cankerworm eating the palmer worm uh the caterpillar. Am I missing one? The locust, he said, "I will restore." &gt;&gt; And restoration. He wants restoration in all of our lives. At my church back home, we uh the our uh word for the last year and a half has been restoration and get back in. It started with get back in step and restoration. And so when we seen uh some test I guess I share some testimonies. There's some people who've walked out away who walked away have come in and we just seen a restoration in their lives. We had some meetings in July and um after the meetings um this young lady testif because on Wednesday nights after we have service we have like a testimony like testimony night. So if somebody wants to testify, it could be or a prayer request, you you you you go up and take the microphone and and share. And one of the young ladies said um she she walked away from God and she said during the meetings that God restored her. And it was just such a beautiful a beautiful thing um just to see restoration in this young lady's life and just like a complete 180 turn and um just just to see things that you you would never expect or people to walk back in the door you'll never expect. So, it just shows you that God is still in the restoration business. He's still restoring families that I tell you, there's nothing um too hard for God to restore. Nothing too hard. You could give me the craziest situation and God can still restore. And and and I love how how how God works. Um because when brother Brandon read that scripture, that's what the whole ministry is about restoration and get us back to who? Christ. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And that's the most important thing is Christ. that that I can do all things through Christ who strengthen me. And God wants to restore each one of us. Whether it's it could be anything. Whatever is in your life, God is trying to restore. And I always think ask God big things. Don't just ask small things. Ask God big. God God wants to hear the big things that you desire. Now, obviously, we got to make sure that it's with his in his will. Nothing crazy. Nothing crazy, but obviously maybe it's your to see your family walk through the doors or maybe it's to have a deeper walk or or or maybe see restoration in a relationship. Whatever it may be, ask God these things cuz he's still in a restoration business. So, let's go to a familiar story in Exodus 14 9-31. And so, this is so now this is a literal uh a sea that's roaring in in this one. So now this is a just imagine um you just escaping from Egypt and there's literally a sea that is just roaring. If you want to put the scripture up there for me, imagine there's a sea just roaring right there and then right behind you there's horses, chariots and sword. I'll read from I'll read from here. But the Egyptians pursued after them all the horses and chariots of Pharaoh and all the horsemen's and his army and overtook the encamping by the sea be behind Filthroof. Forgive me for these names are hard before Bazoon. You want to go to verse 10 for me? And so just a little backstory before we continue. So um so uh God led the children of Israel out of Egypt, showed many signs and wonders, and we're going to just see how how the people what the reaction is. And when Pharaoh drew nigh to the children of Israel, lifted up their eyes, and behold, the Egyptians marched after them, and they were sore afraid. And the children angel cried out to the Lord. So I I just want to just stop right here real quick. So a lot of times we'll see God come through. Do it again. Do it again. But a lot of times we start crying and forget what God has done. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; In our past. &gt;&gt; I look at David's life. David didn't even have the Holy Ghost. But he could look back and said, "If God had g gave me strength to kill the bearing a lion, I can kill this Goliath." And we have the Holy Ghost. So what excuse do we have? So, we know what God can do. He's done it over and over and over again. All we have to do is remember what his word says. That's why it's so important to read the word of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So important to read the word of God. &gt;&gt; It has all you need in there. It has I don't know how many promises, but it has so many I can't even count. &gt;&gt; Has has a has a for each situation you have. You can find it right here. It It's the only book in the world that has an answer for every situation that you have. The only book. And so let's go to verse 11. So we see them just crying and and they said unto Moses, just look at this right here. Because there were no graves in Egypt, has thou taken us away to die in the wilderness? And I would say to them, did you not see what God did? Did you not see how God killed the every firstborn in the land of Egypt? Did you not see when he put locusts and fleas and blood? Did you not see all these things that he did? Did you not see that there was only light in Gan and not light in Egypt? Did you not see these things that God did? And and the thing is like sometimes people just can't catch faith sometimes. Sometimes people get so caught up in in um their their fleshly thoughts, their intellects that they fail to see that God can do it in this situation again. And he said um to die in the wilderness. Bless you. Wherefore hast thou dealt thus with us to carry us forth out of Egypt? Verse 12, please. Is it not this the word that we did tell thee in Egypt saying let us alone and and the funny part is that they were crying for deliverance. God said I have heard the cries of my people. Let us alone that we may serve the Egyptians. The how see how wishywashy they are. See the thing is sometimes human beings we want everything to be perfect. Oh I can serve God when everything's all perfect and hunky dory. It doesn't work that way. &gt;&gt; If so everybody would be Christians. Everybody would serve God if it was easy. And it's not an easy thing. For it been better for us to serve the Egyptians that we should die in the wilderness. Verse 13, please. And Moses said unto the people, "Fear ye not, and stand still, and see the salvation of the Lord, which he showed to you today. For the Egyptians who have seen today," Moses is speaking by faith. I love that. "You shall see them again no more forever." I believe that's inspired. The Lord shall fight for you. And I'll tell you today, the Lord is still fighting for you. Sometimes we try to fight the battle and we get so worn out physically, mentally, and emotionally. It's because you're trying to do God's job. Let God do his job and you do your job. Simple as that. You're not God. You can't change situations. Let God do the changing. Sometimes we we want to change people um based upon our own intellects. No, God has to be the one who does the changing. God can harden and soften hearts. And he said, "The Lord shall fight for you." I right there, that is so much spiritual encouragement that the the Lord loves you so much that he's willing to fight for you and he and you shall hold your peace. Verse 15, please. And the Lord said unto Moses, "Wherefore cry thou to me." I think sometimes there the Bible says there's a time to speak. There's a time to cry. There's a time a lot everything in every season. So, I think a lot of times we we in situations we're we're crying instead of speaking. Speak the word in a situation that there's so much. Speak faith, speak healing, speak whatever need that you have, speak it out into the atmosphere. God loves to be reminded of his word. Remind God of his word. Cuz he told Moses, "Speak unto the children of Israel that they go forward." God never tells us to look back and go backwards. He says, "Move forward." God is always telling us. He said, "Put your hand in the plow and move forward." And so, but thou lift up thy rod and stretch forth out thy hand over the sea and divide it, and the children of Israel go on dry ground through the midst of the sea. Verse 17. And I beheld, I will, and behold, I will harden the hearts of the Egyptians. Look, God hardened. And they shall follow them, and I will get me honor upon Pharaoh and upon all the hosts, and upon his chariots, and upon his horsemen. And the Egyptians shall know that I am the Lord, when I have gotten me honor upon Pharaoh, and upon his chariots, and upon his horsemen. Verse 19, and the angel of God, which went before the camp of Israel. I want to tell you this, the angel is a camped around those that fear the Lord. Angels are camped around. God will send his angel before you to fight the battle for you. Remove and went behind them. and the pillar of the cloud went before their face and stood behind. I want to point this out that they they literally seen all this with their eyes. All of this and yet when it when if you if you if you've ever finished reading Exodus and Deuteronomy, you'll see that they do the same thing over and over and over again. It's like what more do you guys need to see? A brazen serpent, um grapes in the land of Canaan, um bread falling from heaven. And you see how history repeats itself. The same thing I'm getting off my notes. The same thing you see when Jesus came in flesh that he had 70 disciples and they literally could cast out demons, heal the sick. They they saw Jesus b break bread um twice fishes, multiply all these things. But yet when it came time to the showdown, they literally turned away. And to me it's like what do you guys miss? No man has ever done this before. No man in the history of history has ever done this before. And you're willing to walk away from all of this. I understand you don't understand it. But the thing is, are you willing to to separate forever from God? And so a lot of people would do the history always repeats itself. If Jesus came today, they do the same thing even not worse because at least at least Jesus said about the Pharisees, lest your righteousness exceed the Pharisees. to the Pharisees has some sort of righteousness. They they live clean lives cuz now today you have pastors um gay pastors, homosexual, all these things you have in the ranks. He's like like how are we getting these things? Like Jesus never allowed these things. Not one bit. You got women preachers, all these things that they're allowing. At least when the Pharisees, they had some sort of um some sort of holiness. you could say they they actually cared about uh even in the priesthood when you were a high priest you had to make sure that your life was clean cuz if your life was not clean you would die in the presence of God. That's why they tied little bells and pomegranates. And now today people who step behind the pulpit they live any kind of lie that it' be pastors sleeping women in the church. It's like where's this stuff even in the scripture? Like can you give me some scripture for this please? and the and they're going to have to obviously pay for it. But the thing is I I just don't like to see that the that the church world is becoming so loose and so laxed. That's why we have so many issues in the world today. And a lot of people turn away from church because they're hurt or because they've been taught wrong. And um anyways, getting off my notes, let's let's continue back in verse 19. And the angel of God which went before the camp of Israel removed went behind them and the pillar of fire and the cloud from before their face and stood behind them. Verse 20, please. And it came between the camp of the Egyptians and the camp of Israel. And it was a cloud and darkness to them, but it gave light to night to these so that the one came not near the other all night. The next verse, please. And Moses stretched out his hand over the sea, and the Lord caused the sea to go back by a strong east wind all that night, and made the the dry land, and the waters were divided. Go to verse 22. And the children of Israel went in the midst of the sea, upon the dry ground, the waters were a wall upon them on their right hand, and on their left hand. Verse 23. And the Egyptians pursued and went in after them to the midst of the sea, even all of Pharaoh's horses, and his chariots and his horsemen. So, I want you to notice that the children of Israel did not have to do anything. They didn't have to fight. They didn't have to no swords, no nothing. God is literally showing them, I can fight your battle. I can I will protect you. I will supply your needs. Matthew 6:33. And the Egyptians pursued and went in after them the midst of the sea. And it came to pass that in the morning watch the Lord looked upon the host of the Egyptians to the pillar of fire and the clouds and trouble the host of the Egyptians. Verse 25. and took off their chariot wheels that they drove them heavily. So the Egyptians said, "Let us flee from the face of Israel. The Lord fightth, look at that, they even recognized, for the Lord fightth for them against even their enemies recognize that God was fighting for them." Verse 26. So even your enemies will recognize when God is fighting for you. So when you let go and stop trying to do God's job, even your enemies will recognize that God is fighting for you. I I I something I remember um brother Jack said cuz sometimes maybe if you work in uh retail, whatever you work at, you have bosses and employees. Sometimes there's some Sauls there. Some Sauls, they just hate you for no reason. I don't know why, but they just hate you. You could be the a good worker, whatever you are, they just hate you. I remember he said this statement. He said, "Let God kill Saul." And the thing is, let God handle that. Don't you get all been out of shape. He's there for a reason. That Saul is there for a reason and it's to build you. Don't start complaining about him. He's there for a reason. So, we don't realize that God puts us in certain places, puts people in certain positions for a reason to to build us, to test us. And and and I've had situations like that. And you know what happens? We let God do it. God will move them. God God will do God will do his job. And so instead of us always trying, see, we're so used to because this world gets so easily defended, always complaining, and we can't do what the world does. God God didn't call us to murmur and complain. In fact, the Bible tells us not to murmur and complain cuz we see what they're the children of Israel did. They were murmuring and complaining even though God was supplying the whole time. And the Lord said unto Moses, "Stretch out the hand over the sea, and the waters may come up against the Egyptians, upon their chariots, upon the horsemen." Verse 27. And Moses stretched his hand over the sea, and the sea returned to his strength. And the morning appeared, and the Egyptians fled against, and the Lord overthrew the Egyptians in the midst of the sea. Verse 29, if you want to go for me, one more. One more verse. Verse 29. But the children of Israel walked upon dry land in the midst of the sea, and the waters were a wall unto them on their right hand, on their left hand. Verse 30. And thus the Lord saved Israel that day out of the hand of the Egyptians, and Israel saw the Egyptians dead upon the sea. And then verse 31, and that'll be the last verse. And Israel saw the great work which the Lord did upon the Egyptians. So you'll think right there that would just increase their faith right there that from this moment now, they'll just walk into the promised land with faith. But no, it didn't. And so I I I think we could learn from this story that if God could do all this for them, he could do the same thing for you. Because the title of the sermon, though the seas may roar, the sea was roaring right in front of them. And what did God do? He calmed it. He opened it. They walked through. And I believe all of us have had a Red Sea experience. Or maybe we're having one right now. And I'll tell you this by eyes of faith that God will get you through. He's the same God that opened the Red Sea for the children of Israel. He's Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. He's going to supply every need. And don't just focus on the physical spirit. Don't just focus on the um the physical and the material needs. Focus on the spiritual needs because that's the that's that's the most important thing in this world because money will come and go. The Bible says money has wings. Things will come and go. Cars will break down. All these things. But I tell you one thing, God will never break down. &gt;&gt; He He's He's He's He said, "I change not." So, we can have confidence that God will not change. He He loves you. He cares about you. He's your fortress. He's your strong tower. He's your refuge. He's your rock. He's all those things. No, we cannot say no, no one person can be all those things but God himself. But God himself. Let me get back to my notes. All right. Um, so let's go to uh Joshua 10:1. I'm actually turn there myself. Get there. One second. Second. Verse 10 and one. Okay. So it says, "Now it came to pass when Anzekiah, king of Jerusalem, had heard how Joshua had taken Ai and utterly destroyed it as he had done to Jericho and her king. So he had done to Ai her king and bless you." And how the inhabitants of Gibian had made peace with Israel were among them. That they feared greatly because Gibian was a great city as one of the royal cities because it was greater than I. Ai, and all the men thereof were mighty. Wherefore Hezekiah, king of Jerusalem, set upon uh sent unto him home king of Heram, and upon these sometime these names a little hard, Pyram king of Geroth, and upon Jippa, king of Lakish, and upon Derbick, king of Iligon, saying, "Come unto me and help me that we may smite Gibian, for it have made peace with with Joshua, with the children of Israel." So, I I want you I want to point this out. So, the en their enemies are plotting against Joshua. So the devil is always looking to plot against us. In fact, he's constantly looking how he can throw traps when you're sleeping. He's thinking of ways he can get you to disbelieve God. And so I love this thing is we got to know our enemy. We got to know how he comes. He's going to come the same way he came to Eve. Same way he came to everyone in the Bible, Samson, wherever it may be, he's going to come the same way. So we got to recognize how he comes. If we recognize how the enemy works, then guess what's going to happen? He's going to have a hard time. Cuz my Bible, our Bible tells us in Ephesians 6:10, we need a full armor of God. If we got the full armor of God on, the devil can't penetrate. Anytime a demon came in the presence of Jesus Christ, what happened? What happened? The what? The demon bowed down in fear and crowing every single time in the presence of Jesus Christ. So if we're in the presence of Jesus Christ, I mean, in the presence of Jesus Christ, the devil is powerless. I think brother Brandham said, "Get to a point where the devil don't know what to do with you." So, and we can all get to a point like that. It's hard, but it's possible. It's possible. And we got to say boo back to the devil, cuz the devil is constantly trying to scare us all the time. Say boo back to the devil. Use the That's why I say it's so important. Jesus never had to reason with the devil. If you look in the the three times that he tempted him, Jesus never reasoned with the devil. &gt;&gt; He said, "It is written, thou shalt bow before me. A men shall not live by bread alone." See, the thing is the de what the devil wants to do is he wants to get you to reason. &gt;&gt; And once he gets you to reason, he has you right there. When Eve be because the thing is we think sometimes we're reading Genesis 3 that is a oneshot deal. No, de the devil was working on her day by day. Day by day. It's not just like a one-shot thing. No, he was working on it. And that's what the devil tries to do. He tries to chip at you over here. Don't let them chip at you. You can't stop the thoughts from coming, but you can stop them from staying there, cuz they're going to come, but you have the right to either to accept them or kick them out. &gt;&gt; Let's go to um we'll read a quote. So, God is still God. I love that prophet said, "God is still God." God is a God that was at Pentecost. God is a God that was in the burning bush. God is a God that opened the Red Sea. I'm so thankful that the prophet helped us to realize that the same God was in the Old Testament, in the New Testament, is still the same God with us today. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So, we got nothing to fear. We got nothing to fear because God is with us. &gt;&gt; God is with his bride. God will take care of his little bride. No matter how bad it seems it gets, God will take care of his little bride &gt;&gt; because he's in the bride. He can't reject his own. He has to take care of us because we're part of him. Because he loves us. All he asks us is to be faithful. That's all he asked us. Be faithful. He said, "Love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, all thy mind, and all thy soul." That's all he's asking from us. Um God God has opened the Red Sea. What do we care about? hydrogen bombs or fallout shelters or what more can we make. God is our refuge and his strength. A very present in the time help in the time of trouble. He's still God of Abraham, Isaac, God of David. Certainly, he's still God. We just want to hear the word. That's what we're thankful that we've heard the word and found it to be. So, yes, sir. He's a rock, a mighty tower. He's a shelter in the time of a storm. So, he is our shelter. The righteous run into So, the I love this one. The righteous runth into this tower and are safe. Yes, they are safe. That's right. He is on the home plate. He's called it safe by the supreme judge. That's right. He's that he's safe. They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. And I'll read Joshua 8. And the Lord said unto Joshua, fear them not. So this is the scripture we're reading. He said, "Fear them not, for I have delivered them into thy hand. There shall not a man of them stand before thee. So God has given us confidence that our enemies can't defeat us. You know why? Because we have the great general, the great captain, and he's never lost a battle. He's never stried out at home. He home run every single time. So like like a song CC whining sends never lost a battle. He's never lost a battle. So we don't have to worry about losing if God God has promised a victory every time. Deuteronomy 4. So I I was want to compare these two scriptures. So this is was said to Moses. For the Lord your God is he that goeth with you to fight for you against your enemies to save you. So I love telling the same a similar thing to Joshua as he did to Moses. So I just love the continuity of that God is just giving giving them confidence that yes there's enemies. Yes, there's obstacles but then they can't stand before you because I am with you. So, I tell you there's going to be How much time I got? Okay. I tell you there's going to be moments that the oceans will roar. Hard times, very difficult times. I'm pretty sure if I sat all you guys down, we all talked, you could always you all tell me this time was difficult. This this when I was this age, this was difficult. We could all we could probably talk for days. You know, all the times that we had difficult times. There's probably times where you felt like you're just drowning. Just like drowning like Lord, I can't take much more. or like one more thing, I'm going to just explode. But God is saying, I I will not give you more than you can bear. &gt;&gt; You can do this. I'm with you. &gt;&gt; But I tell you, God is right there lending a helping hand. Feel like you're drowning. God's right there. He's going to pull you up like he did Peter. See, sometimes what happens is we're walking on the water and we look over to the Sometimes what we do is we worship the problem instead of worshiping God. And we're so we're so worried about the problem and the issue, we're worshiping it. And the thing is, we don't realize it. But God said, "Hey, worship me." &gt;&gt; And that problem will soon pass. I'll give you strength. I'll give you wisdom to handle this problem. &gt;&gt; So God is letting this happen because he knows what he's doing. All these things that are happening now, God knows what he's doing. All these thing in the world that's happening, God knows what he's doing. All these things have to happen so it can set in place for everything to happen like a domino effect. That's why these things are happening. See, Russia and all these things thinking think that, oh, they they're getting over a one on God. No, you're falling right into God's God's plan just like that. And they don't even realize it. All we have to do is trust and walk forward. Just like Moses, God told Moses, we got to speak. Sometimes we got to just speak and go forward. You may not know how it's going to change, what's going to happen. to speak and go forward. Cuz go sometimes God gives you a word and you don't know how it's going to happen. You don't know where it's going to happen, but you just got to walk in faith knowing that God is going to work everything out. Let's go to Romans 8:28. I'm pretty sure we can all quote this, but let's let's not we're going to read the whole 8:28. Some people like to stop, but we're going to read the whole 28. So it says, "And we know that all things work together for the good to them." And some people stop right there, but let's keep going. That love God, okay? To them who are called according to his purpose. So that's the important part right there. Call if you Now, if you go further down, it talks about um we go to 29 if you want. We'll go to verse 29. For whom he did forno, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son. So now it's getting more intimate right there. See, we're supposed to be conformed to the image of his son, that he may be the first um born among many brethren. Verse 30, moreover, whom he did predestinate, them he also called. Whom he called, them he also justified. And who he justified, he also glorified. In verse 31, what shall we say then to these things? If God be for us, who can be against us? That's fa That's a promise right there to each one of us. A promise to each one of us. If God is for us, who can be against us? No enemy can stand. This wasn't on my notes, but let's go to Joshua chapter 1. Wasn't on my notes, but let's read it. So, do Joshua chapter 1, and we'll read the um we'll read the first like seven verses, I believe. You want to pull that up for me. So, now after the death of Moses, a servant of the Lord, it came to pass that the Lord spake unto Joshua, the son of Nun. Moses minister saying verse two for me. Moses my servant is dead. You notice you notice that God doesn't say I want you to mourn. I want you to stop. But he said now therefore arise. God said let's keep this going. Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo M Moses was a great servant, but we got to keep moving on. We got a promise to fulfill. Now therefore, arise, go over this Jordan, thou and all his people into the land which I do give thee, even to the children of Israel. Verse three, every place that the soul of your foot shall shred upon, that have I given unto you, has said unto Moses, speaking to us, there's so many promises in this book. more Holy Ghost for you, more victory for you, more whatever whatever you desire, more strength. They that wait upon the Lord, um more faith, more whatever it may be. Every place that the soul of your foot shall tread upon, that have I given unto you as I said unto Moses. Verse four, verse four for me. from the wilderness unto this Lebanon, even to the great river, the river Euphrates. So now I want to let's talk of some natural things. If God has a job for you, I don't care how much the boss hates you. If that job is for you, no man can close it. No man can close the door. No man can open it but God. A house. Brother John, they can testify. They had a house. They didn't have no money to put the house down. But look at the house they have. If that house is for you, God will open the door. Like this church, if that church is for you, no man can stop it. So it's just that's how our God works. If God has something, a purpose for you, whatever it is, mission work, whatever it is, opening a church, whatever it may be, I don't care if they say you can't do this. You don't have the money to do this. Okay. Well, God does. My father has everything I need, so it doesn't matter. It was his brother. He was trying to get a house. I believe he lives in over in the UK. What's my timer? He had a He's trying to get a house in the UK and um he had no money to really do it. And I'll tell you how faithful God is. So, he had this friend, I guess, and this this this gentleman literally I'm not telling the whole testimony, but I'm going to give bits and pieces, but literally he gave him I'll tell you this, an $8,000 $800,000 check for the house. Not even joking. That's how God can work. And it's many testimonies of where people didn't have enough money for the church and God just supplies the need. So that's how God works. Some sometimes we put God in this box like he can't supply every need. He said he'll supply every need. All you have to do is just be faithful to him. &gt;&gt; Pay your tithes, offerings. Watch what God can do. Your barns will overflow. All he asks is 10%. All he asks is offerings. Just just do these things and watch. I can testify God has God will bless a faithful tithe payer, a faithful offering. He will do it. I promise you. And these people who got the got these blessings, guess what? &gt;&gt; Faithful. &gt;&gt; From the wilderness of the Lebanon, even unto the great river, the great river Euphrates, the land of the high tites unto the great sea toward the going down of the sun shall be your coast. Verse 5, there shall not any man be able to stand before thee all the days of thy life. As I was with Moses, Saul be with thee, I will not fail thee. Say it with me. Nor forsake thee. I will not fail thee, nor forsake thee. I don't care how big the Goliath is. I don't care how big the situation is. Guess what? The bigger it is, the harder it would fall in the presence of God every single time. Verse six, be strong. It's talking unto us. And of good courage, for unto this people shall shall divide for inheritance the land which I swear unto their fathers to give them. Verse 7. Only be thou strong and very courageous that thou mayest observe to do according to all all the law. Not just what you feel like doing. Give God all which Moses my servant commanded thee. Don't say, "Oh, I I can't afford this. Oh, I can't do this." God gave it all for you. You can't just give the little he's asking for us. He ain't asking for a lot. He ain't asking for a lot. He's asking for the simple things which mo he's just asking for you. Moses, my servant, command thee, turn not from it to the right hand or to the left, that thou mayest prosper whatsoever thou goest. Verse eight, this book of the law shall not depart out of thy mouth. It's so important to read. Get familiar with the word. In fact, get get familiar with the author. But thou shalt meditate therein day and night. Thou mayest observe to do according to all that is written therein. For then thou shalt make I lost my place. Thou it is written. For then thou shalt make thy way prosperous and then thou shalt have good success. There's another verse. Verse 9. Have not I commanded thee? If you notice how many times he said be strong and of good courage. He mentioned I think almost three times. Good courage. Be not afraid. He's trying to imagine us. He's trying to not he's trying to show us how how God is trying to show us who he is. Neither be thou dismayed for the Lord thy God is with thee whatsoever thou goest. So he's trying to do is he's trying to increase our faith and saying there is nothing too big or too small for me to handle just trust me. Is there another verse? Is there verse 10? Then Joshua commanded the officers of the people saying verse 11 pass through the host and command the people saying prepare your vehicles for within three days you shall pass over this Jordan to go in the possess the land which the Lord your God uh giveth you to possess it. So today our land is what the Holy Ghost. There's more for us to possess. There's a deeper walk for us to possess. There's more of Christ for us to possess. He wants to live in you fully. more in you. Actually, I should say there's there's doors there's there's doors in your heart that you have not opened for him to gain access. Open those doors. I know sometimes it's hard to open those doors, but as soon as you open the doors, the more Christ you can have, the more victory that you can have. In closing, I'm going read. Okay, I'm going read Hebrews 4:12 and then I'm going to close. Hebrews 4:12. For the word of God is quick and powerful and sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing even to the dividing ascender of soul and spirit and of the joints and marrow and is discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. So I want you to know that even Jesus said heaven and earth will pass away but his word will not. They asked a prophet where you want to be when the bombs are in the word. Because the word cannot pass away. This word is forever settled in heaven. Line upon line, precept upon precept. This word has been proven time and time again through every age, through every walk of believer's life. It's been proven time and time again. There's no book that has life like this. No, you you can give me every self self book you want, every manual, whatever you want, but this is the only book is that's going to take you to a rapture. Only book. Only book is going to take you to a rapture. No other book that there's a lot of good books that people write about God, but it's not like this book. And I'm not saying you can't read other books. I'm not saying that. What I'm just saying is that this book has an answer to everything that you have a question of. If you have if you have a a Bible question, there's a Bible answer. So just in closing, let's let's rise to our feet and uh we'll just close in a word of prayer. Dear heavenly father, we just count it such an honor and a privilege just to serve you in this day and age, Lord, knowing that soon we'll be going home. We don't know how soon it may be, Lord, but Lord, we know, Father, that that we see the signs of the time. We see the world just in complete chaos and complete craziness, Lord. But, Father, you're still God and God alone. You're still on the throne. You're still mediating. You're still calling men and women to repentance, Lord. And, Father, I'm We all can say that we need a deeper walk with you. We all can say that we need a a refilling, a renewing, a revival, Lord, in in inside of us, Lord. Father, may you come right now, Lord, and just renew our strength, Lord. Just increase our faith, Lord. Just move in our midst. We all have needs. We all have unspokens. Lord, come and just show each one of us, Lord, who you are in a deeper, more per deeper, more personal way. Father, we want to just walk with you, Lord Jesus, like we never walked before. We want to pray like we never prayed before. We want to have faith like we never had faith before. We want revelation like we never have revelation before. Father, may you open the windows of heaven, Lord. Each time we would hit our knees, may we just enter into the presence of May we just strive to enter into your presence. Each time we read the word, let us just see you in every line, every phrase in each scripture, Lord. Father, from this day forth, Lord, let us not forget that even though the oceans may roar, you are right there holding our hand. You are right there fighting that battle, Lord. All we have to do is walk in faith. All we have to do is just fight. Take our sword out and just cut away at Goliath, Lord. And Father, we thank you for all things, Lord. Just knowing that, Father, you are all we need. And we ask all these things in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. &gt;&gt; Certainly appreciate you, brother. Amen. Amen. How many you love the word? &gt;&gt; Amen. I believe God was in this service. Don't you, Sister Linda? Amen. I believe there was confirmation. And we all have times of our lives being an uproar and things at home being an uproar, things at work being an uproar, our finances being an uproar. Um, but God is our refuge and he's our strength. He's a present help in a time of need. And I I love the idea of building our relationship with the Lord when things are are going good because eventually things are going to go bad. We're we're going to we're going to enter into another trial. How do we know that? Because our life has been full of trials. And I believe that we've heard a word to encourage us today that that God is going to see us through. And so we want to take this word home with us and and remember to to build upon that so we don't have to be scared. We can just take the land and tell the devil to get behind us. Amen. Let's sing. Got any rivers? Got any rivers? God any rivers you think are uncrossable. God any mountain you can't tunn through. God specializes in things thought impossible. And he will do what no other friend can do. [Music] Not any rivers you think are uncrossable. God in any mountains you cannot tunnel through. specializes in things thought impossible. And he will do what no other friend can do. One more time. Not any rivers you think are uncrossable, God. Many mountains you cannot tunnel through. God specializes in things thought impossible. And he will do what no other friend can do. [Music] Amen. How great is our God? Amen. How great is our God? How great is his word? He's the greatest one that ever was heard. He rolled back the water of the mighty Red Sea and he said, "I will lead you. Put your trust in me." How great is our God? How great is his word? He's the greatest one that ever was heard. He rode back the waters of the mighty Red Sea. And he said, "I will lead
