################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-05 - 6.4.25 - SAME - John Martin - John Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-05
Title:   6.4.25 - SAME - John Martin
Speaker: John Martin
Church:  Send The Light Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4XzGULWV33U
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Data do. Heat. Heat. We'll give him all the gloryy. We'll give him all the gloryy. We'll give him all the gloryy. Christ the Lord. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. Christ the Lord. For he alone is worthy. For he alone is worthy. For he alone is worth the Christ the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He is worthy. Worthy to be praised. Worthy to be glorified. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. How many you happy to be here tonight? Hallelujah. Let's just glorify him. Let's just give him a a praise offering. Amen. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Well, I greet you in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. Without him, we wouldn't be here. Without him, we wouldn't have life. Amen. Hallelujah. Brother uh Beckman, could you just open us in a word of prayer? Yes. us. Father, Amen. And you may be seated. Amen. All over the world. Amen. Just not here. All over the world, the spirit is moving. All over the world as a prophet said it would be. All over the world, there's a mighty revelation of the glory of the Lord. As the waters cover the sea, deep down in my heart, the spirit is moving. Amen. Deep down in my heart, as a prophet said it would be, deep down in my heart, there's a mighty revelation of the glory of the Lord. As the waters covered the sea, all over the world, the spirit is moving all over the world as the prophet said it would be. All over the world, there's a mighty re Revelation of the glory of the Lord as the waters covered the sea. Deep down in my heart, the spirit is moving. Deep down in my heart, as a prophet said it would be. Deep down in my heart, there's a mighty revelation of the glory of the Lord as the waters covered the sea. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Do you believe there's a move going on? Do you believe the Lord's calling? Amen. Hallelujah. Are you washed in the blood? Amen. Have you been to Jesus for a cleansing power? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Are you fully trusting in his grace this hour? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Are you washed in the blood? In the soul cleansing blood of the lamb? Are your garments spotless? They are white as snow. Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Are you walking daily by the Savior's side? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Do you rest each moment in the crucified? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Are you washed in the blood? In the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. Are your garments spotless? Are they white as snow? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? When the bridegroom cometh, will your robe be white? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Will your soul be ready for the manion bright? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Are you washed in the blood? In the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. Are your garments spotless? Are they white as snow? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Lay aside that garment that is stained with sin. Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? There's a fountain flowing for the soul unclean. Oh, be washed in the blood of the lamb. I'm washed in the blood, in the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. Yes, my garments are spotless. They are white as snow. Yes, I'm washed in the blood of the lamb. Are you washed in the blood? In the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. Are your garments spotless? Are they white as snow? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Yes, I'm washed in the blood. In the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. Yes, my garments are spotless. They are white as snow. Yes, I'm washed in the blood of the lamb. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Wash in his righteousness. Amen. Hallelujah. Baptized in the body. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. [Music] Have you been baptized into the body? Baptized with the Holy Ghost. There is but one way to enter in it just as they did on Post. Are you in the church triumphant? Are you in the Savior bride? Come and be baptized into the body and forever more abide. There's but one church bride or body and in into it we're all baptized by the one true promise Holy Spirit through by the word we're all despised. Are you in the church triumphant? Are you in the Savior's bride? Come and be baptized into the body and forever more abide. Every creed has claimed to be the body, but the plone true. all their dreams for God has so determined to bring his son's true bride to view. Are you in the church triumphant? Are you in the Savior bride? Come and be baptized into the body and forever more abide. Many thought that they were in the body till the Holy Ghost had come when the word of God was open to them. They entered in yet there is room. Hallelujah. Are you in the church triumphant? Are you in the Savior bride? Come and be baptized into their body and forever more abide. Those who died before the Holy Spirit came unto us from on high may by faith which saints of old departed arise to meet him in the sky. Are you in the church triumphant? Are you in the Savior bride? Come and be baptized into the body and forever more abide. When the bridegroom comes, will you be ready and your vessel are filled and bright? Will you be among the foolish virgins? If you don't walk in the light, are you in the church triumphant? Are you in the Savior bride? Come and be baptized into the body and forever more abide. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. And we are baptized by him, by the Holy Ghost. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. By his word. Amen. Amen. By his word, I'll prevail. By his word, I'll never fail. will by his word. How overcome by his word I'll prevail. I'll overcome by his love I'll prevail. By his love I'll never fail. By his love I'll overcome. By his love I'll prevail. I'll overcome. By his grace I'll prevail. By his grace I'll never fail. By his [Music] grace I'll overcome. By his grace I'll prevail. I'll overcome. By his word I'll prevail. By his word it'll never fail. By his word I'll overcome. By his word I'll prevail. I'll overcome. Amen. Let's just sing. By his grace. By his grace. Not of yourself. How prevail. It's all him. By his grace I'll never fail. By his grace I'll [Music] overcome. By his grace I'll prevail. I'll overcome. Amen. And let's just go to him tonight by for his grace. Amen. Dear heavenly father, it's by your grace we we're here, Lord. Lord, we just want to thank you tonight for that amazing grace. The grace that died on the cross for us, Lord, that Lord, you impute to us every day, Lord. We're not worthy, Lord, but you find us worthy in your eyes, Lord. We're so thankful for that grace. May that grace see us to the other side in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. As the deer. Amen. Amen. And may our hearts pant like the deer. Amen. As the deer panteth for the water so my soul longeth after thee. You alone are the hearts desire and I long to worship thee. Just worship them tonight. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit yield. You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship you. You're my friend and you are my brother even though you are a king. I want you more than gold. the other so much more than anything. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit yield. You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. I want you more than gold or silver. Only you can satisfy. You alone are the real joygiver and the apple of my eye. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit yield. You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. Hallelujah. Halle I pray that's your heart's desire tonight. Amen. Well, there's just change of order of service. There's a few requests here. Amen. Amen. As our brother Jonathan's out there with some pain in his I believe in his tooth. Let's just pray for him tonight. He's I'm sure he'd like to be out here and join us. But uh we just pray before the end of the service that he'll feel better and that the Lord will just uh make a way for him. Amen. But we believe it. Amen. So let's just pray for him also. Amen. if you could just keep uh my niece uh in your prayer. Her name's Tori. Um we just went over and visit him uh yesterday in Grand Rapids and uh she's just got a heart for the Lord. She's just uh been praying and uh you know sometimes when you commit somebody to the Lord, you just got you just got to trust the Lord. It's all you got to do. And uh it might sometimes it's a short time and sometimes it's a long time, but God does answer prayer. So we're thankful for that. Also, um at some point this summer, she wants to be baptized in Lake Michigan. So we just pray that uh the Lord will make a way for that. I'm sure he will if the desire is still there. Amen. And also, if you could pray for my son Josh, uh he's been diligently praying uh for the Lord in his life. I guess all I can say is don't never give up hope. You know, it's in his time. Sometimes it's We feel that it's not soon enough, but he knows the right time because he knows the situation. So, we just pray that he's fully established in Christ. Amen. And the Lord helps us guide him. Amen. Also, our sister uh I think believe this is from sister uh Linda. Amen. Please uh pray for a friend of Janette's. Her brother's wife Barb uh is in the hospital. She has had a a stroke and pray is 83 and uh tired out taking care of his uh wife Barbara. Amen. pray for his healing and his uh words and his healing. Amen. Thank you, uh, Linda. Amen. Also, uh, Brother Jonathan's tooth pain and allergies. Thank you for God. Uh, bless you all. Amen. So, let's just remember that. Let's remember all those that are uh uh seeking the Holy Ghost, seeking more of God uh after uh Sunday's service. Amen. I know it's it's my desire and I'm sure it's everybody else's desire that we bear more fruit. And when you say, "Lord, purge me." Um he's going to do some cutting in your life. and uh but it'll be worth it all in the end. So just allow him to come into your life and snip away cuz he will if that's your desire. Amen. So let's just remember uh all those that are suffering from cancer. um brother Bill, Sister Elizabeth uh Murphy, just all those that are uh under some sort of affliction. Amen. Uh it's a test of your faith. I I truly believe and we pray that uh the Lord's just our portion and and their portion through it all. Amen. Let's just stand. Let's just pray for one another. Amen. uh those that aren't here and those that have a desire in their life, uh let it just be known to the Lord tonight. Um how many more wants more of the Holy Ghost? I mean, just there's there's never there's all an it's an endless supply. So, let's just pray for that tonight in the name of Jesus. Dear heavenly father, Lord, as we come before you tonight, Lord, we come in the mighty name of Jesus. Lord, for all these desires that would be upon our hearts, for all these things, Lord, that come before us tonight, Lord God, we pray for each and every one of them, for our brother Jonathan that's out there, Lord, with his toothache. And Lord, whatever would be the cause of him, Lord, we just pray that you just remove it in the name of Jesus tonight. Lord, we pray for every heart here, Lord, that was that you spoke to last Sunday, Lord, to bear more fruit, Lord. Purge us, Lord Jesus. Come and by your word, Lord, may we just take it into our hearts and believe it, Lord, and come draw close to you by the end of the night, Lord God. Lord, if there be anything, Lord, that would stand in our way, Lord, we just denounce it in the name of Jesus tonight. Lord, come and be our guest, Lord. Be with us, Lord. We pray for the word tonight and our brother John Lord as he would deliver it in Jesus' name. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. We have a special Amen. Sister Ian. God bless everybody. Um, I am lo and behold once again nervous. So please pray for me. Um, this song is something that just kind of came on my heart earlier today as I was driving and I get I'm a tend to be sort of a deep thinker and I I just got to thinking about all the the trials that we go through and the things that we face and um I I got to thinking about some of the hardest things that that I've faced in my life and as I as I thought about the time that I went through the trial and the things that I was facing and how hard it felt and it was just pain and sorrow and just you name it. And but then I began to look at who I am today and I'm a completely different person because of the trials I went through. And I just began to to thank the Lord right there in my car because I felt like the whole purpose God sends us these these things we go through is to shape us, to mold us, and to get us ready for rapture. And it, you know, as brother Ron was just saying, it hurts. It hurts to be cut. It hurts to be shaped. And um but there's there's something that only a trial can bring out of you. There's a strength that only a trial can bring. So, I just I I wanted to sing this tonight just because I I'm so thankful that no matter what I have faced, the anchor holds me. I have journeyed through the long dark night out on the open sea. By faith alone, sight [Music] unknown. And yet his eye was watching me. And the anchor [Music] holds. Though the ship is battered, the anchor holds though the sails are torn. I have fallen on my knees. As I face the raging sea, the anchor holds in spite of the storm. I've had visions and I've had [Music] dreams. I've even held them in my hand. But I never knew they could slip right [Music] through like they were only drains of sand. But the anchor holes though the ship is better. The anchor holds though the sails are torn. I have fallen on my knees as I face the raging seas. But the anchor holds in spite of the [Music] storm. Well, I have been young, but I am older now. There has been beauty these eyes have seen. But it was in the [Music] night through the storms of my [Music] life. That's where God proved his love to me. And the anchor holds. Though the ship is better, the anchor holds. Though the sails are torn, will I have fallen to my knees as I face the raging sea, but the anchor holds in spite of the storm. The anchor holds. Though the ship is better, the anchor [Music] holds. Though the sails are torn, will I have fallen through my knees as I face the raging seas, but the anchor holds in spite of the storm. [Applause] Amen. Let's just stand tonight. Amen. Let's just sing a a short chorus here. Come and dine. Amen. Amen. It's your opportunity to feed on the word tonight. Amen. Come. Amen. Come and dine, master. Amen. You may feast at Jesus table all the time. He who fed the multitude turned no water into wine. To the hungry callest now, come and dine. Come and dine. The master call, come and dine. You may feast at Jesus table all the time. He who fed the multitude turn the water into wine. To the hungry calleth now come and dine. Come and dine. The master calleth come and dine. You may feast at Jesus table all the time. He who fed the multitude turned no water into wine. To the hungry calleth now come and dine. Come and dine. The master callth away. He fed the turn the water into wine. Do the hungry calleth. Now come and dine. One more time. Come and dine. The master calleth. Come and dine. You may feast at Jesus table all the time. He who fed the multitude turn the water into what? To the hungry calleth now. Come and die. Amen. Amen. Amen. I am thankful that if he could feed 5,000 with just one boy's lunch, I believe God can feed us with one scripture. Amen. Amen. He's able to do exceedingly above what we could think of him being able to do. I want to greet you today in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. is good to be in the house of the Lord today. How's the temperature going for everybody and not too cold? Not too hot. Don't tell me you're lukewarm. Not allowed to have that in church. Amen. I did want to uh made a a very sad announcement. Um we all remember brother Joseph Benami. He had passed away at the beginning of May and they had a funeral for him just this last Saturday. Gone on to be with the Lord. And so if we could just remember to pray for the family, a very very sad uh situation. I don't have all the details, but enough to know that the families hurt and hurting and uh they what a hard time to trust the Lord. Um so we want to remember we want to remember the family in prayer. Amen. And if you have your Bibles this evening, turn with us if you would to the book of Hebrews, chapter 13. Hebrews chapter 13. And we're going to begin reading with verse number uh five through 8. Hebrews 5 through8. So thankful that we have the solid rock. We don't know what's going to happen in this life, but we can hold to God's unchanging hand. Amen. Let's begin reading here and then we'll have a word of prayer. Let your conversation be without covetousness and be content with such things as you have. For he hath said, I will never leave thee, nor forsake thee. It just doesn't matter if we got a dollar or what. God is going to be with us. So that we may boldly say, "The Lord is my helper. I will not fear what man shall do unto me." Amen. Remember them which have the rule over you, who have spoken unto you the word of God, whose faith follow. Consider the end of their conversation. Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Let's bow a word of prayer. our heavenly father. Lord, thank you when everything goes wrong and in every direction and what we anticipate and we just can't we can't count on anything. Even when they're telling us what the weather is having right now, sometimes it can even be different than that. But Lord, one thing is for sure. You are the same yesterday, today, and forever. And we're thankful that we can what we all hear have an anchor that holds within the veil. And Lord, we heard that song today. The anchor holds. Lord, you are our anchor. Your word is our absolute. And Lord, we want to learn to depend upon that a little bit more. So I pray today that Lord you would take all of our lives, forgive us of any sins that we have committed that anything that would stand in the way of you moving in our behalf. Lord, that you would help us of our unbelief and that you would get a hold of our minds and our hearts through the ministry of the word today that we might walk away from here closer to you than when we came. Pray that our our minds, our thoughts could just be completely open now to your word and give us the revelation as we dive into the scriptures today. Come and be not only the unseen guests, but I pray that each one of us, it doesn't matter the age, how young we are, how old we are, come and meet with us right where we're standing, right where we're sitting. Lord, meet with us. be real to us through the opening of the word. Now we pray these things in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. And God bless you. May be seated. We want to entitle this message same s. and for a subject faithfulness. And in our scriptures today, God wants us to learn to be content because he's with us. Once we think God is not with us, then we're going after whatever we want. And God is our portion. He will supply every need. according to his riches and glory. The Bible tells us and he wants us to boldly say, "The Lord is my helper and I will not fear what man shall do unto me." Know there are times that we get scared, but the Lord said, "I'll never leave you. I'll never forsake you." That he will help us through every situation. And then it says, 'Re them which have the rule over you. So I can say to you children, remember your parents. To your parents, remember the office that God's given you. I'll say to the pastor, remember the Lord Jesus Christ. We have a a prophet. We have the the word of God. and Paul, we have these examples and the Bible is admonishing, remember them which have the rule over you. So, we all have somebody over us. Every single one of us. If we don't, we're lawless. That's true. Remember them which have the rule over you, who have spoken unto the word of God. Now, what are we supposed to do? Consider whose Okay. whose faith follow consider the end of their conversation. Now that word conversation means behavior their their behavior not the at the end of the words. Now remember their behavior is the end of their behavior that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today and forever. Is it the same as God? Is it the same as Jesus? Our behavior reveals and unveils our faith, what we believe in. Not our words, not our talking, not our testimony, but our behavior. The very conversation of our life that we're living, it really unveils who we are. Amen. And it's either speaking that Jesus Christ is alive today, he's living today, he is the same today, or it's it's something in the past. The Bible tells us that we are uh epistles. Uh Paul Paul said, "Ye are our epistles written in our hearts, known and read of all men." Amen. So people can look to see what we really are. Yes. Consider that means look again. Behold, consider Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Now, if Jesus Christ is living inside of you, he will be the same to you. He will be the same in your life because he's living in you. He's not going to act different in you. It's going to be the same. So what we want to do in the service today is we want to provoke our our lives to be just like Christ. So yeah, part of it we got to take inventory. But I'll say it like this. How many's got Jesus Christ living in your life? Okay, that means he's going to act the same way. He's not going to act different inside of anybody. If he's inside, he's got the preeminence, he's going to act the same. Now, the problem comes is when we don't yield ourselves to God and then we become we we begin acting a little bit different. But the very message of the hour that the prophet brought the the the the title of his message was Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. That God is the same as he was when he walked the shores of Galilee. Amen. that he's still alive living in his people. So I don't care if it's Sunday, Monday, or Tuesday, he's the same inside of you. Turn with me if you would to John 14:8. John 14:8. Philip saith unto him, Lord, show us the Father and it will suffice us. And Jesus saith unto him, Have I been so long a time with you? And yet, excuse me, and yet hast thou not known me, Phillip, he that have seen me hath seen the father. How sayest thou then, show us the father. So here Jesus is saying Jesus and the father are the same. Right? That's what's being expressed here. Believest thou not that I am in the father and the father in me. The words that I speak unto you speak not of myself, but the father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works. He's doing the act, the deeds, the toil. Believe me, I am in the father and the father in me. Or else believe me for the very works sake. In other words, consider the end of the conversation, the end of the behavior, the end of their life, the life that they're living. Look at that. Consider it and see. If you don't believe the words, believe the life. Jesus is saying the father is living inside of him that and that is causing Jesus to live the very same life. And he says the same thing will happen to us when we have the spirit of Christ inside of us. It ain't going to be any different than when the the father was in Jesus. It ain't going to be any different than when Jesus is in us. Right? So look at this verse 12. Verily, verily I say unto you, he that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also, and greater works than these shall he do, because I go to my father. More works. He this he spoke this at age 33. Look, we're most of us are older than 33 or at least some of us are older than 33. So, we have more time to do more works, to have more end of our conversation, to have more time to behave. Amen. And too often, here's what we are. We live in a world who the church world says it don't matter what life you live as long as you claim to be a Christian. But I'm so glad the Bible's telling me, consider the end of their conversation. Look at the end of their life because that's really telling who they are. If the end of their life is speaking that God, it's the same thing that the Bible that that happened to Jesus in the Bible is the same thing that's happening in their life, then we can have confidence in that. Then we can follow them as they follow God. Right? Paul said, "Follow me as I follow Christ." Amen. But if the but if their behavior isn't according to the scriptures, then don't follow. I'll tell you why. The devils believe. Didn't know Jesus said he he that believeth on me, the works I do shall eat you also. Well, the devils believe that the devils believe with such a high degree of belief that it actually causes them to tremble. So they believe yet they do not the works of Christ. So this belief is different. I just wonder how many actual believers or so professing Christians have this same type of belief. the same type of belief system and they call it faith believing without the works of Christ. Are you with me? Jesus said, "He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also." And the demons aren't doing it. They have such a higher degree of believing than a lot of professing believers. How do you know that, Brother John? Because at least the demons tremble. Think about that. A lot of people, they don't even they don't even tremble at the word. Amen. The demons even tremble when the weakest Christian gets on his knees. There are too many professing believers who are too proud to tremble. Isaiah 66:1 says, "Thus sayeth the Lord, the heaven is my throne, the earth is my foottool. Where is the house that you will build unto me? Where is the place of my rest? So God God is looking. What are you going to build for me to live in? For all these things have my hand made. That's right. And all those things have have been have been, sayeth the Lord. But to this man will I look even to him that is poor and of a contrite spirit. And what trembleth at my word? Amen. That's the person I want to live inside. I want to live inside the person that trembles at my word. Not one that could just profess what he wants to profess. Act like he wants to act. Doesn't has a proud spirit. God resists the proud. Right. Look, I think if we really want God to live more inside of us, we got to learn to have the type of spirit that he's looking for. This is not someone who per periodically gets contrite. This is not someone whose spir whose spirit kind of shows up up and down and in and out and sometimes they're humble and sometimes they're proud. We're talking about being the same yesterday, today, and forever. God is looking for some stability in our lives. Not just saying, "Do what we want, say, I'm sorry," and then keep doing what you want to do. God is looking for faithfulness. It ain't going to h we're not going to be gifted that. It's a choice you make in your heart, in your mind every single day. Amen. God is looking for a man that is not up and down to rest in. I'm telling you, if you're going to take a a a plane, let's say you're going to take a plane and you can get on a plane that's going to go like this and get you there, or you're going to get on a plane that's going to take off and just Which one do you want to get on? Brother Marty, which Brother Ron, which boat do you want to get on when you're out in the ocean? You want to get one that's like this or one like this? God isn't interested in living in somebody who's like this. He wants some stability to live in. Someone who's made up their mind. I'm going to stay with it. I'm going to be the same when I wake up. Thursday morning I'm going to be just like it was Wednesday night. That's what God is looking for. Jesus said, "He that believeth on me, the works I do shall heed you also." This belief is trusting in the word of God. The word of God has to be our absolute. It's not what we think. It's not how we're feeling. It's the word has to be the absolute. One that trembleth at the word of God, one that is poor and contrite in spirit. Brother Brandham said in the message spiritual food in due season, he said, "So is it today, friends, so is it today that the bread of life that the children eat on follows the message of God to sustain them during the time of the drought." Now, what if he stood in our presence today? What if he stood in our presence right now? Would he act and do? He would act and do just exactly like he did the days when he was here in the flesh here on the earth. And he says, "The bride is part of the husband. The church is the same as Christ. the works I do shall he do also. And it is the word that done it. He told us that the things that that he did, that is what we do also. I'm just going to say it like this. Forget about trying to say I'm a Christian and start looking at living like a Christian. Look, because that's what everybody else looks at. They're not looking at your words, right? I'm sorry if if if there is something if there is a person who's uh you may be able to fool some of the people some of the time but you can't fool a a real bornag again Christian look you you you can't keep living an up and down life and saying you're you're serving God you got to make up your mind am I going to do the works of Christ or am I not? Baptism doesn't save us. I believe God is calling us to be faithful. I really do. I believe I believe that with all my heart. Turn with me if you would to Matthew 25:14. for the kingdom of heaven. Uh this is just a parable and we're not going to get I can just tell you right now starting off we're not going to get through all the scriptures but we can go a little extra but not too much extra. For the kingdom of heaven is as a man traveling to a far country who called his own servants and delivered unto them his goods. Unto one he gave five talents, to another two, to another one. To every man according to his several ability, and straightway took his journey. I remember when I was in high school, there was there was some of the kids, they were like so talented, and then there were some that didn't have any talent, it seemed. And then, you know what I'm talking about? And then there were some that were in between. And like they all had different abilities. Amen. This is what what the Lord's saying right here. He's given all of us a different ability, but according to the ability he's given to us, he expects to receive from that. Amen. Then he that had received five talents went and traded the same and made them other five talents. Now, there's a a a parable in the book of Luke that's similar to this, but there's it's 10 servants who all received one pound each, and they were instructed to occupy till he came back. And some traded, and they received 10. They had one, and they received 10. Others, they had one, they received five. And one of them decided not to do any trading at all. He was scared that if he traded, he would lose. Can you imagine going into the stock market, right? And you you're going to put some money in a certain stock. There is a little bit of question there whether you're going to lose it. How many's lost money in in trading before? Yeah. We Yes. So, you know, it's possible to trade and lose, right? And and there are some believers who do not want to give up their life. They are afraid that they're going to lose it. instead of winning more souls. So if someone is going to trade, they have to give up something to get something. It's like trading in in in in in sports. you you sometimes trade a player in football or hockey for another player and they switch teams and sometimes they excel and sometimes it was like not worth trading. So you're taking a chance when you're trading. Amen. Always taking a chance. Okay, let's go back here to Matthew 25 verse1 17. And likewise he that had received two, he also gained other two. But he that had received one went and digged into the earth and hid his lord's money. And after a long time the lord of those servants cometh, and he reckoned with them. And so he that had received five talents came and brought other five talents, saying, Lord, thou deliverest unto me five talents. Behold, I've gained beside them five talents more. Hallelujah. And his lord said unto him, Well done, thou good and faithful servant. Thou has been faithful over a few things. I will make thee ruler over many things. Enter thou into the joy of the Lord. Now notice, God is well pleased if you take what God has given you and get more. That is the truth for him. Because he's the one that gave us our talents. That's right. He's the one that gave us our life. And so he's looking for more. And if we give him more, then he says, "Well done. Well done." He says, "Good, thou good and faithful servant." Oh, is that beautiful? I want to associate the word good. How do I know I'm good? Jesus said there's none good. Paul said there's none good. I mean, now Jesus is calling this man, this servant good. What makes a man good? I want to associate this word good with a sincere heart. Why do I say that? Because there is a parable about the four heart conditions. And I just want to read a portion of that. And that's in Luke 18:14. If we want to put that up there. Luke 8 Luke 8:14. And this was one of the grounds of the heart. And that which fell among thorns are they which when they heard go forth and and are choked with the cares and riches and pleasures of this life and bring no fruit to perfection. So they had fruit at one time, but it doesn't go on to perfection. Verse 15. But that on the good ground are they which in honest and good heart, having heard the word, they keep it and bring forth with patience. So I want to associate that word good with just a good heart, a sincere heart. They're just honest. God does not look at us as as good and we just did dally do whatever we want to do and expect that we're going to be good. God wants to see us be sincere and we have a chance to do that every single day. Thou has been faithful over a few things. Now you might think a few things is what a few things is. Like a few things were like you could just pick up a few things at the house. You could just fix you could just do a few things off the honeydew list. A few things is looked at a few things. Take a few chairs out. We associate few with a few days, right? Few is is like three or a small number. But that's not what this word means. This word few things when Jesus is speaking it means a short while. For what is your life? Is it even a vapor that appearth for a little time and then vanishth away? God is looking at your life. The life that you have, it is it is just something that he's asked you to be faithful with. And it's nothing compared to eternity. So being the faithful is being the same. It's being the same. It It's being consistent, dependable, always with your entire life. It's no longer I'm just going to get baptized. I'm going to do a couple things. I'm going to just do this. I'm going to listen to this tape. And you know what? I'm going to do what I want to do. That is right. That is not faithful. Faithful is you have your life to live for God. Make a choice. Choose ye this day whom you're going to serve. Says, "How long will you halt between two opinions? How long will you consider what you want to do? If God be God, then serve him." Amen. And if he's not, then no. Well done, good and faithful servant. Thou has been faithful for a short while. Well done, sincere and being faithful with your life. We need to think about this. We need to meditate upon it. We need to make sure we're making it happen. Amen. All right. Matthew chap 25 verse 22 going back to this and he also and all he also that had received two talents came and said Lord thou delivers unto me two talents behold I've gained two other talents beside them and he said and his lord said unto him well done good and faithful servant well done good and faithful servant thou has been faithful over a few things I will make thee ruler over many enter thou into the joys of the Lord so it doesn't matter how many talents you It doesn't matter if you have two or 50. What matters is that you're faithful with your life. Then he which had received the one talent came and said, Lord, I knew that thou art a hard man. Now you understand that God is des Jesus is describing himself here. Thou art a hard man, reaping where thou hast not sown, and gathered where thou has not strawled. We all got to give an account for our lives. And I was afraid and went and hid thy talent in the earth. And lo, thou has that that is thine. I'm just giving it back to you. And God's looking at him says, "I gave you that life and you're not I gave you life and you're not going to give me anything more." And the Lord answered and said unto him, "Thou wicked and slothful servant. Slotful. Don't care. Do what you want to do. Thou kneest that I reap where I sold not and gathered where I did not straw. Look, if I gave um look any all of us that give our kids something, give something. Uh uh I'm not going to give all the men that that work for me at Trusted a paycheck if they're not going to work for me. It's just not going to happen. And I don't think brother Mike would end up staying there working for that place after a while if they didn't give him any money. And God is not going to just give you a life to do whatever you want to do with it and expect nothing in return. That's not his makeup. There is a reason that God gives us life. The Bible says all things were created by him and what? for him. Yes. And that God works all things after the counsel of what? His will. Well, it's his will that he gets all of his family saved. Amen. Right. It God in all things wants to have preeminence in the church. Amen. But you know, God will not cross free free will. And this one serv servant knew what God wanted him to produce, but he used his life for himself. So consider the end of this man's conversation. It was not the same yesterday, today, and forever. Was not Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever? And God said unto him, "Thou wicked and slothful servant." Man has a choice to do what he wants to do with his life. But at the end of the life, God has that that that God has given him. God is going to either say to him, "Well done, thou good and faithful servant." Or he's going to say, "Thou wicked and slothful servant." There's no in between. We're either doing God's will or we're not doing God's will. There's there's Well, you are neutral. There's no no neutral. It's in his will or not his will. 2 Corinthians 5:9. We want to step in here some more scripture. 2 Corinthians 5:9. Wherefore we labor. Wherefore we labor whether present or absent we may be accepted of him. How are we going to be accepted by God if we don't labor? For we must all appear before the judgment seat of Christ, that every one of us may receive of the things that we've done in his body, according they have done, whether it be good or bad. We just read the We just read this, right? Knowing therefore the terror of the Lord, we're not going to hide our gift, but we're going to persuade men. We persuade men, but we are man we are made manifest unto God. And I trust also are made manifest to your conscience. Knowing therefore the terror of the Lord that he is a hard man. He is expecting to reap something out of your life. And we've got to be willing to take our lives, lay it down for the Lord and and go win a soul. Bring somebody to Jesus. Let Jesus, you know, the way you can let God know you're thankful for salvation is bring somebody else in. That shows God you're thankful for salvation. Right there. Give your life to save somebody else. We've got to trade our time to to persuade souls to Jesus Christ. As many as possible. Yes, let's start with one. But I'll say, let's let's they that win souls is wise. God is working all things together for his eternal purpose. That's to get all of his family together. And and I just we we need to be working in harmony with that. God wants to reap the benefits of our lives for his eternal kingdom. So we need to be good. We need to be faithful. We need to be what? The same. the same same thing that Jesus did. We do. All right, going back now to where we were at in Matthew 25. We're going to just start with verse 26. And the Lord answered and said unto him, "Thou wicked and sorrowful servant, thou kneest I reap, where I sold not, and gathered where I I have not strolled. Thou oughtest therefore to have put my money to the exchanges, and then at my coming I should have received mine own with you. In other words, obey them that have the rule over you because they're trying to tell you what to do. Live for God. Win a soul for Jesus. True. consider the end of their conversation. I mean, I wouldn't want to go to a church where they're telling you it doesn't matter what you do. Hey, all we're here is have a good time. Let's have some music. Let's have some entertainment. Let's have some fun. Let's go out of here feeling good. That is not Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. And here it is. Jesus is saying in this parable, "Thou oughtest therefore to have put my money to the exchangers, to those who are trying to tell you, trade, trade your life. Give up your your time to go win a soul. Don't go bury your life in your own ideas, your own your own will." And then at my coming, I should have received my own with us. In other words, I would have got something more out of it. Take therefore the talent from him, and give it unto him that had 10 talents. And for unto everyone that have shall be given, and he that have an abundance, and he shall have an abundance, but from him that have not shall be taken away even that which he had. Now think about that. Everybody that ends up going to hell, let's just say there's more people that goes to hell than heaven, right? We know that. So what was happen? What happened to them? It their life was taken away from them. He doesn't say to those that go to hell, enter into the joys of the Lord. You you had your chance. You didn't want to serve me. Okay, you're not serving me. But to those who made a choice, I want to live for God. I want my life to be pleasing to God. It's to those he says, "Enter in to the joy of the Lord and cast ye the unprofitable servant into outer darkness. There shall be weeping and nashing of teeth." We don't want to go through tribulation, do we not? We must remember that we are not only guests to the wedding supper that we've been called to, but we're servants. We're servants that have been given a responsibility to bring in and we got to give an account for our stewardship what we have gained by trading our time in our life to win another soul for God. Jesus said, "And behold, I come quickly and my reward is with me to give every man according to his work shall be. He that believeth on me, the works I do shall he do also." We need to consider the end of one another's conversation or one another's behavior. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. So, let's be the same. Some of us need to grow up and learn how to live a consistent life. Be the same person all the time. Don't be this way one way, this way another way. Be the same. Be dependable. Whoever you are, be that. Even brother Brandham said, "If you're going to be a bum, be the best bum you could be. Someone that people can rely on." You know, sometime, you know, there are people if you talk to them one day, they're nice. You talk to them again, they're going to bite your head off. that that is not the same. That's not what God's calling us to. If God is the same yesterday, today, and forever, we know it. Malachi 3:6 says, "For I am the Lord, and I change not." That's right. God is faithful. Lamentations 3:23, God great is thy faithfulness. We know God is faithful. and you claim that he lives inside of you, then you should be consistent in all your behavior. Amen. Look, I can't hold you accountable. I can only hold myself accountable. Only you can hold yourself accountable. You will hold yourself accountable if you want to be like Jesus. And if you just think, well, God saved me. He went to the cross. I'm saved. That's all that matters to me. then you're not interested in being like Jesus and you will not hold yourself accountable. But I say to the bride, we got to grow up. To the bride, I say, grow up. Amen. We have to grow up. We need to handle life the way God would handle it. We need to learn to be dependable. Learn to be faithful. No need to fly off the handle. No need to get upset. Let everyone around you know how unhappy you are. We don't need to do that. First Corinthians 1:9 says, "God is faithful." 1 Thessalonians 5:24, "Faithful is he that calleth you who also will do it." When God is addressing the entire Leodysian church age, he said unto the angel, speaking to the to the prophet here, unto the angel of the church of Leodysia, these things saith the amen, the faithful and the true witness, the beginning of the creation of God. We might say that Jesus Christ is the same from the beginning of the creation till now. He's the same. He hasn't changed. That means we can have confidence when we go before him. He's going to be the same. Amen. 1 Corinthians 10:12 says, "Wherefore let him that thinkketh he stand take heed lest he fall. There have no temptation taken you, but such is common to man. But God is faithful, who will not suffer you to be tempted above that you're able, but with the temptation also make a way of escape that you may be able to bear it. So anytime you think you can't handle what's going on, remember God is faithful. God isn't I don't care. I want to put No, God is faithful. So if we feel that we can't bear it, we're going to fall into the temptation of saying that we can't handle it. Amen. 2 Thessalonians 3:3 tells us, "But the Lord is faithful, who will establish you and keep you from evil." Lord is faithful when the beast and the kings of the earth uh shall make rule. You can find this in Revelation 17:14. Shall make rule uh make war with the lamb and the lamb shall overcome them. For he is the Lord of Lord, the King of Kings, and they that are with him are called, chosen, and faithful. We've got to get faithful if we're going to be overcomers. We can't just say we're an overcomer because we go to church or the message. So, we got to we got to learn in ourselves what it means to be faithful. What does it mean? What does it mean to be faithful? And I I I think God is always calling us to be more than what we think it is. I believe that. Amen. We must learn to be the same as God. Faithful. If God is faithful, God living in us will be faithful. If God is the same yesterday, today, and forever, and dependable, then God living inside of us is going to be dependable. Right? We've got to learn to be dependable with our behavior. We can't just, well, this is how we act in church. We act like Christians. And then when we're at home, we can just say what we want to say. Act how we want to act, get upset, be bothered, and feel it's okay. That is saying what you're saying that your life is saying that God is not the same. You're allowing the devil inside of you to mock God. It's that serious because you're calling yourself a believer and that the Holy Ghost is in you. If he's in you, hold yourself accountable. Be the same. Be faithful. Amen. You'll find out whether you're faithful. You're the same when you get under hot water. The works I do shall you do also. I can do all things through Christ who strengthenth me. Jesus praying here that we would be the same as him in John 17 verse 20. Neither pray I for these alone, but for them also which shall believe on me through their word. So that's for us now. That they all may be one. That's the same that they all may be one as thou father art in me and I in thee. Remember our opening scripture there, not our opening but the one right after about Philillip saying when you when Jesus when you've seen me you've seen the father right that they all may be one as thou uh as thou father art in me and I in thee that they also may be one in us that the world may believe that thou has sent me and the glory which thou has gavest me I have given them that they may be one Even as we are one, we are one. We are the same. There's a difference between being a part of something and being one with someone. First John 5:6. I want to throw this in. 1 John 5:6. This I know I'm going a lot of fa kind of fast with this but that's kind of how I am sometimes. This is he that that came by water and blood even Jesus Christ not by water only but by water and blood. So the word or Christ came through the flesh and it is the spirit that beareth witness because the spirit is truth. For there are three that bear record in heaven. The father, the word which is which is Christ. But in this aspect, it is the word part, not the flesh part, but the word part. The word was in the beginning. The father, the word, and the holy ghost. And these three are one. They're the same. Amen. They're absolutely the same. Amen. And there are three that bear witness in heaven. The spirit which dwelt in the flesh and the water and the blood. Now that is the flesh. Notice. And these three agree in one. They're not the one. They agree in one. So there's a difference between being one with God, being the same as God, and just being a part of. Are you with me? Romans 8:29. For whom he did forno, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son, that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. There's many that are going to be the same. We've been predestinated to be that. First John 3:2, beloved, now are we the sons of God, and it does not yet appear what we shall be, but we know that when he shall appear, we shall be what? like him, right? The same. For we're going to see him as he is. And every man that has this hope inside, he's purifying himself. He's making sure he's learning to be faithful. Amen. Amen. Just a few scriptures. Proverbs 11:13. I have to skip some because I don't want to be late here. We're We're winding down. Proverbs. We could go to Proverbs there. You know, I'm starting to get a little sweaty. A tail bearer revealth secrets. But he that is of a faithful spirit concealth the matter. When you have the urge that you want to tell something about somebody, I'm going to tell you right now, that is not a faithful spirit. And if we're going to learn to be faithful, we might as well learn what the scripture says we need to do. If you know a situation about somebody, zip it. Zip the lip. That's good. Learn to just keep it to yourself because soon as you start talking about it, well, I just want to confide something in you. No, you don't. You're looking to get it out. And I just want to bring you back to this scripture. God is calling us to be a faithful spirit. Amen. Amen. Look at Proverbs 13:17. A wicked messenger fallth into mischief. A wicked messenger fallth into mischief. But a faithful ambassador is health. In other words, he gets the job done. He just carries it out. If he's got to conceal it, he's going to conceal it. Proverbs 26. See, we got some blowing the horns. They love the word, right? Proverbs 20:6, most men will proclaim everyone his own goodness, but a faithful man. Who can find who can find a faithful man? I'm going to tell you what, a faithful man is not a man who claims his own his own goodness. He just doesn't He doesn't proclaim his own goodness. Proverbs 28:20, "A faithful man shall abound with blessings." Oh, I love that. But he that maketh haste to be rich shall not be innocent. A faithful man shall abound with blessings. All right. Matthew 24, we're getting ready to close here. Therefore, Matthew 24:44, therefore, be ye also ready, for in such an hour that you think not the Son of Man cometh, who then is a faithful and a wise servant, whom his Lord hath made him ruler over his household to give them meat in due season. And I want to say this to the heads of the home, to the heads of the children, to the moms and dads. God wants us to make sure that we're giving our children spiritual meat in due season. Something to get them ready so they're going to be ready when God comes. We can't expect them to be ready on their own. We've got to make them ready. We've got to tell them this is what we need to do. And it's the same thing for the ministry here. The ministry has to give us spiritual meat in due season. And we got to keep on keeping on getting ready. That's why we believe in a five-fold ministry. Blessed is that servant whom his lord when he cometh shall find so doing. So that's who a faithful and a wise servant is. All right. Luke 16:10. Maybe we'll end with this. And you know what? And maybe we won't. No, we'll try to end with this. Luke 16:10. But I want one more quote. I want to read one more quote at least. Luke 16:10 Jesus speaking, "He that is faithful in that which is least is faithful also in much. And he that is unjust in least is unjust in much. If therefore ye have been if you not been faithful in the unrighteous mammon, who shall commit to you the trust of true riches?" And he that has not been faithful. And if you have not been faithful in that which is belongs to another man, who shall give you that which is your own. So I want to say this, faithfulness is just a choice of being. It's not how much you got to do. Don't never say, "Well, if I didn't have all this to do, you know, I we used to I don't know who it was, uh I don't know if it was Brother Johnson or one of the deacons at the church there that we went to. I don't know but someone had said if you need something done give it to the busiest person because they know how to get things done. So it's not about how much we got to do whether we're going to be faithful or not. It's a choice that we make. And if you learn to be faithful in just a little things and you'll learn to be faithful in all your life. God is calling us to be the same yesterday, today, and forever with him. In the message, believest thou this, and I'm going to end with this. Jesus said in John, I believe, the 15th chapter, he said, "I am the vine, you are the branches." Well, now if that vine put forth the first branch and out of that branch wrote a book of Acts, the second branch will make another book of Acts. The third branch will make another book of Acts. And every branch that comes out of that vine will be the same as the first branch was. Amen. Let's stand together. God is the same yesterday, today, and forever. God bless you for your patience today in this message of being faithfully the same. Amen. And let's just I know we don't have any music, but let's just go ahead and just sing this chorus to be like Jesus.
