################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-06 - 7.6.25 - Walking Into The Light - John Martin - John Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-06
Title:   7.6.25 - Walking Into The Light - John Martin
Speaker: John Martin
Church:  Send The Light Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aRCo-hjUNEk
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. You're away. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Are you where are you? Heat. Heat. What God can do, what he's done for others, he'll do for you. With arms wide open, he'll pardon you. It is no secret what God can do. It is no secret what God can do. What he's done for others, he'll do for you. With arms wide open, he'll pardon you. It is no secret what God can do. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. We are grateful to have brother Ferguson and Sister Miriam and honored to have Miriam's mom, Sister Chi-Chi, who've well, I've known Sister Chi-Chi for a long time and Miriam and Fergus, but we are grateful to have them here this morning. Ask Mother Ferguson if he'll just open in a word of prayer. Amen. You may be seated. Lord, Lord, you've surely been good to me. Amen. Lord, Lord, Lord, you've surely been good to me. Lord, Lord, Lord, you've surely been good to me. Lord, Lord, Lord, you've surely been good to me. You have done what this world could not do. You filled me with the Holy Ghost. You've surely been good to me. You filled me with the Holy Ghost. You've surely been good to me. You filled me with the Holy Ghost. You've surely been good to me. You have done what this world could not do. You've he was sick. You surely been good to me. You healed my body when I was sick. You've surely been good to me. You healed my body when I was sick. You surely been good to me. You have done what this world could not do. Lord, Lord, Lord, you've surely been good to me. Lord, Lord, Lord, you've surely been good to me. Lord, Lord, Lord, you've surely been good to me. You have done what this world could not do. Lord, Lord, Lord, you've surely been good to me. Lord, Lord, Lord, you've surely been good to me. Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. You have done what this world could not do. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. White as snow. Amen. Aren't you glad for that? Amen. White as snow, white as snow, though my sins were as scarlet. Lord, I know. Lord, I know that I'm clean and forgiven for the power of your blood. Through the wonder of your love, though in you I know that I can be white as snow, white as snow, white as snow, though my sins were as scarlet, Lord Lord, I know. Lord, I know that I'm clean and forgiven through the power of your blood. Through the wonder of your love, through faith in you, I know that I can be. White as snow. White as snow. White as snow. Though my sins were as scarlet. Lord, I know. Lord, I know that I'm clean and forgiven through the power of your blood. Through the wonder of your love, through faith in you, I know that I can be, white as snow. Amen. Amen. Jesus, I'm dependent on you. Amen. Cuz I can't I can't do it myself. Jesus, I'm depending on you. Jesus, I'm depending on you. Jesus, I'm depending on you. Depending on you to see me through. Jesus, we're depending on you, Jesus. We're depending on you, Jesus. We're depending on you, depending on you to see us through. Jesus, I'm depending on you. Jesus, I'm depending on you. Jesus, I'm depending on you. Depending on you to see me through. Amen. Amen. Our God reigns. Amen. Aren't you glad for that? Amen. Our lovely are the mountains are the feet of him who brings good news. Good news. Announcing peace, proclaiming news of happiness. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. [Applause] Our God reigns. He had no stately form. He had no majesty that we should be drawn to him. He was despised and we took no account of him yet reign with the most high. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. [Music] Our God reigns. [Applause] It was our sin and guilt that Drake and wounded him. It was our sins that brought him down. When we like sheep had gone astray, our shepher came and on his shoulders for our shame. Praise the Lord. Amen. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. [Applause] Our God reigns. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. Out from the tomb, he rose with grace and majesty. He is alive. He is alive. God loves us so we hear his hands, his feet, his side. Yes, we know that he's alive. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. [Music] Our God reigns. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. Praise you Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Great you are. Amen. Amen. Amen. He's worthy of our praise. Amen. Praise the Lord this morning as we take up our prayer requests. We want to remember um a neighbor of Sister Linda Beckman's my neighbor's nephew uh David was seriously injured in a driving accident. He is 17. So I just pray that God will move on that. Amen. Also, brother John said, "Please pray for Ken Kaine for lymphic cancer." That's pretty much very scary death sentence, but our God reigns. Amen. He reigns over all these things. Amen. So, we're grateful for that this morning. I remember Sister Elizabeth Murphy and brother Bill Bailey and Sharon Lefontaine that God will just touch their bodies, increase their faith, just bless them. Let's remember those that are in We still have lots of problems. There's believers in Ukraine and Russia and in Israel that God will just watch over them and keep them safe. Amen. So, let's all stand together. Just join our voices. Amen. Dear Lord Jesus, thankful for that. We're grateful that you know the end. You know our disappointments, Father. You know, Jesus bless you yourself. Lord Jesus reveal this neighbor that was in this car Lord Jesus touch Lord Jesus trouble Father Jesus in Russia remember the believers Father in Texas Lord Jesus these young children Lord been washed Father, Lord, comfort the fathers, the mothers, Lord Jesus. Lord, I pray that you're justless. Father, we pray for sisterless. Lord Jesus, we love the missionaries. And may you speak to every unspoken Father, you may be seated. Praise the Lord. I remembered when my burdens rolled away. Amen. I remember when my burdens rolled away. I had carried them for years, night and day. Then I sought the blessed Lord and I took him at his word. Then at once all my burdens rolled away, rolled away. Rolled away. I am happy since my burdens rolled away. Rolled away. Rolled away. I am happy since my burdens rolled away. I remember when my burdens rolled away that I feared would never leave night or day. Jesus showed to me the loss. So he took him to the cross. I was glad when my burdens rolled away. rolled away. Rolled away. I am happy since my burdens rolled away. Rolled away. Rolled away. I am happy. Since my burdens rolled away, I am singing. Since my burdens rolled away, there's a song within my heart night and day. I am living for my king. And with joy I shout and sing, hallelujah. All my burdens rolled away. Aren't you glad for that? Rolled away. Rolled away. I am happy since my burdens rolled away. Roll away. Rolled away. I am happy since my burdens. Roll away. Rolled away. Roll away. I am happy since my burdens rolled away. Rolled away. Roll away. I am happy since my burdens rolled away. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. I'm going ask brother Ferguson if he'd like to say, "Praise the Lord." Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Oh, I want to see him. Amen. Amen. As I journey through this land, singing as I go, pointing souls to Calvary to the crimson flow. Many arrows pierce my soul from withoutin. And my Lord leads me on. Through him I must win. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares all past ever to rejoice. When in service for my Lord, dark may be the night, but I cling more close to him. He will give me light. Satan tears maze backs my soul turn my thoughts aside but my Lord goes ahead leads whatever be kind. Oh I want to see him look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice my cares all passed. I'm home at last, ever to rejoice when in I look toward the mountain high. And behold, my savior there he's leading in the fire. With a tender hand outstretched toward the valley low, guiding me. I can see as I onward go. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. There to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares all past. I'm home at last. Ever to rejoice. When before me billows rise from the mighty deep. Then my Lord directs my heart. He us safely keep and he leads me gently on through this world below. He's a real friend to me. Oh, I love him so. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. There to sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares all past. I'm home at last, ever to rejoice. Oh, I want to see him look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory, let me lift my voice, my cares all past. I'm home at last, ever to rejoice. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's all stand together. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, we're also glad to have Jeannie Russell back. I don't want people to feel left out. Brother Roger, it's always good to see you. Any of you that's feel I feel left out. Brother Ben, praise the Lord. Sister Linda. Amen. God cares for all of us. I mean you I nobody quotes it very much. Brother Brandham sometime he got so down he said I nobody loves me. He'd get down he say nobody loves me nobody want nobody cares for me I you know so that can happen to him it can happen to us but we're grateful to be together today. Amen. Ask brother Jonathan if you'll just pray for the offering. Amen. blessing increase. Amen. You may be seated. Must Jesus bear the cross alone. Amen. Must Jesus bear the cross alone and all the world go free. No, there's a cross for everyone and there's a cross for me. The consecrated cross I'll bear till death shall set me free. and then go home my crown to wear for there's a crown for me upon the crystal pavement down at Jesus fears feet With joy I'll cast my golden crown at his dear name repeat. Oh preious cross, oh glorious crown, oh resurrection day. Ye angels from the stars come down and bear my soul away. [Music] [Applause] Must Jesus bear the cross alone and all the world go free. No, there's a cross for everyone and there's a cross for me. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing the salvation song. Amen. There is no satisfaction with what salvation. S A L P A T I O N. There is no satisfaction outside salvation. S A L V A T I O N. Drink it out loud and clear. S A L V A T I O N. Shout it out loud and clear. S A L V A T I O N. There is no satisfaction outside salvation. S A L V A T I O N. There is no satisfaction outside salvation. S A L P V A T I O N. Shout it out loud and clear. S A L V A T I O N. Shout it out loud and clear. S A L V A T I O N. Amen. Amen. Let's all stand together as brother John comes. Praise the Lord. Let's just sing Amazing Grace. Amen. Amazing [Music] grace, how sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me. [Applause] I once was lost, but now I'm found. was blind, but now I see. It was grace that taught my heart to fear and grace my fears really. [Applause] How precious did that grace appear. The hour our first believe. Through many dangers, and snares, I have already come. His grace hath brought me safe thus far. And grace will lead me home. When we've been there 10,000 years, bright shineing as the sun with no less days to sing God's praise than when we first begun. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. God bless you, brother. God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Amen. Let's give him a praise offering today. Praise you, Jesus. Praise you in your house today. Praise our God. [Applause] Amen. You may be seated for a moment. God bless you. So good to see some faces here that we haven't seen in a while. Amen. Good to have them back. Amen. Especially, it's good to see the Ferguson family back. Amen. We we have a a baby dedication. We thought we would do that now. And uh we're grateful that God has brought Gibbosi Azeriah Ferguson into the world. Amen. Amen. And and and what an honor and what an honor to give back to the Lord. Amen. um what God has given them. Amen. Let's pray. Oh. Oh, this. He's not the same color. Daddy. I've never seen him before. All right, let's pray. Our heavenly father, Lord, we love you this morning for your goodness to brother Ferguson, sister Mary, and the family. Lord, we thank you for this healthy bundle of joy. Lord, oh God, we're unworthy to hold this that you have created, Lord, perfect, innocent. And Lord, they as your your children, Lord, want to give back to you what you have given them. And Lord Jesus, we want to dedicate this bundle of joy back to you, Lord. We know there'll be test and trials down the road. We know that sickness will come. And we pray, heavenly father, that as the parents will join together in prayer, that you would hear their prayers for this child. Amen. Lord, that you'd watch over all the days of its life, Lord. God that you would supply every need that that would come and Lord that you would bring glory and honor to yourself to this child. Lord, we give him to you for your protection. Build a hedge of protection upon him all the days of his life. Lord, we we thank you now in Jesus precious name. We ask all these things and give you glory for it. Amen. Amen. Amen. He's He's just, you know, he's just rejoicing in the only way he knows how. Amen. We're certainly thankful that God has kept his hand upon brother Ferguson and his family. And it's just what a joy it is to see him today in the house of the Lord. And as brother Bruce said also for sister Mary's mother Chi-Chi, God bless you for being here. Amen. With us. Well, if you would stand with me today for the reading of the word of God, um we will turn to the book of First John chapter 1. 1 John chapter 1. Um how is everybody's temperature? Okay, we we do have a schedule now for the AC. It's left on. So, we don't we don't need to turn the the furnaces off if we just keep them on. They should be on today. They were turned off. So, I apologize. I didn't know that. I would have got them turned on. In the back, our cry room, the window, I think, somehow broke. Um, I don't know when, but we think what had happened was that the the window was maybe put in a little bit too tight. as the wood with temperature, humidity, and that happens. It just uh tweaked it and and shattered. So, we got to get that fixed, but we apologize for that. We uh just in case something happens, I want everybody to stay in here. I don't mind a little bit of a little bit of crying with the kids and stuff. I want us to be together. I want us to hear the word, but the the TVs are out there if you you need to go. Even though we don't have a cryo room, we have a number of rooms. Uh I do want everybody to receive the message. I believe it's an important message today. Um what happens when you go on vacation is you you gain five pounds. You don't take your vitamins and you you have you have a lot of scriptures for the next service. And that's kind of what we got today. Amen. Before we begin reading, let's look to God in a word of prayer. Our heavenly father, we thank you that each one of us have been granted the privilege of being in your house today. Lord, that you watched over us to get here. You've given us health and strength to be here, that we could be together here as a family. And God, we just thank you for your presence in each side of uh your your bride here. And Lord, we're asking that you would help us today to be able to receive the word that you have for us, God. that we may grow. That we may grow as your word declares as calfs in the stall. That we may grow up to the stature of a perfect man. That we may be ready in that hour when you would call us home. Father, bless your people. Now, open the word to our hearts. Father, we ask that you would forgive us of our sins or trespasses, anything that has stood in the way of us walking where we need to walk with you. Lord, it's our desire to walk in the light as you're in the light. Pray now that you just take this word and bring the revelation that you would have for each and every one of us. We'll give you glory and honor now for these things in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. First John chapter 1 starting with verse number five. This then is the message which you have heard and de heard of him and declare unto you that God is light and in him is no darkness at all. If we say that we have fellowship with him and walk in darkness, we lie, do not the truth. But if we walk in the light as he is in the light, we have fellowship one with another. And the blood of Jesus Christ, his son, cleanses us from all sin. Amen. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. Um, everybody views a relationship with God uh not the same. If I could say like that, some feel if they've repented, they got baptized, they're saved, they got a relationship with God, nothing really matters after that. Some feels if they just um you know, they attend a church, they have a relationship with God. If some feel if God just uses them to do things, they have a relationship with God. So there's so many views about a relationship with God. And today we want to uh talk about walking in the light of the word. Amen. Because that shows where we're at in our relationship with God. How many is thankful for the message of grace that we heard on Wednesday? Amen. Amen. We're thankful for grace. How many had a a happy 4th of July? Amen. Independence from Great Britain. Of course, our independence day was Calvary Day. We were made free. We were liberated from the devil. Jesus said, "He, if the Son, therefore shall make you free, you shall be free indeed." Amen. Now, we have our independence away from the devil. We got our independence uh uh our our independence away from the devil. And our dependency is on God. Amen. We still have a dependency on God. He just didn't set us free to do whatever we wanted to do. When Jesus set us free, he didn't just purchase our salvation, but he purchased us. Amen. He purchased our lives. And we're, the Bible says we're in debtors to God now. Amen. 1 Corinthians 6:19 says, "What know you not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you, which ye have of God, and you are not your own?" You're not your own. Amen. How many times have you ever thought these thoughts? I don't have to listen to you. I don't belong to you. You can't tell me what to do. Well, we belong to God. Amen. The Bible says, "For you are bought with a price. Therefore, glorify God in your body and in your spirit, which are God." So, we've been bought. If we've been saved, we've been bought. That's right. God gave us our dependence from the devil, but our dependency is still on the Lord. And the Lord wants us to stay free, to remain free. Amen. Now, the Bible says, "If the son shall make you free, you shall be free indeed." But we need to understand that we at any time not be free. Galatians 5:1 says, "Stand fast, therefore, in the liberty wherewith Christ has made us free and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage." Amen. So, we have a warning here that even though we've been set free, we can entangle ourselves in the things of the world. On May 18th, 1786, just 10 years after the declaration of this great nation's independence, George Washington wrote these words in a letter. He said, "From the high ground on which we stood, from the plain path which invited our footsteps to be so fallen, so lost is really mortifying. But virtue, I fear, has in a great degree taken its departure from our land. Just 10 years. And virtue, that's our strength. You need strength to not get entangled again with the things that the devil wants us to get entangled with. So, we belong to God. He has set us free. And now God wants us to glorify him inside our bodies and in our spirits. And we can do that by walking in more light. New light. New light. Amen. To us. Yes. In other words, 1 Corinthians 10:12 says, "Wherefore, let him that thinkketh he stand take heed lest he fall. Wherefore let him that thinkketh he stand fast, he that standing fast in the liberty where Christ has made us free, take heed, lest he not entangle himself again with the yoke of bondage. Amen. So if this great nation could do it, we can do it as Christians. Yes, sir. God is light. The Bible tells us God is light and in him is no darkness at all. So before Edison discovered the light bulb, God was light. Before the lanterns carried oil and were lit, God was light. Before there was ever a candle, God was light. Before there was fireflies, even God was light. Amen. Before God created the sun, God was light. Amen. In fact, when we're in the new Jerusalem, God will be the light there. Revelations 22:5 says, "And there shall be no night there, neither shall neither no candle, neither light of the sun, for the Lord God giveth and light, and they shall reign forever and ever." Amen. Now, when brother Brandham saw the pillar of fire or the light of God, he described it as amber and color. How many remember that? Always described as amber in color. Ezekiel 1:27 says, "And I saw as the color of amber, as it as the appearance of fire round about within it, from the appearance of the laurens even upward, and from the appearance of the Lawrence even downward. And I saw as it were the appearance of fire, and the brightness round about." So this is God. Now, he's called the invisible God, but he can appear as a pillar of fire. Um, Exodus 13 21 says, "The Lord went before them by day in the pillar of cloud to lead them the way by night in the pillar of fire to give them light to go by day and night. And he took verse 22 says and he took not away the pillar of cloud by day nor the pillar of fire by night from before the people. Amen. W with this scripture I really believe the pillar of fire is here today. Amen. The prophet said wherever this message is preached you will find the pillar of fire there. Amen. Now, we may not be visible to our eyes, but he is here. And he's here to lead and guide us into all truth today. That this same pillar of fire is the same pillar of fire that met Paul on the road to Damascus. Acts 9:1 says, "And Saul yet breathing out threatenings and slaughters against the disciples of the Lord, went unto the high priest, and desired of him letters to Damascus to the synagogues, that if he that if he be found any of this way, whether they be men or women, he he might bring them bound unto Jerusalem." And as he journeyed, he came near Damascus. And suddenly there shined round about him a light from heaven. And he fell to the earth and heard a voice out of that light, saying, Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me? I believe the pillar of fire is here today speaking. But Jesus said, he that have ears to hear, let him hear what the spirit is saying to the church. The light from heaven was the same pillar of fire that led the children of Israel. See, God can that that that word light, it means to shine or to manifest. So, it's here and if God chooses to shine it or manifest it with these that we can see it with these eyes, we will see it. In fact, I don't have it right here, but everybody has seen the picture of the pillar of fire that's over the crest of brother Brandham's shoulder there. And he would see that often times in the audience. Amen. And uh it's uh it is the only picture that's ever supernatural picture that's been photographed of it. And uh what a privilege we are to to know that God is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. Now God is a spiritual light but he also made natural light when he made the sun and he said let there be light and there was light and God saw that the light was good and God what did he do? He divided the light from the darkness. He divided it. God is in the business of dividing spiritual light from spiritual darkness because God is light and in him there is no darkness at all. God doesn't want things to remain gray. I'll just say it like this. Gray is not God's favorite color. So God is continuously dividing or separating light from darkness. God separated Jamis and Jambers. God separated Abraham from his family. God separate Abraham from Lot. Joshua said, "Choose you this day whom you will serve." If God be God, serve him. Constantly separating. Matthew 10:34, Jesus speak and says, "Think not that I came, I come to send peace to the earth. I came not to send peace, but a sword." Amen. But a sword. I came to send this word. Amen. For I am come to set a man at variance or set a sunder against his father and the daughter against her mother and the daughter-in-law against the mother-in-law. And a man's foe shall be of his own household. And he that loveth father or mother more than me is not worthy of me. And he that loveth son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me. So God is bringing every one of us to the place, are we going to put God first in our life? Are we going to separate from everything to walk in the light of God's word or are we not? Jesus Christ is continually separating light from darkness. And he's calling us to walk into the light of the the light of God's word as he shines it. But listen to this. I want us to catch this. He is not shining it right here. He's shining it away from us. That's why we got to go walk in it. We have this mentality that we're always in the light and we get more light through knowledge and we get this revelation here. No, but God is shining the light over there and it's up to us to go walk in it to get over there and walk in it. So, in order for me to walk in that light, that means I am not in that light. and there's a darkness and I'm in and I'm not in that light. That's a humbling thought. But but if we get that, we'll be more willing we'll be more willing to walk where we need to walk. You know, some of us get so stuffed we've been in the message a little bit. We're saved. We're we're we're and and praise God for that. But God is trying to bring us into more light. And it is so simple. That is really the crutch of the message there. If we can catch this that God, we come to church, God speaks the word to us. That's and it it it it touches our heart that you know God is speaking to us. What we need to do is leave the doors and go walk in that light. That's right. Not just say amen to it, not just agree with it, but to walk in that light as he is in the light. And that's that's a real relationship with God. 2 Corinthians 6:14. You know, one day we're going to be just like him, but right now we're like him and we're not like him. You understand what I'm saying? So he's he's wanting us to separate from darkness. And the scripture says in 2 Corinthians 6:14, "Be not unequally yolked together with unbelievers." Someone who's not believing as the word teaches us to believe. Right? For what fellowship have righteousness with unrighteousness? What communion have light? What darkness? And what concord have Christ with bil? Or what part have he that believeth with an infidel? And you in this message, you will find all sorts of people, all sorts of beliefs. Well, I believe this, but I don't believe that. I believe this part of the word, but I don't believe that. And what they're doing when somebody is denying what the Holy Ghost wrote or what the Holy Ghost brought in this age, they're literally showing that they're in darkness and they don't know it. Now, they may be able to convince some of the people some of the time, but you're certainly not going to convince all the people all the time because there is a bride that knows that the message of the hour is the the light that we're supposed to be walking in. And what concord? Okay. And all right. Verse 16. And what agreement have the temple of God with idols? For ye are the temple of the living God. As God has said, I will dwell in them and walk in them, and I will be their God, and they shall be my people. Wherefore, what do we got to do? Wherefore, come out from among them. In other words, come out of the darkness. Can I hit this for a second? Okay. So, there's a this is kind of really bad because you still got light. So, there's a light here, right? God is shining a light, which means I'm not in it right now. So, come out of her and be not partakers, and I will receive you. You have to walk in the word that's being preached, in the word that you hear, in the messages that you're listening to. It's not a matter of coming to church and feeling satisfied that I came to church and I I was there and it was a good message and it's something to rejoice about. No, it that's not it. That's not the relationship. The relationship is to get in the light that he's preaching to us. We should be growing. So wherefore come out from among them and be separate, sayith the Lord, and touch not the thing unclean thing and I will receive you and I will be a father unto you. and you shall be my sons and daughters, saith the Lord. To me, that's a relationship. That's what a relationship is. Jesus said, I know thy works, speaking to the church age here, that thou art neither cold or hot, I would that you were cold or hot. So then, because thou art lukewarm, neither cold or hot, I would spew thee out of my mouth. God even he he is has, if I could say this, has more respect for some. He's just, I'm not going to serve God. I'm not even going to try. than for somebody to be act like it and they're not. And you know, I mean, you may be able to fool people who don't know. You may, but you're not going to fool the bride. You're not going to fool God. God doesn't do gray. This then is the message that we heard of him and declare unto you that God is light and in him is no darkness at all. Amen. So God, you can see God's desire for every one of us here is to walk more in the light than what we are. Amen. So the nature of God's light is to always be separating man from the darkness that he's in. And that's a humbling thought to think that actually that there's darkness in me. But you know, Brother Ram says we come to the church to find out where we're at with God, right? And if if we think that's just, you know, once in a blue moon or when we've had a bad day or no, I it's it's God has a vision to bring us into his image and he's predestinated us to be conformed to that image. And if we're going to be there on that day just like him, that means every day he's in the process of bringing us closer into that image into to a a light to where there's no darkness at all. 2 Timothy 3:16 says, "All scripture is given by the inspiration of God and is profitable for reproof, for correction, for instruction, in righteousness, that we, the man of God, may be perfect, entire, or thoroughly furnished unto all good works." Now, to me, I believe perfect is no darkness at all. It's it's all Christ now. That's what the scriptur is for. But you know Jesus said it like this to the people when he walked the earth. He says men love darkness rather than light. And we got to make a decision. Choose. We got to choose. Do we want light or do we want gray? Right? Do we want darkness or do we want light? So if we come to God's house to discover where we're at, then it's okay to be here sitting here with a humble heart saying, "I'm not sure where I'm at with God. You want to find favor with God. That's the attitude to have when you're in the house of God. Right there. First Peter 4:17 says, "For the time is come that judgment must begin at the house of God." "And if it first begin at us, what shall the end of them that obey not the gospel? And if the righteous scarcely be saved, where shall the ungodly and the sinner appear?" So, you know, truly the bride comes to church and they're when they come to church, they come with this attitude. They come with reverence. They come with the fear of God. They come with I want to be pleasing with God. They come to find out where they're at with God because that's how it's going to be on the day of judgment. They're going to be standing there. They're going to be being judged without mercy on the day of judgment. And it's a fearful thing to stand to fall in the hands of a living God. He's a consuming fire. Amen. But we the bride, we we reverence, we respect God's house. We respect the word. That is the it's it is the it is the headship of our lives. And we come into God's house with a reverence for the word. We believe the word. We don't just, you know, get out and in and out of the service and not paying attention and and sleeping and thinking about other things. No, because we're walking into the throne, the white throne. judgment for the bride is right here in the house of God. And she she takes the word that God gives them because it's being ministered with mercy. God brings the word with mercy. That's what happens right now. And that's why we don't stand at the white throne judgment over there. We sit with him on the throne. Amen. Praise God. How many's thankful for the grace of God today? Amen. But when the word of God is preached, its target is a sincere heart that will walk in the light. That's truly its target. But we do know as Jesus taught us that the word of God actually hits four different types of ground, right? Four different hearts. But God is looking for not just a hearer of the word, but a doer of the word. Amen. So when we come to church and learn where the light is shining, oh, he wants me to do that. He wants me to pray more. He wants me to spend time in the message. He wants me to reach out. Yes. He wants me to to to to love the brethren. Yes. He wants me to um to to to spend more time with him. He wants me to prepare before service. He wants me to come into church with more reverence, more fear. He wants to get rid of this thing in my life. So when we when he's shining that light away from us, we go walk in it. We go walk in it. That's the answer. We don't sit here and we like, well, yeah, I got the light. I'm, you know, I got all of God. Is that it? We got to come before God with reverence. Amen. with a sound mind that there's there's probably darkness in me. How many today before you came into the sanctuary went into the prayer room and said, "Lord, forgive me of my sins today. Cover me with your blood today." Because we knew that we're not perfectly white as snow. It's him that makes us white. But yet, we just can't just do what we want and plead the blood. No, they overcame not just by the blood of the lamb, but they they love not their lives to death. And they had a testimony that they walked in the light as he was in the light. The word. They walked in the word. All right. Nehemiah chapter 13. We're going to spend a little bit just time looking into Nema. How many's enjoying the message? Amen. Praise the Lord. Don't get too quiet. Nehemiah 13:1, on that day they read in the Bible, we say the book of Moses in the audience of the people. So this must have been in church, right? Amen. And therein was found written that the Amorites and the Moabitete should not come into the congregation of God forever. So they just read this because they met not the children of Israel with bread and with water, but hired Balam against them that he should curse them. How be it our God turned the curse into a blessing. Because God God knows how to do that, doesn't he? Right now. Look at verse three. Now it came to pass when they had heard the law that they separated from Israel all the mixed multitude. In other words, they read, the light was shining, and after they read, they did what the word told them to do. Amen. And that's just the simplicity of coming to church and hearing from God. We want God to do what we want for us. We want God to do this and take care of this and help with this. And God is a good God. He will. We want that. But the thing is, God also wants a relationship. If you Yes, I'm do that. I'm good to my enemies. But God says, "If you love me, keep my commandments." So there's a a two side here. And this is just an example, a simple example of coming to church, hearing the word of God, and then walking in it. And to me, it's a beautiful example. People just don't reverence God's house like they used to. Amen. People today have made church what they want it to be. They go to church today for all sorts of reasons, all sorts of motives. They want entertainment. They want to laugh. They want to feel good when they leave. But they're not laboring to enter into the rest which is in God's word. It seems like the last thing they want to do is walk in the light. Now, we have some scriptures that teach us how to actually conduct ourselves in the house of God. There's actually scriptures for that. It's in Nehemiah chapter 8. So, we're going to get a lesson what to do when you come into church. Amen. You ever like go to church for the first time, never been there, and you're like thinking, I wonder how how they do things here. I I wonder how it's going to be. This is odd. I'm not used to. So to me, this is the pattern for God's people right here that we're going to read. Nehemiah chapter 8 verse one. And all the people gathered themselves together as one man into the street. And there was before the Watergate, and they spake unto Ezra the scribe, to bring the book of the law of Moses, which the Lord had commanded to Israel. And Ezra the priest brought the law before the congregation, both of men and women, and all that could hear with understanding unto the first day of the seventh month. And he read therein before the street that was before the Watergate from the morning until midday before the men, the women, those that could understand. And the ears of all the people were attentive unto the book of law that were attentive. They were they were right there in church paying attention. They were attentive to what was being read. And Ezra the scribe stood upon a pulpit of wood which they had made for the purpose. And beside him stood, oh, Matia, Shima, and Annayiah. You know these names probably better than I do. And that was on the right hand. And then on the left hand were these others. So there was a there was a support group there. There was a support group there. And Ezra opened the book in the sight of all the people, for he was above all the people. And when he opened it, all the people stood up. Amen. And Ezra blessed the Lord, the great God. And all the people answered, "Amen." Amen. Amen. What with lifting up of their hands, and they bowed their heads, and they worshiped the Lord with their faces to the ground. You talk about humility. We can't even get us to sometimes praise the Lord. Amen. I'm telling you, we we are making church different than what it should be. We got to get back. Get back. And then all these people stood in their place. And verse eight says, "So they read in the book of the law of God distinctly and gave the sense and caused them to understand the reading." So that's why we come to church. We come to church to really find out where we're at with God. And he deserves to be praised with all of our heart. I don't believe it's ever I don't I look, you got the worship leader. He's up here and he's trying to lead. And it is our job in the congregation to get in the spirit, to get in sync, to be in a harmony. We're a symphony. and to get in the harmony with with worship and praise and and not I don't feel like it and I just you know you got to get me there. No. No. You know what you're doing? You're you're putting your nose up to God. God deserves your best before you enter into the sanctuary. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Nehemiah chapter 9 verse one. Now in the 20th and fourth day of the month, the children of Israel were assembled together fasting with sackcloth and upon and earth upon them. And the seed of Israel separated themselves from all strangers and stood and confessed their sins and their iniquities of their fathers. How beautiful this is. And they stood up in their place and read the book of the law of the Lord their God one/4th part of the day. and another four part of the day they confessed and worshiped the Lord their God. Then stood up upon the stairs of the the Levites, these men, and they cried with a loud voice unto the Lord their God. And the Levites and these men uh said, "Stand up and bless the Lord your God forever and ever. And blessed blessed be thy glorious name which is exalted above all blessings." exalted above all blessings and praise. Amen. Isn't that beautiful? Amen. I mean, I I believe we should come the house with this in mind. I come here for God. I come here for God. It's God and me. As you can see where brother Brandon said so many times, we don't come here to fellowship with one another. It's it's a we need to like so often we see one another, we want to connect with one another. It's been a while and that is important, but you know, to me, what's the most important things? It should be on your heart and mind. I want to I want to receive from God. I've been praying all week. I've been thinking about I just want I want to hear from God. I I want to find out where I'm really at with God. Amen. Yes. Now, Isaiah said, "Behold, the Lord's hand is not shortened that it cannot save, neither is it heavy that it cannot hear, but your iniquities has separated between you and your God, and your sins have hid his face from you that you will not hear." H. So we see that there could be things even in our life that could separate us from a closer fellowship with God. Amen. So we want to define for just a moment how God is shining around us or if I could say it like this away from us. If we're going to walk in the light, I just want you to imagine, okay, you you come, do you remember the old church? Some of us been at the old church. The lighting wasn't real good there. And and sometimes uh here uh the light's pretty good here, but you know the difference between walking in darkness and where the light is at, right? Big difference. We've been in parking lot, supermarkets, and all types of things where there's lighting and where the light was there. It was brighter and you could see better. And sometimes you want to park where there's a light, right? Amen. The point I'm trying to make is when you are looking and there's a light there that is shining brighter than where you're at, you have to confess that you're not in that light. You have to confess it. You're not there. And and and and so now you're like, "Oh yeah, there's a light there. I want to get there." So naturally, you do. Well, spiritually, it has to be the same way. When we come to the house of God, we have to recognize that there is darkness that we're walking in. And God is calling us to the light of his word. So, he's letting us know where he's at, where he wants us to be, and where to start walking towards. Draw a nigh to me, and I'll draw nigh to you. It's it's all part of the process. It's not coming to church learning about God in our head and feel that we are a little closer to God because we're learning. It's not about that. It learning is just going to puff you up. That's what knowledge does. But I'm telling you, a relationship is you're just sincere. You mean business and you're ready to start getting closer to God. And we can't expect God to do everything. To me, it's the grace of God that he just tells us where we're at. It's the grace of God that he just tells us Paul told Timothy, "Nevertheless, the foundation of God stand sure having this seal. The Lord knoweth them that are his, and let everyone that nameth the name of Christ depart from iniquity." So, in other words, you've got to get out of the darkness and walk into the light. Everyone that says, "Yeah, I belong to God. I'm a Christian. Everyone that nameth the name of Christ, right? Many will come to me in that day say, "Lord, Lord, didn't I do this and do that and do that?" You know, I I thought I was going in the rapture, but decided not to really have a relationship. Now, a relationship with God is truly not just in the mindset, well, I I I I'm I'm separating from iniquity, but it's the it's the mindset of I'm going to walk in the light in a sincere way. I'm going to be sincere with God. And I I believe we're all in the same boat. We all have the same challenge that is there something Lord inside of me that you want me to separate from? Is there is there somewhere the light is shining around me that you want me to walk in? Amen. So God is always separating a spiritual darkness from his bride. So as God shines light away from you, he's calling you. Actually, what he's doing, okay, so brother Brand me had say, see the light, it's over there. It's above him or the light's over there. See it now. You can't. It's just he was pointing where Christ was at where the light was. And when he, the spirit of truth, will come, he will lead and guide you into all truth. So how does he do that? He shines the light where he wants you to go, right? to stay here and say, "Well, I'm okay here. I'm a good Christian. I've been baptized. You know, I'm in the message." That's not the relationship that he has with his bride. But it is something that the devil is concocting. And and what we got to realize, it's okay if we come to church and we hear something that kind of pricks our heart, pricks our conscience. It's good. That's the way it should be. We don't want to come to church and just have a good time. We just don't want to always feel good. To me, it's a good feeling to know that God is calling me higher. I want to be higher. I want to be closer. Now, there's benefits of walking in the light. And scripture says that the blood of Christ stays intact. In other words, we can't do what we want to do and just keep saying, "Yeah, I God, cover me with your blood and expect to make it." Then there would be no word that tells us to walk in the light. Right? So if we walk in the light, then the blood of Jesus Christ cleanses us from all sin. Amen. So it's real important to walk in the word. The benefits of walking in the light is it keeps the token applied. That's right. It keeps the token applied to your life, to your family. Yes. And our fellowship with God remains unbroken. You know, a lot of times people, they just don't care about their relationship with God. They're just interested in God blessing them, God helping them, or yeah, I I want, you know, this brother to help me, this sister to help me, this husband to help me, this wife to help me. But they're not thinking about relationship. They're not thinking two ways. They're just thinking one way. And that's why Jesus said, "All that ever come before me are thieves and robbers." But God is looking for a relationship. And and to me it's like this. If if you don't want to have a relationship, this is God's message. I would rather have you cold. You might as well go and enjoy the world. Enjoy it. You know, Brother Joe Ward says a number of times, the most miserable thing is a a Christian who's half in and half out. is the most miserable place to be living in. We got to remember who God is. Amen. God is light and in him is no darkness at all. We need to be careful about any light that is associated with gray. That's really good. So, I just want to get into this a little bit about Lucifer. Isaiah for uh 14:12 says, "How art thou fallen from heaven, oh Lucifer." Son of the morning. Now, son of the morning means dawn or early light. How are thou cut down from the ground as weakest the nations? Lucifer means morning star. It means brightness. It also means lightbearer and lightbringer. This is Lucifer. He was the anointed cheruban. The Bible says, "And I have made thee." So God made him the cheruban that was over. Brother Brandham said, "The right- hand man." We could say that Lucifer is a lightbearer, but in him is darkness. Catch that. He's a lightbearer, but in him is darkness, which creates gray. You understand? Not you can't depend on them. Lucifer was full of wisdom and full of beauty. Thou art the anointed cherub that coverth and I have set thee so. Lucifer was perfect in his ways from the day that thou was created till iniquary is found in him. And Ezekiel 28:17 says, "Thine heart was lifted up because of thy beauty." because of thy beauty. Thou has corrupted thy wisdom by reason of thy brightness. Lucifer was so bright. He had so much light. He carried so much light. He led the worship. He had so much. But this brightness literally corrupted him. Amen. So when we're out there getting these ideas and taking part of the word but not the other part of the word, taking part of the message but not the other part of the message, you do understand that Lucifer is a carrier. But in him there's some darkness. He brings a message. Well, you know, it's okay to do this but not do that. Didn't he tell the children of Israel, "Well, the men could go, but the women, they got to stay. The cattle got to stay. The children got to stay." He's always trying to get us to compromise. He brings some light to catch you. Oh, God does know that the day you eat, you'll be just like him. Amen. Carry some light. Brother Brandham said in the message the seal of the antichrist he says did you know that in heaven that the devil was God's right-hand man in the beginning that Lucifer the son of the morning was given power the right-hand man of almighty God was Lucifer the son of the morning the first God granted him almost co-workers with him he was a coworker partly equal with him only Satan could not create. Questions and answers 59. Brother Brandon says, "See Satan, the original archangel of God. He once was the greatest person in heaven outside of God. He was God's right-hand man in fellowship. He got all puffed up in his heart. And isn't that just the way the people is today? Let God just bless bless a fellow, put a little confidence in him, and he gets to be a knowit all. He gets to be he he's got to some organization. He's got to do something that's different. Why art thou fallen from heaven, oh Lucifer? God has a hard time trying to get somebody that he can deal with that can stay humble and meek and stay in the place until God calls him to do something. A man that God is blessed and he'll just keep himself a man and not an angel or God. And as soon as the man gets blessed and has a little something given to him, he wants to become a god. He wants to become an angel. He wants to become some great person. Oh, what? Oh, what I do, what me and me and mine and mine, all that. Said that's the wrong attitude. Amen. Said God is hunting for somebody who will who could he could bless and pour out the blessings. And the more he's blessed, the little the man becomes. The way up is down. And you'll never get more of God until you become nothing. You got to belittle yourself. Oh my. You've got to belittle yourself. Well, I'm telling you, that's what it means to humble yourself. You got to belittle yourself. He that will exalt himself, God will bring a base. And he that humble for God will exalt. You've got to get little before you can get big. And you'll never be big in your own self. You're only as big as God will be big in you. So Lucifer is on the earth today and he's trying to work in the church to accomplish the same person that he started before the foundation of the world. Now he's trying just like look, he's got power. He's got such power that he won a third of heaven over to him. I'm pretty sure he's got power to convince church members over to him. Now, what did he offer the angels? The same thing that he offers us. Your will to do what you want. Right? You don't got to read. You don't got to pray. You don't got to dedicate. You don't got to do all that. All you got to do is this, say this, and this and everything's okay. So, he's got power to do that. Lucifer still has brightness. He's still a lightbearer. He's still a lightbrer. The devil has the ability to bear light, but in him there's darkness. And when you see that, you're talking to somebody and they're trying to get you to compromise the word. The Bible says from such turn away, turn away because it will corrupt you. You got to the higher you raise your standard, the closer you'll get to God. Amen. And I'll say it like this. Though none go with me, still I'll follow. I'm okay if I'm not popular. I am okay with that. Because on that day when the rapture happens, popularity ain't going to get me in there. Friendship ain't going to get me in there. God's the only one that can get me in a rapture. God is light and in him is no darkness at all. Matthew 24:24 Jesus said, "For there shall rise false Christs and false prophets, false anointed ones," Brother Brandham said, "and false lights, and shall show great signs and wonders in so much as if it were possible, it shall deceive the very light." So, you understand that there's going to be enough light to get people's attention. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. This this must be the the real thing. But inside there's some darkness. Brother Abraham said the message Christ is the mystery of God revealed. And here is Lucifer at the job again today. And remember the antichrist is not communism. The antichrist is so close like the real thing to it deceive the very elect if it were possible. Jesus said one time in 1963 I heard as the date that there was a great train robbery and it was actually achieved by a fall flight. Some of you have heard the story. I'm sure there was like 15 men and the train passed uh through Lennington Bazard at 300 a.m. on August 8, 1963. And moments later, the driver, Jack Mills, saw a red signal ahead at the place called Sears Crossing. The signal was false. Notice the signal was false, but yet it caught the attention. A glove had been stuffed into the proper signal and the red light was activated by attaching a sixvolt battery. So there's on the train track you got green and red and it tells you green you're going keep going. The red says no you better stop. And they were a they were supposed to go through this but the the the the the train robbers said well we'll just put something to hide the green light. Put a sixvolt battery to the red one. It'll show and the train will stop. The 15 men in Oh the train stopped. The 15 men robbed the train. Yes. And it was by a false light. Amen. And and Satan has false lights and we need to be vigilant, be sober. The our our adversary, the devil, he's walking around seeking whom he may devour. It's a it's a it's a real thing. We know the the light of the devil bears the light that came from God because the Bible says that he made him that way. So, he carries a light that God gave him. But understand, it's perverted now. Amen. And that light is mixed with darkness. And sometimes it's bright and sometimes it's gray. And sometimes it's black. And only the elect of God will recognize it. Amen. You know, I was looking for a white tie and in my closet, I need to get some of these lights in my closet. That's what I need to do. I pulled out one of my ties and it looked white, but it wasn't quite white white. It was, I don't know, bone or off-white or whatever them those colors are, but it was just enough to where it looked white, but it wasn't white. And obviously if it was black I would have recognized that is not the tie I'm looking for today. So it's when it gets so close that it's hard to tell that's where you need to be in the spirit. That's where you need to be close with God. Amen. Because the devil will certainly try to trick you. First Kings 18:21 Elijah came unto the people and said, "How long will you halt between two opinions? If the Lord be God, follow him. If Baal, then follow him." And the people answered him, "Not a word." What is that? Come to church. Won't say amen. Won't say it like it is. How long you going to haul? Is the word the word? Is what we're preaching the truth or isn't it? We have two spirits. One there's there's no darkness at all. And the other one is a mixture of light and darkness. And sometimes we're halting between the two lights, two opinions, two attitudes. And we don't want to answer a word. God is choosing us to take a stand. We need to choose daily what light we're going to follow, what attitude we're going to have, what light we're going to step into. Are we going to be true blue or we just going to act like it? You know, we're good at acting. We're better at acting than living. Come on. We don't want to hurt somebody. We don't want to offend somebody. We want to give us excuses. Just be you. Be genuine. Let the chips fall where they're going to fall. Joshua 24:15 says, "And and if it seem evil unto you to serve the Lord, then choose you this day whom you serve, whether it's the gods of your fathers that served on the other side of the flood, or the gods of the Amorites in whose land you dwell, but for me in my house, we will serve the Lord." Joshua chose to walk in the light of God, right? He chose to make sure that his house was going to be walking as servants of God. And you don't just say, "Well, this is what we're going to do." Put the plaque up on the wall and say, "Oh, yeah. Yeah, we're Christians." Every day, we're going to be tempted. Devil's going to try to pull us away from serving all light to serve some light. Amen. and some darkness. Are you with me? So, we need to choose, make the choice to walk in the light as God is shining away from you. Jesus said, "I have many things to shine into your life. Many things I want to say to you, but you can't bear it now. How be it, when the Holy Spirit is come inside of you, he's going to do it. He's going to tell you because you can bear it. and he will guide you into all truth. Notice all truth. If you are in all truth, then you're in no darkness. Now, you got to remember this. If it's just here, all you got to do is have all the truth here, then you know what? Satan is going to make it because Satan has all the truth up here. He's got so much truth. He was preaching it to Jesus. It balam I mean it it's not the knowledge of the truth. It's the manifestation in flesh. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. For this was the son of manifested that he might destroy the works of the devil. And when Christ is manifested in your life, it'll destroy the the devil in your life. If it's the only thing that'll destroy the devil in your life is when you manifest Christ. The only thing you can't just say Jesus who Paul preaches amen. It's got to be for me in my house. Amen. Me in my house. John 8:31. And then Jesus said to those Jews which believed on him, "If you continue in my word," in other words, if you continue to walk in more light, more light, then you're my disciples indeed. Yes. We don't continue to walk in the old light. We don't keep getting baptized every week, right? We're not laying again the the foundation, right? We're walking in more light. then are you my disciples indeed and you shall know the truth and the truth shall make you free. That word means to to to deliver to liberate. Right? So stand fast therefore in the liberty where Christ has made us free. Preserve the freedom that Christ has given you and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage. Don't go back to that. Be not entangled again. Now, what that means, that word entangled, if you look it up in this Greek, it means to don't hold on to something. Don't hold on to something. Just let it go. Don't become ins snared. Don't keep a grudge. Don't have an urge to set something straight with somebody. Don't have a quarrel with someone. That includes the word of God. Amen. Thank go the word of God. Be not entangled again with what? The yoke of bondage. I I think we ought to be just like um walking around praising God because it's Satan's job to get you entangled. You you've been set free. your sins are forgiven, but then get entangled and then you don't got victory. Then it's hard to press in. It's hard to have a a good attitude, hard to come ex with it with expectation, hard to have faith because you're entangled again. And and only you can stand fast in the liberty where Christ has made you free. Ephesians 5 verse one, we're getting ready to close here. We had to do a baby dedication so we got a little bit more time this morning. Amen. We have certainly appreciate seeing brother Ferguson, his lovely family. I'll say from the bottom of my heart, from the bottom of the heart of the church, we have missed you. We have so missed you. Appreciate uh Brother Bruce and uh Brother Ron mentioning you in in prayer so often. Ephesians 5:1, "Be ye therefore followers of God as dear children, and walk in love, as Christ also have loved us, and given himself for us an offering and a sacrifice to God for a sweet smelling savor." And let no man deceive you with vain words. That means empty words, no substance, no meanings, can't count on it. Let no man deceive you with those words. For because of these things, because of these things, these vain words, cometh the wrath of God upon the children of disputes. Now, I'm sorry, I went to verse six. Okay, so there's a obviously a number of things that can deceive us. So, let no man deceive you with vain words. In other words, look at the life, right? Jesus said, "By their fruit you shall know them. For because of these things cometh the wrath of God." God who has it come upon children who do not walk in the light. Children of disobedience. He said, "Be not ye therefore partakers with them. For ye yourselves sometimes darkness, for ye were sometimes darkness, but now are ye light in the Lord." Can you say amen? So what do we do with that statement? Walk as children of light. You are light in Christ. Now walk in the light. Amen. Now, we don't just say, "I'm in the light." When if you as soon as you offend somebody, you do something wrong, you should just quickly say, "I'm sorry." It's walking in the light. It's walking in the light. You got to constantly walk in the light. We don't walk in the light. You know, the prophet taught us we don't walk in the light of a past age. He said, "We walk in the light of this age. There's new light that has come." Well, we're all doing something different. Like, if I could say it like this, somebody in this room is going to sin the most today after we leave here. And somebody is going to sin the less. But we all have to do one thing. We all have to say sorry. Mean it from our heart. Plead the blood of Christ and show our appreciation. How? By walking in the light. So as God shines that light and he says, "Okay, you shouldn't have said that. You shouldn't have acted like that. Quickly make that right. Don't let the sun go down upon your wrath. Make things right and walk in the light." Amen. Because God is calling us to walk in the light. Be not therefore partakers with him. For ye were sometimes darkness, but now are ye light in the Lord. Whereas walk as children of light. Verse 9. For the fruit of the spirit is in all goodness and righteousness, proving what is acceptable unto the Lord. Proving what is acceptable unto the Lord. Verse 11. And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness. But rather reprove them. Take a stand. Don't get entangled again. Take a stand. Let's drop down to verse 14. Wherefore he saith, "Awake thou that sleepest, and arise from the dead, and Christ shall give thee light." Notice that if you want light, wake up. Right? No. Brother Brandon said it like this. God is not a obligated to give you any more truth. until you walk in the truth that he's already given you. So you want more truth, then we we wake up. We wake up and we do what we know we should be doing first and then God will bring you up higher. God will give you more revelation. God will get you closer to him. Yeah. Yeah. We just got to have the attitude of walking in the light that he's given us before we can walk in new light. Verse 15, see then that you walk circumspectly, not as fools, but as wise, redeeming the time, because the days are evil. Wherefore be not unwise, but understanding what the will of the Lord is. And it is the will of God for us to walk in the light that God is shining over there away from us. Always understand when somebody comes to you and says, "Oh, you shouldn't have said. Why did you say this? Why? What's happening here?" Somebody's, you know, questioning you about what's going on. You know what that could be? That could be God speaking to you. Amen. And and and you were in darkness and God's trying to get you to walk in that light. And if you walk in the light, you'll meet God there because God is in his word. Let's stand together. God bless you. There's many examples in the Bible where people chose not to walk in the light. The rich young ruler chose not to walk in the light. The children of Israel, they decided not to continue to walk in the light. They came out of Egypt, they rejoiced, but they didn't continue to walk in the light. God is trying to lead us into a rapture. And we're not going to get to the rapture. We're not going to get to that until we take the next step. And the next step may be just be more faithful. Be more faithful. When God is shining the light away from you, that is him calling you to walk in the light where he is at. If we receive the knowledge of the word, remember that is the same light that Satan has. He has the He has the knowledge of the word. He has that light. But in him, it's made with darkness. Amen. But God's bride is light without darkness. Amen. That's Christ. Amen. How many How many loves the Lord today? I'm wondering if our um AC's not working. I'm wondering some of you that are always cold, you're probably rejoicing. Amen. Can we sing? We'll walk in the light. Walk in the light. All ye saints of light proclaim Jesus the light of the world. Life and mercy in his name. Jesus the light of the world will walk in the light. The beautiful light come where the dew drops of mercy are bright. Shine all around us by day and by night. Jesus the light of the world. Hear the Savior's earnest call. Jesus the light of the world. Send the goel truth to all. Jesus the light of the world. We'll give the light the beautiful light. Come where the dew drops of mercy are proud. Shine all around us by day and by night. Jesus the light of the world. Why not seek him then today? Jesus the light of the world. Go with truth the narrow way. Jesus the light of the world. We'll walk in the light, the beautiful light. Come where the dew drops of mercy are bright. Shine all around us by day and by night. Jesus the light of the world. Come confess him as your king. Jesus the light of the world. And the bells of heaven will ring. Jesus the light of the world will walk in the light. The beautiful lights come where the dew drops of mercy are bright. Shine all around us by day and by night. Jesus the light of the world. Amen. We have a north star. Amen. We have a light. We have a word to guide us to walk more closer to him. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's bow our heart in a word of prayer. Maybe there'd be someone today, every head bow, every eye closed. Maybe there'd be someone here today say, "Brother John, this word dealt with me today. I believe God is calling me to become more serious about walking into the light and not taking certain things for granted." and and you just want to accept his word today into your heart and you want to dedicate yourself to walking in the light of the word and you want to grow with Christ in this the light of what you heard today. You want to be remembered and purged. Just lift your hands. I want to pray with this group of people today. Amen. And God bless all these hands. How beautiful. How wonderful. Let's just let's just believe now. I believe that God is he's given us his word. You have responded to the word and I believe that God is going to do something for us. Amen. and our heavenly father. Lord, we come to you humbly as your prophet taught us as nothing knowing Lord it is you that opens our eyes to what light really is. And God today we have sincere hearts. We've lifted our hands. We've received the engrafted word which is able to save our souls. Then Lord, we want to walk in the light as you shine it a away from us to to to walk towards and to get into it to be where you want us to be. And when we're there, Lord, we know that light's going to shine again and and draw us to a higher, closer walk with you. Father, I pray for your bride here. I pray for every hand that was lifted, Lord, that you are calling close to you. I pray that you would give them grace to fulfill the very desires of their heart to walk with you, Lord. That you would give them strength to put aside the things that they need to put aside. They could say no to darkness. They could say yes to light. Lord, give every one of them keen eyes to recognize that the enemy when he comes with his light that it's mixed with darkness as you promised in your word that your elect would not be deceived. Lord, I pray bless each and every one. Father, may we be ready in that hour that's so soon approaching us. Lord, help us to take advantage of every time the doors are open, Lord, to forsake not the assembling of ourselves together, all the more as we see the day approaching, knowing, Lord, that this is the place, Lord, that you said that you'd meet your people in this area, Father. Lord, we thank you for this lighthouse. We thank you that you've that there is a place that we can come, that you're the message of the hours is preached, Lord, and that it is believed. and Lord that it is here to give light to the bride to make them ready for rapture. And I pray Lord that it could become stronger and that our whole lives could become brighter and that we could become brighter and brighter and that what darkness Lord is in our life would would leave us and Lord that we would become more like you in your image. Grant it Lord I pray you would bless your people now in the name of Jesus Christ. Bless them Lord. God for your prophets said it is the greatest thing that we could say to one another is God bless you. Lord in your name Lord we bless your people in your name today. Lord, we count this message today, Lord, a help, a blessing, a strength, Lord, a a an encouragement even to your people today, Father.
