################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-17 - 4.16.25 - Exercising Trust- John Martin - John Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-17
Title:    4.16.25 - Exercising Trust- John Martin
Speaker:  John Martin
Church:   Send The Light Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 37m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HV7GJYNv6kY
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] streams of Come Holy Spirit, let your fire fall. Peace like a river. Love like a mountain. The wind of your spirit is blowing everywhere. Hallelujah. You're like a fountain. Healing streams of love. Come Holy Spirit. Let your fire fall. Peace like a river. Love like a mountain. The wind of your spirit is blowing [Music] everywhere. Joy like a fountain. Healing streams of life. Come Holy Spirit. Let your fire fall. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I greet you in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, which is the one that can make that fire fall. Amen. How many wants that tonight? Amen. I think he wants to give it to you just as much as you want it. We just got to get in the get in the groove of God's groove. Amen. Amen. Well, let's just uh bow our heads for a moment of prayer. Amen. Dear heavenly father, Lord, we're so thankful that we can gather in your house tonight, Lord. That Lord, you've provided a a way. Lord, seems like you always provide a way, Lord. Sometimes uh it seems like it's hard to find, Lord God, when it's pain and suffering in our lives, Lord God, but you're always right there, Lord. Help us to, Lord, just grab on to that, not this suffering of this world and the things of it, Lord. Lord, we ask you now to just come into our hearts, Lord, as we offer them up aresh to you this afternoon that you might fill us with the Holy Ghost and we might draw be closer joined with you tonight in Jesus name. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Because he lives. Amen. Because he lives, I can face tomorrow because he lives. All fear is gone because I know. Yes, I know. He holds my future. And life is worth the living just because he lives. Because he lives. I can face [Applause] tomorrow. Because he lives. All fear is gone. Because I know, yes, I know he holds my future and life is worth the living just because he lives. Just think about your future in Christ. Because he lives, I can face tomorrow. Because he lives, all fear is gone. Because I know. Yes, I know. He holds my future. And life is worth the living just because he lives. Hallelujah. You may be seated. Amen. Hallelujah. Are you washed in the blood? Amen. Have you been to Jesus for a cleansing power? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Are you fully trusting in his grace this hour? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Are you washed in the blood? The soul cleansing blood of the lamb. Are your garments spotless? Are they white as snow? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Are you walking daily by the Savior's side? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Are you going to death to crucified? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Are you washed in the blood? In the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. Are you spotless? Are they white as snow? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? When the bridegroom cometh, will your robes be white? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Will your soul be ready for the manion bright and be washed in the blood of the lamb? Are you washed in the blood in the soul cleansing blood of the lamb? Are your garments spotless? Are they white as snow? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Lay aside that garment that are stained with sin. Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? There's a fountain flowing through the soul unclean. Oh, be washed in the blood of the lamb. Are you washed in the blood, in the soul cleansing blood of the lamb? Are your garments spotless? Are they white as snow? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Yes, I'm washed in the blood in the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. Yes, my garments are spotless. I are white as snow. Yes, I'm washed in the blood of the lamb. Are you washed in the blood? In the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. Are your garments spotless? Are they white as snow? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. I think that's a question we should ask ourselves. The fountain's always flowing. Sometimes we're not in it. So Lord, let us be in wash in the blood. Amen. Near. Uh draw me near. Amen. I am thine, oh Lord. I have heard thy voice and it told thy love to me. I long to rise in the arms of faith and be closer drawn to thee. Draw me near, nearer, blessed Lord, to the cross where thou hast died. Draw me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord, to thy precious bleeding side. Consecrate me now to thy service, Lord, by the power of grace divine. Let my soul look up with a steadfast hope and my will be lost in thine. Draw me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord, to the cross where thou has died. Draw me [Music] nearer, nearer, blessed Lord, to thy precious bleeding side. Oh the pure delight of a single hour that before thy throne I stand. When I kneel in prayer and with thee my God I commune as friend with friend. Draw me near, nearer, blessed Lord, to the cross where thou has died. Draw me near, nearer, blessed Lord, to thy precious bleeding sight. There are depths of love that I cannot know till I cross the narrow sea. There are heights of joy that I may not reach till I rest in peace with thee. Draw me [Music] nearer, nearer, blessed Lord, to the cross where thou has died. Draw me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord, to thy precious bleeding side. Oh grant it, Lord Jesus. Amen. How many wants God to make it real? Amen. Amen. I think when you get an envision uh envision him on the cross, it makes it real. The love that he has for you. Amen. Fill my way with love. Let me walk blessed Lord in the way thou has gone, leading straight to the land above. Give me cheer everywhere to the sad and the lone. Fill my way every day with love. Fill my day every day with love. As I walk with that heavenly dove, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Keep me close to the side of my Savior and guide. Let me never in darkness ro. Keep my path free from wrath and my soul satisfied. Fill my way every day with love. Fill my way every day with love. As I walk with that heavenly dove. Let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Soon a race will be and I'll travel no more, but abide in my home above. Hallelujah. Let me sing, oh bless the king, all the way to the shore. Fill my way every day with love. Fill my way every day with love. As I walk with that heavenly dove, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Fill my way every day with love. As I walk with that heavenly dove, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Fill my way every day with love. Amen. And he wants to do that, too. and he wants to do it to your neighbor and to your neighbor's neighbor and as far as off. Amen. Amen. Let's change the service and uh there's some needs before us. Amen. Our brother John, just please remember Ann who is uh fighting a bad cold. Uh she had to leave. So just remember her. Also, Cheryl has a bone spur that is causing a lot of pain for all those who are suffering in pain and affliction. Amen. For a coworker who has had a bad stomach flu bug and has been out of work. Uh so we just pray for that. Amen. For our brother Marty, uh he's got a respiratory uh infection and uh and his heels in bad pain, too. So, um I don't know what it is about this pain thing lately, but uh it seems like everybody's in pain. So, cherish your youth. That's all I can tell. But, uh hey, the Lord will see us through. That's that's all, you know, I'm I'm praising the Lord. I'm suffering with a sciatic for couple months now and um it's hard to see the end of the tunnel sometimes, you know, because it's kind of dark, but uh just keep praising the Lord and just think on him and sometime he always makes a way for you to get through it. So, uh, for those that are suffering with pain, I know it's not easy, but so let's just remember also our sister Jeannie had a steroid shot injection in her back. She is praying for a deliverance from her pain also. And uh, and Mike has an infection and needs uh, the healing, too. So, there's a lot of a lot of us that are in pain. So, um, the one thing about pain though, it it can kind of take your mind away from everything else. And that's the thing that I don't like about it because it inhibits the time with the Lord sometimes. It just it makes it hard to dwell on him sometimes. So pray for me and all those that asked for prayer tonight because you know I'm sure that they deal with deal with the same thing. So um let's just pray for them uh if nothing else that uh God would just speak to it to their hearts. Amen. Also we have a um a guest speaker our brother Daniel Darkco on Sunday April the 27th coming up. So, let's just remember that and prayer. Also, also all those that are uh not here tonight. There's uh quite a few, I think, that are missing for one reason or another. So, let's just remember them heart. Let's remember brother Dennis and uh all the boys that he's been bringing to the men's meeting. Uh seems like there's a a real good report there, a real good work that's uh been taking place. So, we're looking forward to uh Sunday. I think he's uh another another young boy is going to come to service, too. So, uh let's just be praying that the Lord would just use us uh like he he uses him. But, Brother Dennis isn't shy either. He goes right out there. And uh so, where where the Lord is at, there's liberty. Amen. So, let's just let's just stand. Does anybody have a need on their heart tonight? Just lift it. Lift it to God and because he knows all things. Amen. Let's just go in one accord. Dear heavenly father, Lord, as we come before you tonight, Lord, Lord, our prayers represented, Lord, by faith tonight, Lord God. Lord, we reach out through this suffering, this pain, the thing that these people are going through, Lord, our brothers, our sisters in Christ, Lord, and we look to you. You're the healer. You're the provider, Lord. You're the one that can, Lord, just make a way, Lord. And when it seems in pain like there is no other way, Lord God, but Lord, help us to focus on you, help us to just believe in in in what you've already going to do, Lord. For as this prayer goes out, Lord, in the name of Jesus, this tonight, Lord, we just pray that the healing goes with it. Oh Lord Jesus, we have confidence in Lord you. We have faith in you, Lord. That's why we're here tonight, Lord God, to receive what you have for us, Lord. Whatever that engrafted word would be for the hour, Lord, let us take it by our heart, Lord, and just oh, bring it in. And Lord, for it's an eternal word, Lord. Let us live on it, Lord, and walk in it as the light shine upon us, Lord. We thank you, Lord, for this opportunity, Lord. We pray for all those that have lost loved ones Lord because of cancer or what whatever was would be Lord. We just pray for their and then their soothing Lord be with them at this hour Lord. We thank you in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. May be seated. Amen. God is so good. Amen. God is so good. [Music] God is so good. God is so good. He's so good to me. God answers prayer. God answers prayer. God answers prayer. He's so good to me. I love him so I love him so I love him so he's so good to me. God is so good. God is so good. God is so good. He's so good to me. God answers prayer. That's why we're here. God answers prayer. God answers prayer. He's so good to me. I love him so. I love him so. I love him so. He's so good to me. [Music] Hallelujah. I hope he's good to you tonight. Hallelujah. Amen. I know the Lord will make a way for me. Do you know that tonight? Do you got that revelation? God will make a way for you. I know the Lord will make a way for me. I know the Lord will make a way for me. If I live a holy life, shun the wrong and do the right, I know the Lord will make a way for me. I know the Lord has laid his hand on me. [Music] I know the Lord has laid his hands on me. If I live a holy life, shun the wrong and do the right. I know the Lord has laid his hands on me. I know the Lord is coming back for me. Thank you, Jesus. I know the Lord is coming back for me. If I spend my life in prayer, I will meet him in the air. I know the Lord is coming back for me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let that be a revelation. And amen. Leave it there. Amen. If the world from you withholds all its silver and his gold and you have to get along with meager fair. Just remember in his word how he feeds a little bird. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. Leave it there. Leave it there. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. If your body suffers pain and your health you can't regain and your soul is almost sinking in despair. Jesus knows the pain you feel. He can save and he can heal. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. Oh, leave it there. Leave it there. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. If you trust and ever doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. When your enemies sail and your heart begins to fail, don't forget that God in heaven answers prayer. He will make a way for you and will lead you safely through. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. Leave it there. Leave it there. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. When your youthful days are gone and old age is filling out and your body bends beneath the weight of care, he will never leave you then. He'll go with you to the end. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. Leave it there. Leave it there. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. Leave it there. Leave it there. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Leave it there. I don't know about you, but sometimes I pick them back up, but they get too heavy and I got to lay them back down. So just trust me. Don't pick them back up. Amen. Don't do you no good. Amen. Let's just stand as we get ready to change order service. Brother Jonathan, can you uh pray for the offering? Yes. Amen. Amen. And as our brother comes to give us the word of God, let's just sing only trust and obey. There's only there's no other way. Amen. When we walk with the Lord in the light of his word, what a glory he sheds on our way. While we do his good will, he abides with us still and with all who will trust and oy. Trust and oy for there's no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust and oy. Not a shadow can rise, not a cloud in the skies, but a smile quickly drives it away. Not a doubt or a fear. Not a sigh or a tear can abide while we trust and oy. Trust and oy for there's no other way to be happy with Jesus but to trust and oy. Not a burden we bear, not a sorrow we share, or a toil he doth richly repay. Not a grief nor a loss, not a frown or a cross, but is blessed if we trust and oy. Trust and oy for there's no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust and oy. But we never can prove the delight of his love until all on the altar we lay. For the favor he shows and the joy he bestows are for them who will trust and oy. Trust and oy for there's no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust in for there's no other way. That's right. And what a perfect psalm because we want to kind of do like a part two on uh trust today from last Wednesday. What a what a perfect song. When it came out, I just just the Lord touched my heart. Amen. Because as a minister, you always want to make sure you're you have the right message and you want the Lord to be with you and the whole Bible is edifying, but you still want to be in sync with the Lord. Amen. Amen. Well, God bless you. Um let's turn in our our Bibles to Proverbs chapter 3. as you're turning there. Brother Marty wanted me to just read um to to the saints here so he could know so we all could know exactly how to pray for him. He he definitely wanted to be here and he's missed a lot of church and he feels bad about it. Um and now the enemy has attacked his body. Said please pray for my healing. I have a respiratory infection and coughing a lot. He's also coughing up a lot of mucus. Says, I also have much pain in my heel, the area connected to my Achilles tendon and I'm having a difficult time walking due to intense pain. He's going to an orthopedic doctor on Tuesday. So he covets your prayers and that God would just give them relief in in his body. Amen. Those of us that are are healthy enough to be here today, we're fortunate. A lot of lot of sickness uh going around. Amen. Amen. We're just going to read one verse here um in the book of Proverbs chapter 3 verse number five. and we'll have a word of prayer and have you be seated. The scripture says, "Trust in the Lord with all thine heart and lean not unto thy own understanding." Amen. Amen. Heavenly Father, we come to you with uh with comfort, just knowing that we have your unfailing word to look to. That there's nothing that's untrue of your word, but all of your word is yay and amen. And we take comfort tonight knowing that your word can bring us harmony and and and healing and and comfort and strength and leadership and all that we would have need of is contained in these scriptures. And Lord, we believe that you're teaching us to to trust you more that you could move more in our behalf in our lives. And we pray today that the word would become awakened to us, became become alive to us, and that we could walk more in the light of your word. Please bless this service, this part of the service. Please bless your word to our heart. May uh it be uh just a we be drawn closer to you by the revelation thereof. And we give you praise for these things in advance now in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless. You may be seated. Um I also want to say thank you very much to all those that uh to really to everybody that participated in some fashion form or way of uh making something for the potluck or um praying for the potluck and cleaning up and preparing. And there's a lot that goes into it. And I just appreciate everybody doing uh a part and what a blessing it is to everybody else. Um so God bless you for that and may we have many um many potlucks to come. Amen. Amen. Um here in this scripture, well this is a favorite scripture for actually I would think many saints. uh this scripture here. But let's start at verse one. It says, "My son, forget not my law, but let them keep let thine heart keep my commandments." So there's this um message going forth that you just can't forget the Bible. You can't forget the word. It needs to be part of your life. And if you do for length of days and long life and peace shall they add to thee. Amen. My they have a new law in in Michigan that has come out that uh if your company has more than 10 employees that um it is a law now that you have to give them uh paid sick days. And there's I think maybe only five states or something like that that this law has come into effect. And we are uh one of them. And I know a little bit about having a having a company. Uh and and just to think that our days would be lengthened and that we would have peace. Amen. By just not forgetting the word of God in our life and just keeping the commandments. He said, "Let not mercy and truth forsake thee." Of course, we all want mercy, but that's not what it's meaning. It means when you have a chance to be merciful to someone, let not mercy and truth forsake thee. Bind them upon thy neck, write them upon the tables of thine heart, and so shall thy find favor and good understanding in the sight of God and even man. So God has a way of blessing you for just keeping God with you. That he'll even make your enemies to be at peace with you. The Bible says in verse five, "Trust in the Lord with all thine heart and lean not to thy own understanding." So we see there is one or the other. There's one or the other. We're either going to lean to our own understanding or we're going to trust the Lord. And this is the temptation that we all have. And I want to entitle this message exercising trust. Exercising trust. We've all been taught in life to trust. We go to restaurants, we order a meal, we trust that the cook is going to prepare this meal in a fashion that we can eat it. We don't sit there and go through the food and put strips to it and find out and and make sure it don't have bacteria. We have a trust that you when we order a Big Mac, we're going to we're not going to get curly fries. We're going to get what we ordered. Of course, you know, there's times that we don't get what we ordered, but you me you understand what I'm saying? We have we've we've we've been taught in life to trust as just naturally speaking. We go to a gas station, we fill up our vehicles with gas, we are not worried that half of the liquid coming out of the pump is water. We believe it's gas and we trust it. We just automatically when the car gets on on low or it gets on E, we we go to the gas station. We fill it up. We just trust. Amen. We get in our vehicles trusting that they will take us to church. Amen. We just trust and we we actually learn to trust uh when we uh learn to walk, right? We we see daddy and mommy say, "Come on, come on, you can do it." And we learn to trust even when we fall. we get back up and and we we we we we learn to trust when we're when we learn to talk, when we learn to run, we we learn to to ride a bicycle. Amen. When we learn to drive, it it's it's scary, but we learn to trust. And and so trust is not some trusting is not something odd or foreign to us. It's something that is natural. And really we learn to trust God in the same way by exercising our trust in him. How many trust in the blood of Jesus Christ today? We just we trust it. The scripture says if we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness. There's a trust that we have that in the blood of Jesus Christ that he died for us. Right? How many trust in the mercy of God for their life? Amen. And and we trust in God's faithfulness. Lamentations 3:22 says, "It is the Lord's it is of the Lord's mercy that we are not consumed because of his compassions fail not. They are new every morning. Great is thy faithfulness." So God's mercy is there for us. His faithfulness is there for us. And we have learned to trust in it. Amen. How many trust that God loves you? We just we just don't question it. We don't we don't doubt it. Jeremiah 31:3 says, "The Lord have appeared of old unto me, saying, "Yay, I have loved thee with an everlasting love. Therefore, with loving kindness have I drawn thee." God loves us with a everlasting love. It's not a part-time love. It isn't. He only loves us when we're doing good. God loves us all the time. Amen. In fact, he loves us so much that when we're not doing good that um the love of God is um our brother Jonathan quoted it and for some reason it it scripped my mind, but as many as I love, I rebuke and chase. And he says, "So he corrects us in in in that love. So we learn to trust the love of God. We all have a certain foundation of trust with God or in God. Now all we need to do is learn to exercise that trust into a greater trust in our personal lives. Now these few things that we made mention are the very foundation if we don't trust in the blood of Jesus Christ that we cannot walk in in a confidence with God. and and and if we don't trust in his mercies are going to be new for us, then we we can't have that that confidence. And if we don't trust that God loves us, we can't have confidence. So, we've we've learn to trust these main pinnacle principle foundational beliefs as a Christian. But what I'm what's on my heart is that we learn to trust God in everything. Amen. In our in our lives, no matter what's going on in our lives, we need to learn to trust God in those things. And and the Bible says, "Trust in the Lord with all our heart and lean not to our own understanding." Amen. And a lot of times we get in situations that we maybe don't necessarily need the blood right now or we don't necessarily need his mercy right now or we don't necessarily need to lean on his love right now. And we try to take the situation in control leaning to our own understanding. And therefore we we are we're not exercising trust. We're just leaving that trust for certain things. And before you know it, there's many things that are happening in our life that we just we realize we're not trusting God. And so we need to learn to trust the word to trust the word of the prophet in this age. Amen. And God knows whether we're exercising trust in ourselves, which is leaning to your own understanding, or if we're exercising trust in the word. Non 17 says, "The Lord is good, a stronghold in the day of trouble, and he knoweth them that trust in him." So if he knows them that trust in him, he also knows them that do not trust in him. to those that are leaning to their own understanding, to those who are are trusting in their own abilities. And uh we know that Jesus talked a little bit about these with the Pharisees who trusted in themselves. So if we're trusting in ourselves, we're not trusting in God. If we're leaning to our own understanding, that means we're not exercising a trust in God's word. God knoweth them that trust him. Luke 18:9 picking this thought process up of how God knows the difference because I when God looks at us every day, he knows whether we're trusting in him or not. And he spake this parable unto certain which trusted in themselves that they were more righteous and they despise others. So at this point they that compare themselves with them with themselves are unwise. when we we begin to look at others who got a worse problem than us, then that makes puts us in a category where we're actually trusting in ourselves more. So, we never never want to do that. And he says here that two men went into a temple to pray and one of the a Pharisee and the other a publican. And the Pharisees stood and prayed within himself, God, I I I'm thankful that I'm not like the others. That's you got to be careful. We always want to give thanks, but we I don't think it would be good to give thanks that you're not like somebody. It would be better to say, "Lord, may you use me to help others." Right. Right. And because you don't want to be comparing it would be if you're going to compare, compare yourself with somebody who's walking like you need to be walking, right? something that be walk press towards the mark something in that direction not a backwards direction amen so I'm not like other men extortioners unjust adulterers or even as this public and I I even fast twice a week I give tithes of all that I possess which should be done correct should be done and uh the the publican standing a far off would not so much lift up his eyes unto heaven but smokeote his breast saying God be merciful to me a sinner. So he was looking for mercy, new mercy. He was looking for new mercy. The other one was not looking for mercy. Kind of felt maybe he didn't need it, right? Because he was comparing himself with somebody else. So he didn't ask for mercy. He says, "I tell you that this man went to his house justified rather than the other. For everyone that exaltth himself shall be abased, and he that humble himself shall be exalted. So we don't want to trust in herself. And God knows if we're trusting in him or trusting in ourselves. So this this Pharisee, he basically leaned to his own understanding. I can see by the life that's being lived by this man that is this is not acceptable to God. I therefore say, God, thank you that I'm not like them. We don't want to do that. As much as we are thankful for God's deliverance, we never want to thank him in the view of that. Amen. A lot of times we're tempted to lean to our understanding about situations that we hear. And Jesus talks about it here in Luke chapter 13 verse number one. There were present at that season some that told him of the Galileans whose blood Pilate had mingled with their sacrifices. And Jesus answering and said unto them, suppose ye, in other words, let's get into your understanding here. Suppose ye that the Galileans were sinners above all the Galileans because they suffered such things. In other words, there has to be a reason that this happened to them and not others. And Jesus says, I tell you, nay, but except you repent, you shall likewise perish. In other words, don't think like that. Don't lean to your own understanding why somebody's sick, why somebody's going through a trial, why this is happening, why that's happening to their family. What? Don't do that. Don't lean to your own understanding. Just we don't know. The only thing that we know is that we should take God's word and bind it in our around our neck and mercy and hold it in our heart and keep God's commandments. That's what we know. That's what the Bible says that we know. But we don't know what's happening out there. Or of those 18 upon whom the tower of shalom fell and slew them, think ye not that they were sinners above all the men that dwelt in Jerusalem, I tell you nay, but except you repent, ye shall all likewise perish. So we see here that what God wants us to do to just repent, trust in him, and that he will lead us, amen, into all truth. Now these are basically these scriptures are real life examples of battles that can transpire in our minds. And when we are trusting in oursel we're really not trusting in the word of God. Psalms chapter 2 verse 12 says and by the way if we don't say amen we're going to have a two-hour service today. I just want to make that real clear. And we need to like triple up the amens because we don't got as many people as we normally do here. We can't put it all on Brother Bruce. You know, Brother Bruce is he's a he's a wow. He's a wow. He just Amens's the word. And we just we need to amen amen the word. Amen. The Psalms 2:12 says, "Kiss the sun." Notice that's the s o n, not the su n. Kiss the son, lest he be angry, and ye perish from the way when his wrath is kindled, but a little. Blessed are all they that put their trust in him. Amen. Now, God is a God. That word kiss, it means to touch him or fasten up to him. God is a God that wants to be close with us. It means uh he wants us to that for his word to be important to us and to keep his word in our heart and to trust in him and not to lean to our own understanding. So we have a choice. When we lean to our own understanding, he's going to get angry because he's a jealous God. But when we when we come to him and we embrace him and say, "God, I'm not I'm not going to lean to my own understanding, but I'm just going to trust you even though I can't figure it out." That's when you're kissing the sun. That word trust means to flee for protection, to have hope, or to make refuge. And blessed are they that flee to him for protection. This is what Jonah did. We talked about that last Wednesday. God orchestrated a a situation to cause Jonah to flee to God instead of fleeing away from God because that's usually what we do when we're trusting in ourselves. We're we're we got I got this handled God. Jonah decided to kiss the son lest he be angry and perish because that's what was happening. Jonah decided to exercise trust in the Lord. Jonah decided to flee for protection and to make God his refuge. And what did God do? God blessed him for it. Even in his disobedience, he when he came to him instantly, God was there to deliver him. Amen. Blessed are all they that put their trust in him. I believe the more that we can exercise, I'm going to trust you, God. I'm going to trust your word. I'm going to trust what the prophet said about this subject. The more that we can do this, we'll see our lives will be blessed more than we could ever bless ourselves with all the other knowledge and money and whatever we could have. Amen. Because usually when we use our smarts to get blessed the way we want to get blessed, what happens is corruption comes after that. It's the truth. Amen. It's the truth. But you let God do it and God will keep it. Amen. That is the truth. We all need to kiss the son the more in our trials. So much more when we're going that's the time to kiss God is when we're in our trial. We need to exercise trust more in God's word while we're going through our trials. Not go through the trial, work it out, come back and and say, "Well, yeah, I trusted God." How I This is so This is a sure thing. We've all heard people fighting through their trials. When the trial was over, they they were testifying that they were trusting God. And to be honest with you, God will take us to the limit, right? Because he wants us to completely trust in him. And we we have all these stories in the Bible with the three Hebrew children and so many stories that that show that God takes us right to the end to see if we're really going to trust him. It's what he did with the children of Israel that was that came out of Egypt. He gave them chance after chance to prove to them, give them a chance to see whether they were going to trust God or not. And they murmured. They complained. They didn't put their heart into it. They were just they were going along with the flow. And yeah, God blessed them for 40 years. They they were fed. They had Blue Cross, Blue Shield, which I don't know. We have Blue Cross and Blue Shield. We still got to pay this big bill. I don't I I still don't get it. But I mean, they they were blessed beyond Blue Cross and Blue Shield. And yet at the end, God did not allow them to go into the promised land. So God can bless us in other ways and not spiritual ways. And we would much rather be blessed spiritually, right, than naturally. 1 Peter chapter 1:7 1 Peter chapter 1 vers7 says that the trial of your faith the very trial of your faith being much more precious than gold or anything in this world that perishes. though it be tried with fire, might be found unto praise and honor and glory at the appearing of Jesus Christ. So we could live in a mansion, we could have a a a gold uh driveway, we can have a gold door knobs, we can we can have so much gold that we could literally be looked at as the having the most gold in America. But the very fact that you're going through a trial tomorrow, God looks at that as more precious. The trial, the actual trial that you're going through because the trial is open. It gives opportunity for faith. Amen. And to me, when we're going through a trial, like when is this thing going to be over? Like why am I having to go? Why me, Lord? Why again? Why? But the trial and it doesn't matter if it's mental, physical, financial, it doesn't matter the trial. The very fact that there's a trial and you're in a spot of am I going to lean to my own understanding or am I going to look to God? That moment is much more precious than gold. If if you make the decision because the the scripture says might be found onto praise and honor and gloring glory at the appearing of Jesus Christ because if you lean to your own understanding it's not to God's praise. It's not to to to God's honor to God's glory because when you trust God today you're taking that with you when he comes. It doesn't stop. That stays with your character forever. I mean, if you look at uh David when he went to got Goliath, he still had with his character that he got the lion, that he got the bear in the past. Right. Right. It stayed with him. And every time you trust the Lord in little trials, every time you exercise a trust, that is staying with you till a rapture happens. And it is needed to build to build our faith is going to be tried. And I'll say it like this. This trial is more precious to God than it should be to us, right? We look at trials as, "Oh, why do I got to go through this?" And God's saying, "We got an opportunity to build some character here." Amen. And we need to look at things the way God does. Amen. It goes to show you that we're we're putting we're not having the right interest that God is having when we're feeling those things. But I want to say this, the scripture is saying is we're going to be tried with fire. God is going to take us to the limit of really being tried. And we've all gone through trials and just like totally failed and like I just totally missed that thing. And then we've gone through trials and we've had battles and we ended up trusting God at the end. We need God for every trial. We need God for every trial. Amen. If we have God for every trial, we would not lean to our own understanding. Amen. And Jesus said to the church in Leodysia, he said, "I counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire." Now gold represents the very life of God. Amen. The ark of the covenant was made out of wood representing humanity, but it was overlaid with gold representing God. The the ark of the covenant which represents the heart of man is overlaid with the life of God. And and and we cannot go through a trial without God and be an overcomer. Right? We'll lean to our own understanding. But the more of of the word of God that we can get in our heart and keep the commandments and hold to them and and and bind them around the neck and in other words, have the gold on the inside, have it on the outside, have gold everywhere. You've got the life of God when you're going through your trial. You'll be able to be an overcomer. Amen. The gold is what brings the power to overcome the devil. In other words, we don't have this. You know, the devil wants to what are you going to do now? What are you going to do now? Figure this out. What are you going to do right now? What about this? And he brings all this pressure on you. But the gold says, I'm trusting God. Amen. I don't need to figure anything out. I'm not the boss. He's the boss. I'm just trusting in him. It's so easy. It's so easy when you don't have to try to figure it out, right? and you just trust in him. The hour is here and the hour is coming that we're going to be tried to our very limits. So, we need to when things are not real bad, I'm telling you, we need to have this. We need to exercise a greater trust for God in our lives. Jesus said in John 16:33, "These things have I spoken unto you that you might have peace. In the world you shall have tribulation, but be of good cheer. I have overcome the world. Now I I when I would used I read this when I was not very spiritual at one time and not that I'm spiritual now. That was a bad way of saying that. But I as a young Christian, I remember reading this and I'd say, "Well, yeah, you had peace. You're you're you're you're God. You got you got peace and and and and and and every and you overcame but but how is that going to help me? How am I going to be cheerful about me? But what Jesus is saying here that if he is inside of me, I don't have to worry that I can be cheerful about the trial I'm going through because greater is he that's in me than he that's in this trial. And I and I can be full of joy. Count it all joy when you fall into diverse temptations. Think it not strange the fiery trials which are to try you. So the trial of your fair uh the trial of your face 1 Peter 1:7 again the trial of your faith being much more precious than gold that perisheth though it be tried with fire might be found into praise and honor and glory at the appearing of Jesus Christ. uh whom having not seen. Amen. He's not here. I don't see him. I see all this problem with all these people, but I don't see him. But I know that he's here. His word is in the ark. I believe him. He's here. Having whom having not seen you love him in whom though not seeing him though now you see him not yet believing you rejoice with joy unspeakable and full of glory receiving look at this the end of your trust the end of your faith even the salvation of your souls. Too many people say, "Well, I repented. I got baptized and I got saved." The Bible does say, "He that is bapt he that believeth is baptized shall be saved." But it doesn't say all you have to do is believe, get baptized, repent, be baptized, and get saved. You have to you have to go on. You have to finish your walk with God. You have to receive the end of your faith. The end of your faith is the salvation of your soul. And every day, today is the day of salvation. So what you know, that's the beginning. And too many people stop at the beginning and think that they're saved and they they just go off and it doesn't matter what they do with their lives. And it's so sad because it's just the devil that's tricked them. Hebrews 3:14 says, "For we have made if for I'm sorry, for we are made partakers of Christ if we hold the beginning of our confidence steadfast unto the end." Amen. Now, this is the gospel that we we need to be we need to be adhering to is a gospel that every day you're working on trusting God more and more and and holding to him that having the confidence. I'm rejoicing with joy unspeakable and full of glory. I'm not going to just allow these things to get me down, to get me discouraged, but I'm going to stay trusting the Lord. Now the real trials that we go through are really in our mind. Now I understand those of us that are battling pain. I know that at times they affect our bodies. They affect relationships. They affect our jobs. They affect our relationships. And we look at those as the trial. But the real battle ultimately takes place in our mind because there is where the decision is going to be made of how we're going to view this that we're going through. And this is where we succumb to fear and lean to our own understanding or we trust God's word about the situation. There are many opportunities every day that we have to exercise our trust in God's word just like there's many opportunities every day to lean to our own understanding. Right? It just they're just there and and we I I would think that we don't realize how much opportunity there is to lean to one or the other. But I think if we if we take time to ask ourselves, am I leaning to my own understanding of this situation or what does the word say I should do? Our minds can seem like a playground sometimes for the devil to play around in. You ever just been so confused in your mind? just I mean you got thoughts going everywhere can't really find a a solid foundation because of the reasoning the devil brings us about things. So our minds can be a real playground and and and this is where I you we got to understand when we come into our trial whatever it is every situation and it doesn't matter how you know I just say you just walk into a room and somebody starts yelling at you. Okay what are you going to do at that point? Somebody says something rude. Somebody says something bad. What are you going to do? Are you going to lean to your own understanding or you going to lean on the word? I mean, this is a choice that we make. And sometimes if you're not careful, your mind can become a playground. In other words, the devil is going to give you reasons why to straighten that person out. This is the last time. So sometimes you you got a long trial that you've been dealing with and you're constantly teeter toawing back and forth about this situation, pivoting back and forth between two ideas. I'm saying our mind can be like a playground, a teeter totter or some swings. There's swings in the park too in the playground. swinging up and down from one side to the other about an idea this way or that way and just our minds not being able to take a hold of the the word of God in this situation because the devil we've been so used to leaning to our own understanding that we listen to the devil too much. Amen. Or sometimes we just get so bothered by something that we're going around on a a miracle round around and around and around and around and our minds just feel so fed up and get dizzy because of a situation. Can't think straight, can't seem to calm down, can't stop spinning in our minds. It's very easy to get caught between trusting God and our own under and leaning to our own understanding. The scripture says, "How long haul ye between two opinions? If the Lord be God, follow him. But if not, then don't." Amen. So, we got to make a decision in our mind. Make it quick. And I'll say it like this. The majority of the time, the majority of the time in a trial, your understanding is not going to line up with God's word because if it did, then you wouldn't need to trust God. So, the very fact that trusting God is going to put you beyond your normal thinking. Let me give you an example. I am so glad that when I came to church and I was young in the Lord, you might say I was naive. You might say I was stupid. I was dumb. That I really didn't have much intelligence. And so when it came across the pulpit and showed me in the scriptures to pay your tithes, I just simply paid the tithe. I never took any time to think about whether I could afford to pay my tithe or not. I because I wasn't used to it. All my money that came in, well, basically it went out. Whatever money had, I spent it. You know, the Bible says money has wings. Whatever came in went out. All of a sudden, in the time of my life, I am told 10% goes to the Lord. Whoa. This I'm not used to. So now I got to sit here and I got to make a decision. I I got to wait till everything's covered and then I'll give my 10%. That makes like perfect human sense, right? Or I can just trust the word and give the 10% whether I got it figured out or not. And I'm so glad that when I came into the the message, I began to to obey the message just as I heard it and didn't try to figure it out. Because our own understanding can mess us up. Amen. Can really mess us up. Trust in the Lord. Don't let him use your mind as a playground. Amen. Ephesians chapter 6:10 says, "Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord and the power of his might." So, if we're going to be strong, be strong in the Lord. Put on the whole armor of God, right? That you may be able to stand against the ws of the devil. The W. You ever been watching something on TV or the the computer or just some commercial and all of a sudden, especially around Halloween, they're showing these uh evil uh tormenting movies and and and people that are killing people and tormenting people and and dummies walking around dead and I don't know, you know what I'm talking about. Well, people look at that quickly say, "Well, that, you know, I don't want to watch that. I won't I won't I won't be able to sleep at night." Now, some people feed on that stuff, but that looks like that's the obvious devil. But the devil that we need to think about is the devil that comes to our minds, who doesn't have pitchforks and doesn't look like that and doesn't act like that, but he comes with a a suit on and he's got a briefcase and he's very intelligent and he's able to convince us by by asking us questions in our in our to get us in our reasoning to question God. And verse 12 says, "For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against their rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places." Now you walk into Walmart, you talk to the greeter, you talk to the people that you talk to anybody in there and you ask them if they have wrestled against principalities and powers and the rulers of darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places, and they're going to probably tell you that they don't even understand what you're talking about. Amen. We should know the devil talks to us all the time. Amen. In fact, he comes to church and he tries to get your mind on other things. Get you thinking about other things, get you sometimes bothered, get you tired, get you get get you away from the word because this is the the word is exposing the devil. And the devil don't want you to know he's talking to you. Wherefore take unto you the whole armor of God that ye may be able to withstand in the evil day. How many knows we're living in that evil day? That's right. This is it. It is it has not been as bad in the whole world as it is now. I mean when they were back there and they were, you know, killing people, we could look, okay, that was bad. They killed 68 million Protestants. We know that was bad. That was wrong. But today, evil is so bad that people are doing evil and they're not bothered about it. It's lukewarm. They don't even recognize it. And and and and and souls are being destroyed. 1 Peter chapter 5:6 says, "Humble yourselves therefore under the mighty hand of God that he may exalt you in due time." So there is the the remedy there to put the word first. Humble yourself under the word. Not not not just humble yourself under the thought that me and God God loves me. God saved me. God's merciful to me, but humble yourself under the word because the word is for us. And it's it is our job to get into the word to listen to the tapes every day and as often as we can spend time so we can hide God's word or get the go. How do you get the gold? How do you get the gold inlaid in your heart? It it's the word. You can't get God in your heart without the word. You can't. You can't. I mean God is not going to leave his word. So we got to take the word, put it in our heart, put it in our lives, and and and so we humble ourselves under that word, casting all your care upon him. For we care for you, be sober, be vigilant, because your adversary, the devil, as a roaring lion, walketh about, seeking whom he may devour, whom resists, steadfast in faith, knowing that the same afflictions are accomplished in your brethren that are around that that are in the world. I wonder if we could do this as a as a homework assignment. If we could go home this week and write down at the end of the day where the devil where you met the devil. Just when you get home at the end of the day, take a notebook and say, "I met this spiritual wickedness or this principality or this ruler of darkness. I met him today here in this thought because I think we get so used to the enemy talking to us that we don't recognize it's him. And the the the problem with this is we can't overcome him if we don't recognize him. So, it's time that we start to recognize the devil and all his tricks. It's time to pull down the strongholds. They cast down reasoning to stop the the margo round that goes around in our our our minds that spin out of control. It it's time to make sure that our mind is thinking on only good things. Right? Think on these things. Amen. Now, the ideal thing is learning to keep a sign up in your mind that the park is permanently closed to the devil. Permanently closed. You can't come in here. In other words, you're there as soon as a thought comes in to say no. Did you ever go somewhere and after you drove a long distance you discovered that they were closed? Some restaurant or something? It's very disappointing that that it's closed. That's what we have to learn to do is disappoint the devil. Just nope, you can't come here anymore. You used to, but it's closed to you. Now, this mind is just for the Lord. Amen. Keep that neon sign up flashing bright closed to the devil permanently. Brother Brandham said in the message, "How can I overcome?" And I read this uh not too long ago, but I want to re I want to quote it again because I think it's a very good quote. Overcome means to recognize the devil in every one of his tricks. Lots of people say there's no devil. It's just a thought. He says, "Don't you believe that? That's there's a real devil. He's just as real as you and Amen. or anybody, a real devil. And you must recognize him real." Amen. You must know he's a devil. Then that same time that you recognize him and know that he's a devil and that he's against you. Then to overcome, you must recognize that God in you is greater and mightier than he is. Right? And that the one that's in you has already overcame him. Amen. And by his grace, you're more than a match for him. Right? That's real overcoming when you recognize Psalms 34:22 says, "The Lord redeemth the soul of his servants, and none of them that trust in him shall be desolate." So there's God is not going to leave you alone when you trust in him. I think uh Acts 24:16. It's not up there, but if you want to write it down, it says, "Here in do I exercise myself to always have a conscience void of offense toward God and toward men." You can know that you're you're doing the right thing when you're not when you're when you're when you're careful not to offend others, right? You don't want to exercise yourself as being forward, but but exercise yourself as being Christ, right, to others. Amen. And hold that word in your heart. Amen. If we got just a little bit of time, I wanted to read uh uh the book of 2 Kings chapter 4, a little bit about Elisha raising the Shunomite son. Do you remember that story? Amen. And I think you know this is a wonderful story how uh as an example of this woman who really exercised trust in God. She exercised trust and I just want to start reading it here in 2 Kings 4 verse number 8. And it fell on a day that Elisha passed to Shu him where was a great woman and she constrained him to eat bread. And so it was that as often as he passed by, he turned in either uh thither to eat bread. And she said unto her husband, Behold now I perceive that this is a holy man of God which passeth by us continually. Now notice this was a prophet, and in her heart she wanted to do something good for the prophet. Let us make a little chamber, I pray thee, on the wall, and let us set for him there a bed, and a table, and a stew, and a candlestick. And it shall be that when he come to us, that he shall turn in thither. And it found a day that he came thither, and he turned to the chamber, and lay there, and he said to Gahhesi his servant, "Call this Shunomite." And when he called her, she stood before him. And he said unto him, And he said unto him, Say now unto her, "Behold, thou has been careful for us with all this care, what is to be done for thee. What does thou uh what uh wouldest thou be spoken for to the king or to the captain or the host?" And she answered, "I dwell among my own people." In other words, no thank you. And he said, "What then is it to be done for her?" And Gahesi answered, "Verily, she have no child, and her husband is old." And he said, "Call her." And when he called her, she stood in the door. And he said, "About this season, according to the time of life, thou shalt embrace the sun." And she said, "Nay, my lord, thou man of God, do not lie unto thy handmade." I I think she was like beside herself. And the woman conceived and bare a son at the season that Elisha had said unto her according to the time of life. And when the child was grown, it fell on a day that he went out to the his father to the reapers. And he said unto his father, "My head, my head." And he said to the lad, "Carry him to his mother." And when he had taken him, he and brought him to his mother, he sat on her knee till noon and then died. And she went up and laid him on the bed of the man of God, not not the lad's bed, but the man of God. And shut the door upon him and went out. Now, something was happening. She was definitely not leaning to her own understanding here. I mean it was like well okay we got to just call the funeral this has happened. But something was happening to her. She had a trust in God because the word of the prophet told her that you're going to have a son. And she knew something inside of her said I know that if God would give me a son it wouldn't just only last this long and die. So there's this thing that was happening. So you could see the trust beginning to be exercised inside of her. And she called unto her husband and said, "Send me, I pray thee, one of the young men and one of the asses that I may run to the man of God and come again." And he said, "Wherefore wil thou go to him today? It is neither noon nor Sabbath." And she said, "It shall be well." Something inside of her just believed. She She couldn't explain it, but her testimony was, "It's going to be well." Amen. It shall be well. I notice how she said that it shall be well. Then she saddled an ass and said to the servant, "Drive and go forward. Slack not thy writing for me except I bid thee. So she went and came unto the man of God to Mount Carmel. And it came to pass when the man of God saw her a far off and he said to the ga gahesi his servant, behold yonder is that shunomite and uh run now I pray thee to meet her and say to her, Is it well with thee? Is it well with thy husband? Is it well with the child? And she answered, "It is well." Now, I got a question. Was it really well with her child? Why was she saying it is well? She was not leaning to her own understanding. her own human understanding is of course things are not well that's why I've come here but she wasn't leaning towards that she was really putting her trust in the word of the prophet and I'll tell you this is a type for our age because God has given us a prophet with the word and I'll tell you what the world may mock at it the world may make light of it the world may say it's just nothing than all these other books that are written But I'm telling you, it's the word of God for this age that we need to make a rapture. And when it came and when she came to the man of God to the hill, she caught him by the feet. But Gahesi came near to thrust her away. And the man of God said, "Let her alone, for her soul is vexed within her, and the Lord have hid it from me and have not told me." M think about that. This is something supernatural happening with the Shudomite woman and God. And even the prophet didn't even know about it at this moment. I just think this is awesome. You can come to church and you can be closer and more in tune with God than anybody else in the church. That's the truth. That's, you know, it's all where you're at with God and what what what means to you. Amen. Then she said, "Did I desire a son from my lord? Did I not say do not deceive me?" And he said to Gahhesi, "Gird up thy loin, and take my staff in thy hand, and go thy way. If thou meet any man, salute him not. And if any salute thee, answer him not again, and lay my staff upon the face of the child. Oh my. And the mother of the child said, as the Lord liveth, and as thy soul liveth, I will not leave thee. And he rose and he followed her. Her faith was in what God showed her what needed to be done. And that was that prophet needed to be there. Nothing short of the prophet being there. And she's exercising a trust that even was beyond what Elisha was thinking was needed. How beautiful it is that we can sometimes the Lord I we've all experienced this. We've tried to share something with somebody else that God has spoken to us and showed us and nobody that we talk to understands it. Amen. But they're not meant to understand it. It's between you and God because God is trying to build a trust relationship in you. And it's if it's God, it's going to happen. If it's not God, then we we just we learn from it and we go on. And Gahesi passed on before them, and laid the staff upon the face of the child. And there was neither voice nor hearing. Wherefore he went again to meet him, and told him, saying, The child is not awakened. And when Elisha was come into the house, behold, the child was dead. And he laid upon and laid upon his bed. And he went in therefore and shut the door upon them twain, just those two alone, and prayed unto the Lord. And he went up and laid upon the child, and put his mouth upon his mouth, and his eyes upon his eyes, and laid his hands upon his hands, and he stretched himself upon the child, and the flesh of the child waxed warm. And then he returned and walked into the house to and fro and went up and stretched himself upon him. And the child sneezed seven times. And the child opened his eyes. My what? I'm sure if there's seven, there's some types in there, right? Seven church ages. Oh yeah. Yeah. Bringing life to each church age. Amen. And he called Gahhesi and said, "Call the Shoamite." So he called her. And when she was come in unto him, he said, "Take up thy son." And then she went in and fell at his feet and bowed herself to the ground and took up her son and went out. What a beautiful, beautiful story of exercising trust. And this was, I mean, a very hard trial. But I would say with all of our small trials, I believe the Lord wants us to begin to exercise trust. Amen. Remember the story of non, he he he was told by the word of the Lord, this is what you need to do to to be made whole. And what he did is he leaned to his own understanding. Amen. And there was somebody that told him, stop your own understanding. Just do what the prophet told you to do and you'll straighten it'll straighten up your life. It'll straighten up your home. It'll straighten up the relationship. It'll straighten up the finance. Just do what the prophet said and stop leaning at your own understanding. And you know what he did? He listened and he trusted the word of God and God blessed his life. And I mean, there's many examples throughout the Bible that we can when we read the Bible, we can see that that the answer to every situation is trusting in the Lord. And if we could just leave here today with a determination that I'm going to try to exercise more trust and not wait to some big thing to where you know I I have to don't do that. Just do it on the small things and build that relationship with God that we can just become stronger Christians. Amen. Let's stand together. God bless you. Amen. look for opportunities to trust God more. It's almost like looking looking for opportunities not to not to lean your own understanding because usually those are difficult situations, right? When you know when you have you trying to figure it out. So may the may the Lord may the Lord just help us all. Let's look to him in a word of prayer before we sing a few songs. Our heavenly father, Lord, we thank you that you've put it within all of our abilities to trust you and you've given us literally power to not lean to our own understanding. We know the devil tempts us with uh reasoning and and and and all these different thoughts of our past and memories and all these uh affections and to try to get us to to lean there. And Lord, we're coming to you today to confess that we we do not understand. We're not made to understand, but you did you did give us the ability to believe, to trust you. And Lord, we're confessing today that Lord uh that we want to leave here, we are leaving here with a determination to exercise more trust in you in our in our personal lives. And Lord, that you would bless us with uh building ourselves up in that most holy faith that that day by day, week by week, month by month that we uh could grow uh in our trust for you. Bless every brother here, every sister here, those that are live streaming. Be with them. Help them, Lord, and give them of a a a greater uh power to know that they can trust you in every situation. Be with those that are watching the archives, Lord, down the road. And may this word find a dwelling place in all of our hearts, Lord, that we may be fit and ready for the rapture when that takes place. But you know your prophet said that our faith has to become a perfect faith.
