################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-12 - 6.11.25 - Beholding Your Salvation - John Martin - John Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-12
Title:    6.11.25 - Beholding Your Salvation - John Martin
Speaker:  John Martin
Church:   Send The Light Church
Type:     Short Service
Duration: 54m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=suf91xH-rvA
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
lots of stuff. But he is our peace, the Bible says. And God bless you this evening. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. How is the temperature feeling with everybody? Okay. Okay. And who doesn't want to speak? I mean, everything's okay because Oh, we got one cold. I I turned it I turned it to become a little bit warmer because I kind of felt that too. And uh this is the time to speak. You're not going to get in trouble today. So we just uh are going to warm it up a little bit here. Turn with me if you would to the book of Psalms 91. And I believe brother Daniel had touched on these scriptures and as he was reading something just touched my heart and I want to be I would like to speak today on uh beholding our salvation. Beholding our salvation title this beholding your salvation and get our our um our our our thought here in the book of Psalms 91. We're going to begin reading with verse 14- 16 and have a word of prayer. The Bible tells us because he representing us has set his love upon me. So we've set our love upon God. Therefore God says will I deliver him. I will set him on high because he have known my name. He shall call upon me because he's in trouble now. And this this understand this this is coming from being in the secret place. Uh making God um his portion, his refuge. And this is the process to get salvation. He shall call upon me. I will answer him. I will be with him in trouble. I will deliver him and I will honor him. and with long life I will satisfy him and show him my salvation. Now notice he didn't say I'll show him my salvation and give him long life. But the scripture says I with long life I will satisfy him and show him my salvation. Amen. Let's just bow in a word of prayer. Our heavenly father, thank you today, Lord, that you have provided a place that we could just come and be sheltered from the heat as it were and a place that we could gather together as brothers and sisters in Christ and cherish um the love of God and in one another that you we're family. You've called us out of sin. You've called us into your the kingdom of your dear son as the Bible says. And today we could come and just rejoice and worship you and and now Lord to receive of the word of God that is able uh to save us as the Bible says. And we pray that this word would become uh quicken to us that we might be able to glean something uh Lord through the word that would help us with all of our troubles with all of our needs and all the things that we have need of and being saved from today. God will give you the praise for this as we commit the service into your hand every soul believing now in Jesus Christ's precious name. Amen. And God bless you. May be seated. I believe God wants to show us his salvation every day. It's not just something at the beginning, but I believe God wants to show us how great he is every single day and to save us from our our situations, our troubles, whatever our prayer request is. I believe God wants to to be the one that's showing off. He's able to do exceedingly above all that we would ask or think. He's a present help in a time of trouble. that God is there and he wants to help us and he wants to show us that. But we have to we have to call upon him in the same way that we did for salvation. You understand what I'm saying? It was desperate. When we needed salvation, we called upon God in a in a state of desperation and God responded. And that's what the scripture says here. He shall call upon me and I will answer him and I will be with him in trouble and I will deliver him and and honor him. So we see that God is there ready to do his part if we do our part. What is our part? Set our love upon him, call upon him and believe that he's a God that can save us in our situation, whatever it is. And we we we see the request that has come forth. We we serve a God that gets us out of trouble. He he he he can take a disaster and make all things beautiful in his time. Our God is a great God. He just is not a God of the past that that just divided the Red Sea, but he's a God a present tense God. Let's go to 2 Chronicles chapter 20 and take a look here at uh Jehoshaphat's prayer um in in a situation. and he was in a pickle and he had countries coming against him and he needed uh to be saved. He needed the salvation of God coming because he was in a situation that he himself they could not uh win without God. And God usually puts us in situations that we can't win without him. He's just that way. He he wants us to look to him and and trust him. And he he makes prepared situations like that. Let's start with verse one of 2 Chronicles chapter 20. And it came to pass after this also that the children of Moab and the children of Ammon. And with them others beside the Amorites came against Jehoshaphat to battle. Um then there came some that told Jehoshaphat, saying, There cometh a great multitude against thee from beyond the sea on the this side of Syria, and behold, they be in Hezantamar, which is Ended. And Jehoshaphat feared and set himself to seek the Lord. Now, isn't that the the thing to do right there when you're in a pickle? You're afraid, but what do you do? You set your heart towards the Lord. You set your love upon him. You go to the source. He is our peace. Right? We come to Christ for the answers. Amen. And Joseph feared and set his uh set himself to seek the Lord and proclaimed a fast throughout Judah. and Judah gathered themselves together to ask help of the Lord even out of all the cities of uh Judah. They came to seek the Lord. And Jehoshaphat stood in the congregation of Judah and Jerusalem in the house of the Lord before the new court and said, "Oh Lord," this is how we need to pray in our pickle. "Oh Lord, God of our fathers, art now thou the God in heaven?" He wants to be reminded. A lot of times we forget, right? And God God puts us in a situation where we're forced to look at him instead of just trying to handle life with oursel and rulest not thou over all the kingdoms of the heathen and in thine hand. Is there not power and might so that none is able to withstand thee? I'm I'm just reminding you, Lord. Are you not this God that's capable? Right. Art not thou the God who didest drive uh drive out the habitants of the land before the people uh Israel before thy people Israel and gavest it to the seed of Abraham and thy friend forever. and they dwelt therein have built thee a sanctuary therein for thy name saying if when evil cometh upon us as the sword judgment or pestilence famine we stand before this house and in thy presence for thy name is in this house and cry unto thee in our affliction then thou will hear and help amen I mean it's just quite simple here's the problem. Here's the solution. This is how we get there. Follow the instructions. Amen. Doesn't matter what the problem is. Right. Doesn't matter. Amen. The situation that we're dealing with, I believe with all my heart, if we do what what what the Bible says, we'll get the same results because God's no respector of persons. And now behold the children of Ammon and Moab and the mount Sierra whom thou wouldest not let Israel invade when they came out of the land of Egypt. But they turned from them and destroyed them not. Behold, I say, how they reward us to come to cast us out of thy possession which thou has given us to inherit. Oh our God, will thou not judge them? For we have we have no might against this great company that cometh against us, neither know we what to do, but our eyes are on the I think it's just so beautiful. I don't have to have all the answers to know what to do. God doesn't want us to have the answers. He just wants us to come to him, be honest. I don't know what to do here, but I'm looking to you, Lord. I'm going to put my trust in you and you're going to you're you're you're going to do what you've always done, which you never let us down. We're in verse 13. Okay. A and all Judah stood before the Lord with their little ones, their wives, and their children. Then upon Jahazio the son of Zachariah the son of Beniah the son of Jewel the son of Mahhatania a Levite and I'm sorry that I don't pronounce these perfect the sons of Asf came the spirit of the Lord in the midst of the congregation and and the spirit of the Lord said hearken ye all Judah Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem. And thou, King of Jehoshaphat, thus sayeth the Lord unto you, be not afraid, nor dismayed by reason of this great multitude that you just told me about. For the battle is not yours, but God's. What a if we could just have a revelation of that thing right there that this problem that I have, God's going to take care of it. Cast your cares upon it. He care it for you. God does not want us to engage in the battle as if we literally ourselves have to tackle it. He doesn't want that. He wants all of our effort to be put into trusting him, to having faith in God, to believing that he's the mighty conqueror. Amen. For the battle is not yours, but God's. Tomorrow go you down against them. Isn't that something? The the battle is not yours, but God's, but you're going to go down against them. We're going to get into this a little bit. Behold, they come up by the cliff of Ziz, and ye shall find them at the end of the brook before the wilderness of Jewel Giru. Ye shall not need to fight in this battle, but but you need to go down against them. Right. Set yourselves. Set yourself. Stand still and see the salvation of the Lord with you. Oh Judah and Jerusalem. Fear not nor be dismayed. Tomorrow go out against them for the Lord will be with you. Now I just this is confusing. Do I got to take care of this problem or you handling it? Right. Look at you're in a joint love affair with God. You set your love upon him and he wants you to do your part. You're going to go out there and you're going to face the Goliath right face to face and you are going to trust God that he's going to fight the battle. That's right. I don't believe that David was relying on his skill to get Goliath. Right. Any man that is relying on his skill to be a demon. No way. Amen. He had to have he needed to be putting his trust in God. I mean, we all got abilities, but we don't got ability to take the devil on oursel. And that's what Goliath represented, right? He's the one that taunt day and night for months the children of Israel. And so God wants us to trust him, to play our part in truly trusting him. Not just say, "I trust you, God." But not be willing to stand there and face the enemy. If you're going to trust God, that's why the scripture says, "Be not dismayed. Don't fear. Go up against them, but don't fear." And and it's it's it's it's a that's how you you have to set yourself and then you stand still and you're facing the devil face to face, but you're trusting in God at that moment to move. And that shows your faith. Amen. And and you know, we we handle things differently. We just we want to do things without trust. And um and our walk with the Lord is trust. And and if you want God to show you salvation, then you have to set your love upon him. You have to trust him and you have to follow the instructions. And a lot of times, you got to go up there and face that demon right in the face and say, "I stand in the name of the Lord." Right? I'm not I'm not backing down. I don't got to uh necessarily uh do the fighting because he's going to fight the battle, right? But I'm not backing down. I'm I'm not going in another room. I I I'm I'm going to stand there and I I I'm I'm going to uh the Lord's promised that he's going to be with me. Right. And so when I I think about these these scriptures here, um that that God doesn't want us to fear anymore. He doesn't want us to be dismayed. He just wants us to go out against the enemy. But but don't fight. Just set yourselves and behold, you're going to see the salvation of the Lord. There's always a part we have to play in every one of our trials. You have a part to play. Amen. And and count it all joy. Amen. You you you literally got to be happy. This is a hard thing to do. But I mean, it shows you're trusting God. So you have to believe. You have to trust God. The Bible says, "This is the victory that overcometh the world, even our faith." So we got to have faith in our trials. But this that we're talking about that God is is going to fight the battle. God is going to give the victory, but we have to do something. This is God's law of appropriation. God gives, but we must take. In other words, there's a part we play and there's a part that God plays. Let me give you some examples. Jesus said, "Fear not, little flock. It's the father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom. But Jesus also said the kingdom of God sufferth violent and the violent taketh it by force. So there's a part that he plays, there's a part that we play. Another place Jesus said, "Every man presseth into it." So in one sense it's the father's good pleasure just to give it to you. But uh you you you you got to start standing up and take it by force. Paul said, "I haven't attained. I haven't apprehended. I'm pressing towards the mark." So, there's a there's a part that I'm I'm taking. There's a part I'm doing. Joshua said, "Every place," not Joshua, I'm sorry, but God said to Joshua, "Every place that the soul of your foot shall tread upon, that I have given you, as I said unto Moses." So, God is the same yesterday, today, and forever. He told it to Moses. He's telling Joshua that if you're willing to put your foot at a place that you haven't been before, I'll give it to you. And if you're not willing to go there and take possession, if you don't want to say peace is mine, love is mine, joy is mine, uh um God in our home is mine, that that that that God is going to supply our needs according to his riches and glory. You're not going to put your foot there. You can't have it. Amen. And unfortunately, we're never going to hear a gospel that's going to change our lives. You're going to hear the gospel and you're going to believe the gospel. You're going to apply the gospel to your life and then the change is going to happen. It's not about hearing something and then just something magical happens in our life. No, we hear the word, we receive the word, then we manifest the word, and that's what changes our life. The law of appropriation, God gives, but we must take. Let's go to Exodus chapter 14. Exodus chapter 14. We're going to start with verse number one. And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying, speak unto the children of Israel, that they turned and encamped before by Her name between Mdal and the sea, and against Balo Zof. See, I got some of you to to laugh. And I'm not even saying any jokes. They just I'm just being normal. I'm a natural before it shall ye encamp by the sea. For Pharaoh will say of the children of Israel, they are entangled in the land. The wilderness have shut them up, and I will harden Pharaoh's heart, and he shall follow after them, and I will honor be honored. I will be honored upon Pharaoh and upon all his hosts. God was going to get honored upon Pharaoh after f God hardened Pharaoh's heart. So, we see the that God is really trying to get something out of this situation than just helping Israel, right? It wasn't just helping God's people. God wants to be worshiped. He wants to be glorified. Here it is 2025 in in June and we're talking about something that happened that far a long ago and God is still receiving glory. How great is our God, right? He he he he parted the Red Sea. We're we're still talking. He's still getting glory right here. And he's telling that he's going to do this to Pharaoh that he could receive glory. God knows what he's doing. So even though we're wanting to be delivered of our situation, we're wanting we're wanting to be helped, there's other things that is going on, we just got to trust trust God for that. And Pharaoh and upon all his host and the Egyptians that the Egyptians may know that I am the Lord and they did so and it came and it's kind of weird that the Egyptians may know that I am the Lord. Now, how long did that last? Right? They all got killed, right? So that they didn't keep that revelation very long. But yet he really wanted the enemy to know before they perished. And it was told that the king of Egypt that the people fled and the heart of Pharaoh and his servants was turned against the people. And they said, "Why have ye done this? And we have let Israel go from serving us." He made ready his chariots and took his people with him. And he took 600 chosen chariots, all the chariots of Egypt, and the captains, every one of them. And the Lord hardened the heart of Pharaoh, the king of Egypt. And he pursued after the children of Israel. And the children of Israel went out with him on high hand with a high hand. And the Egyptians pursued after them and all the horses and chariots of Pharaoh and the horse his horsemen and his army and overtook them and encamped encamping by the sea besides that one place before Balilean. And when Pharaoh drew nigh, the children of Israel lifted up their eyes. And behold, the Egyptians marched after them, and they were so afraid. They were in a pickle. And the children of Israel cried unto the Lord. What a pattern do we see here. Problem? Cry after the Lord. Amen. Don't look to another human being. Right? Don't look to the government. Don't look to the church. Look to God. Amen. You know, look to God because God is wanting to develop relationships with us. Um, and we're in verse number 10. And when Pharaoh drew Nai, okay, we read that. And verse 11, and they cried unto Moses because there was no graves in Egypt. And they cried unto Moses, "Because there were no graves in Egypt, that thou has taken us to die in the wilderness? Wherefore has thou dealt with us to carry us forth out of Egypt, is not this the word that we did tell thee in Egypt, saying, Let us alone that we may serve the Egyptians, for it had been better for us to serve the Egyptians than that we should die in the wilderness." So, we could see that they were not trusting the Lord. They were not trusting the Lord here. It was like the experience that they had, you know, with the 10 plagues. Believe there was 10 plagues, right? 10 plagues or 12 plagues, I can't remember. There was 10 plagues. And they were, I mean, very uh powerful plagues, especially the last plague. And you would think that would be enough to help them along, but for some reason the problem that they were facing, they forgot the greatness of their God in the past. And you can't do that. You got to remember what God's done for you in the past because that's what you need to remember to give you strength. Well, we're going to read some scriptures. Uh, I'm just going to read the scriptures right now. I'm I'm I'm going to go right back here, but if I'm just going to read them. You It's in Psalms 106:21. The Bible says, "They forgot God their Savior, which had done great things in Egypt, whose wondrous works in in the land and and terrible things by the Red Sea." See, but they murmured in the temps, and they hearkened not to the voice of God. So, we've got to keep in mind what God has done for us in our past. We just got to, you know, we got a memory for what? For good things, not bad things. Amen. So, we need to use it. All right. So, let's go ahead and go back to um uh Ezekiel, not Ezekiel, Exodus chapter 14. Where am I at today? All right. And Moses, verse 13, and Moses said unto the people, "Fear ye not, stand still." There it is again, "and see the salvation of the Lord, which he will show to you today. For the Egyptians who you have uh seen today, you shall see them again no more forever. The Lord shall fight for you, and ye shall hold your peace. And the Lord said unto Moses, "Wherefore cryst thou unto me, speak to the children of Israel, that they go forward." So fear not. You're in your situation. Fear not. Stand still and behold the salvation of the Lord. Behold it. It's It's going to happen. God, after God saved you, he wants to keep saving you from situations. He He wants to continue to be God in your life. He He He's not the type of uh God that just wants to see you saved and then, you know, whatever. You just go through life and just battle all your problems. No, God wants to be a companion to you all your life. Fear ye not. Stand still. See the salvation of the Lord. Most people can't see the salvation of the Lord. Amen. They're often live in a state of fear and it paralyzes them. They won't stand still and and and quiet their spirit enough to actually see God move. Right? The devil wants to get really bothered. They don't they don't have eyes of faith to see God in their situation because they're focusing too much on the problem. And I understand we got problems and they're big. But we serve a God who wants to help us in that problem. And we've got to take the first step. Draw nigh to me and I'll draw nigh to you. Take the first step of faith. Stand still and behold. I'm expecting you, God, to move. I'm going to trust you in this situation. Now, if you feel you can't do that, then what you need to do is get on your knees and cry out to God. Call upon God and go to the source of God. You got to get your heart prepared to a place that you you're not going to go anywhere else. You're not going to look to anybody else. You're going to put your trust in God. Matthew 13:16, Jesus said, "Blessed are your eyes." Right? Many people can't see the salvation of the Lord, but blessed are your eyes, for they see, and your ears, for they hear. For verily I say unto you, many false many no not false many prophets and righteous men have desired to see those things which you see and have not seen them and to hear those things which you have hear and have not heard them. So we are a blessed people today. We are a blessed people. The the message, the prophet of the hour, the the the the manifestation of of the spirit of God in a man, we've never seen it as it was in in William Brham. And we've got a message that's true. Amen. And we are a special people, a a chosen people, a royal priesthood. And God has selected us to be able to believe in him in the middle of rotten situations. Where the other other peoples that, you know, we don't see. We don't we don't see that. We we can't trust God that much, but we're chosen. God has put something inside of us. Amen. It's him bearing witness. Our spirit bearing witness with his spirit. We're we're sons and daughters of God. And God will never leave us. He'll never forsake us. He's there to see us through. So fear not. Stand still and see the salvation of the Lord which he will show you today. Yes. Is not Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Did he not say, "I'll never leave you nor forsake you." Why did he say that? The Bible says, "So we can boldly say, I will not fear what man will do unto me." Just so we can boldly say that the Lord is my helper. I will not fear what man shall do unto me. the Lord. How many can say the Lord is my helper? Amen. And we're going to look to the Lord. We're not going to look to one another. That's right. I don't mind looking to one. I don't mind praying for one another. But here's the thing. We got to learn to get a hold of God ourselves. We're not eight years old anymore. Amen. We're adults and we don't believe in a shirt tail experience of hanging on to somebody to make our salvation. We got to get our own salvation. I was sitting there with thinking before service. I didn't have these in my original notes, but I just jotted them down. I want take a look at two men. They were looking for salvation. The first one was the rich young ruler. He came running. What must we do? What must I do to inherit or to receive salvation, eternal life? And Jesus told him, just give what you have, distribute it to the poor and and and you shall have treasures in heaven. Come follow me. That was the advice that Jesus gave him. Amen. To get saved because he was lacking one thing, right? He kept all the commands, but he was lacking one thing. And the Bible says that he turned it down. He turned salvation down because what he had meant more to him than what God was requiring of him. Amen. And then there was another man. His name was Zacharias. And this man didn't come running. He got up in a tree and he was just going to watch Jesus go by. And when Jesus got under that tree, he just stopped and he looked up and he said, "Zakius, come down." Right? In other words, there was a call. There was not a call to the rich young ruler because think about it. God knows those that are his. And I know there's a many are called, few are chosen. But I'm just saying right here, here is this man, Zakius. Come down. Make haste. Come down here. we're gonna go and we're going to have supper at your house today. And so he gets in there and he's talking with them and he he says, "I am going to take half of my goods and I'm going to distribute to the poor. Not all of them, half of them. And if I've if I've done anything wrong to anybody, if I've manipulated, if I've come and I tried to do something ac uh wrongfully accuse somebody just to get gain for me, what I'm going to do is I'm going to pay them back four-fold. You know what Jesus said? This day salvation has come to this house. Two men wanted salvation. One willing to pay the price. God says, "Give it all." He wouldn't give it. The other says, "I'll give half." But see, Jesus knew the heart of Zakius. Said, "This also is the son of Abraham." God means business if we mean business. Sincere heart. That rich young ruler, he might have had a lot going for him, but you got to have a sincere heart. Amen. God has saved us from so many situations. Most Christians view salvation as something that happened to them long ago at the beginning of their journey when they repented and they got baptized. and there's really no need of any more salvation because they're saved. But that ain't even scriptural. First Peter 1:9 says, "Receiving the end of your faith, even the salvation of your souls." Jesus said, "He that endure to the end, the same shall be saved." 1 Peter 15, we are kept by the power of God through faith unto salvation when ready to be revealed in the last time. So, we need to start looking at God. We need God today as much as we did when we repented and got baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. We constantly lead to the Lord every day. We need salvation. Amen. 2 Corinthians 6:1, "We then as workers together with him beseech you also that you receive not the grace of God in vain." There's a there's a going to be a lot of people that receive the grace of God in vain. In other words, they never follow through with it. Right. Amen. For he saith, I have heard thee in an accepted day, accepted a time accepted, excuse me, and in the day of salvation have I sucked thee. Behold, now is the accepted time. Behold, now is the day of salvation. Now, when you read that scripture, tomorrow it'll be the time or the day of salvation. All you got to do is look at your life and see what you really want God to help you with. And God, if you're if you're willing to do your part, God is willing to take you as far as you want to go. That's right. I have heard thee in the time accepted. In the time accepted, you shall seek me and find me when you search for me with all your heart. there's an accepted time and that God does everything beautiful in his time. It it not it's not always our time because maybe we got to go somebody's got to go through the 10 plagues. Maybe we got to have a a Red Sea experience. We we we don't Maybe we got to get attacked by the enemy. I don't know. But we got to trust God in our situation. We serve a real God. We're not just in some religion. Amen. We serve a real alive God. In the day of salvation, salvation wasn't just coming out of Egypt. The children of Israel were saved from many things after they crossed the Red Sea. Did you know that? God saved them over and over and provided for them. Their shoes never wore out. They never had to they never had to get the blue cross and blue shield out. I went to the doctors this week and I used my blue cross and blue shield. I don't know how much it's going to pay, but you understand what I'm saying. They didn't need that. Think about it, right? They had a God there to make sure it was supplied when when death was coming. Amen. Right. Praise God. This is the day of salvation. There's a God that can save us today. In the day of salvation have I suckered thee. That means I have aided thee. I've relieved thee. I have helped thee. God is here to help us. If we could just sink our teeth, he's the one that we're looking for. Amen. He's the one we go to. Amen. So, we need to have faith in our situations. Now is the time to behold your salvation. I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me. Put my trust in him. Greater is he that's in me than he that is in the world or your situation. If God before me, who can be against me? No weapon formed against me shall prosper. Every place that the soul of my feet shall tread upon is mine. Right? I mean, we have these promises. Either we're going to take God at his word and stay there, or we're gonna become a denominational believer, right? Who knows the scriptures, but then don't believe them because the devil, he knows the scriptures better than we do, right, Brother Dennis? That's true. He knows it better than we do, but he doesn't adhere to them. God wants to give us victory. 1 Corinthians 15:57, "But thanks be to God which giveth us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ." Therefore, therefore, my beloved brethren, our job is to be a wishywashy just God will take care of me. That's not what the scripture says. Therefore, my beloved brethren, be ye steadfast, unmovable, and be occupied, always abounding in the work of the Lord. For as much as you know that your labor is not in vain in the Lord. Amen. Now, he's given us the victory. Amen. What we need to do with that victory. Do you know every time that God has healed you, he has saved you from sickness? Amen. How many time How many times has God healed you? We've all been healed before. That is God saving you from your sickness. Amen. He's a savior. Every time God has blessed the food you prayed for, he has saved you from a sickness. You ever get sick after you eat and wonder about your prayer? You know what I'm talking about? Because sometimes we just kind of take for granted, I'm going to pray for the food, right? Give thanks and pray for the food. And then you get sick and you wonder sometimes like, was it the food? I prayed for the food. What happened? And so I think we just really need to a sign, Lord, let me put my heart into the increase my faith when I'm praying. Are you with me? Every time God has protected you from an automobile accident, he has literally saved your life. We all got testimonies. I I'll never forget this car was just going this fast in front of me. And I'm telling you, I I would say from here to the middle of those uh chairs right there. And I'll tell you it just two seconds different. I mean, he ran a stop sign and he was going like seven. I don't know what he he must have been going at least 60 in town. He was It was like in the middle of the night. He must have been drunk. I don't know. But I'll tell you, I walked I I'll never forget I was saved. God protected me. He was my savior. He saved me in that situation. Every time God moves in your behalf, you're beholding your salvation. That is right. And I think we need to give thanks to God. Thank you, God. Thank you for that. Count your blessings. Name them one by one. We get to where we just all we're doing is focusing on problems and we just have this negative thing of, you know, fix fix and we need to spend some time. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Make God, you know, he wants to receive glory. Amen. Even if it's just for a little bit and you die like Pharaoh. I'm not saying that happened to you, but God wanted God wanted God wanted Pharaoh to know. If he wanted Pharaoh to know, don't you think he wants his children to know? Amen. Amen. Behold your salvation. Give thanks in all things, for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus. Who shall lay anything to the charge of God's elect? Think about that. Why are we worried if God's for us? If we're if we're God's elect, what do we got to worry about? He's going to take care of us. God wants to save us from our situations. He wants to give us the victory. He wants to give us joy unspeakable, full of glory. He wants to give us peace that passes all understanding. He wants to give us love, divine love that is doesn't fear loving our own enemies. That's the God we serve. 1 John 3:1 says, "Behold, what manner of love the Father have bestowed upon us that we should be called the sons of God. Therefore, the world knoweth us not, because it knew him not." Do you ever wonder wonder why nobody understands you, right? But they didn't understand Jesus either. That word behold means to see or to perceive, to consider, to be aware, to know, to understand or to be uh to be sure. Behold your salvation. Behold what manner of love the father have bestowed upon us. Beloved, now are we the sons of God. Even though it doesn't appear, but we know that when he shall appear, we shall be like him, for we shall see him as he is. And every man that has this hope inside of him, even though it doesn't appear, he has a hope in here. Even though it doesn't appear, he has a hope in here. Even though it doesn't appear. That's right. What's he do? He works towards becoming more like Jesus. Amen. He works towards becoming more like Jesus. You know, everybody don't have that hope. And when they don't have that hope, they they don't look they don't work towards it. Romans chapter 8:38, "Behold your salvation." Romans 8:35. I I'll start with here. Romans 8:35. Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? Think about your problem. Think about yourself situation. Who's going to separate us from the love of Christ? So tribulation, distress, persecution, famine, nakedness, peril, sword, employee, uh spouse, neighbor, the government, drones, countries. So some brother, some sister, so some trial, something we're going I'm just going to throw in the towel. I'm sorry. I believe the scriptures. I believe the scriptures. I'm not going to allow anything to separate me from the love of Christ. Nothing. Amen. And I don't care if you get in some big fight and you know you don't you don't feel like talking to to somebody. I'll say get on your knees. Get a hold of God. Say, "God, fill me with your love and and and and and and stand up and and and deal with that situation." Don't let anything separate you from the love of God. Now look, God ain't changing his opinion about you, right? But we can change our opinion about God, right? God is faithful. We're the ones that are struggling learning how to be faithful. As it is written, for thy sake, we are killed all the day long. In other words, we got trials coming and and we're counted as sheep for the slaughter. It just seems like sometimes nobody cares and and nobody's looking for us and nobody's helping us and and and nobody's reaching out for us. Just like counted as sheep for the slaughter. I'm just being slaughtered. Nobody seems to care. Nay, in all these things, we are more than conquerors. Even in that state of being slaughtered, nobody seems to care. We are more than conquerors. Think about that. Through him that loved us, it's through Christ that we can do all things. For I am persuaded that neither death nor life, nor angels, or principalities, nor powers, nor things present, look at that, things present, nor things to come. Behold your salvation saints for ne nor height nor depth nor any other creature shall be able to separate us from the love of God which is in Christ Jesus our Lord. Amen. Set your love upon him because he set his love upon me. I will deliver him. We got that first part to play. I'm going to put God first in my life. I'm not going to let anything come between me and God. If everybody else wants to jump ship, let him jump. I'm holding to God's unchanging hand. I'm staying with God. God allows sickness to come into our life in order to heal us. He allows bitter problems with people to come in order for God to forgive them through us. Right. Right. If if if and and if we forgive others, then God's going to forgive us. And if we don't forgive others, then God's not going to forgive us. So God allows these bitter situations. God allows all kinds of situations to happen in order for us to really behold the salvation of our God. 1 Chronicles 29:10. Wherefore David blessed the Lord before all the congregation. And David said, "Blessed be thou, Lord God of Israel, our Father, forever and ever. Thine, oh Lord, is the greatness and the power and the glory and the victory and the majesty. For all that is in the heaven and in the earth is thine. Thine is the kingdom, O Lord, and thou art exalted as head above all. Amen. both riches and honor. Amen. Come of thee, and thou reignest over all, and in thy hand is power and might, and in thy hand is to make great, and to give strength unto all. Now therefore, oh God, we thank thee, and we praise thy glorious name. Amen. You know what? That's right, Sister Linda, I want my prayer to be like that. That's how I want to pray. That's I want to look to God with a confidence. You you you read that and there's a confidence coming forth there. That's what I want to have. He have done great things. Yes. Don't cry in the wilderness. Don't be of those who have no hope, whose eyes are shut, whose ears are shut, who cannot see. Our eyes are open. We know who to go to. Yes. He's delivered us and saved us so many times. We don't have to go through the cycle and learn all learn all over like like I got to find out a new way. No, God is the way. He is the way. Psalm 71 verse 17. Oh God, thou has taught me from my youth. And hither have I declared thy wondrous works. Isn't it a blessing to have served the Lord? Well, however long you serve the Lord, the longer you serve the Lord, it's a it's an honor. God, oh God, thou has taught me from my youth. You know, God even tries to teach the youth. Praise God, brother Luke. God's teaching you. I think that's glorious. I think God cares about the youth. He cares about us. And hitherto have I declared thy wondrous works. Now also when I Now also when I am old and gay-headed, oh God, forsake me not until I have showed thy strength unto this generation and thy power to everyone that has come. Thy righteousness also, oh God, is very high. Who has done great things, oh God, who is like unto thee. What an attitude to have when you got a problem. God, there's nobody like you. There's nobody that can help me like you can. I tell you, when you talk like that to God, you're stirring up the faith inside of you. Amen. And that's what we need. Because Jesus said, "If thou canst believe, all things are going to be possible." And and and and there's a reason that when God gives faith, faith is made in such a way to grow. And we do not make it into a rapture with faith for salvation. Your faith has to grow. You know, Brother Brand preached a message, perfect faith. It takes perfect faith for to make uh uh perfect perfect faith uh for perfect love to make it into a rapture. And it is the same, if I could say it like this, the same faith that's built in a mature way. You understand what I'm saying? But you can't just expect to go anywhere with God if you if you have this mindset. Well, I believed. I got saved. I got baptized. I'm saved. I guess things are just settled with me. That is not how it works. This is just the beginning of growing your faith. Now, every single day you have situations that come into your life and you've got to have your faith put to the test. You've got to exercise that faith and it's got to grow. And then before you know it, you're handling things with your faith over fear that you never did in the past because you're exercising your faith. Last scripture, Psalms 126:3, the Lord have done great things for us, whereof we are glad. Let's stand together. God bless you. The Lord have done great things for us. We should all be testifying. If you don't you don't go like we we should testify to one another. I mean, we're always dealing with problems with one another. Why not testify? I I think that would just encourage me if someone gave a testimony of a great thing that that God's doing, has done to remember what God has done in our life. Amen. Let's sing. Can we sing that uh song? He hideth my soul. Try. Let's sing that. He hideth my soul in the midst. Right in the midst in that secret place of the most high. He hides us there. [Music] Wonderful savior is Jesus my lord. A wonderful Savior to me. He hideth my soul in the cliff of the rock. Mary.
