################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-02 - 3.2.25 - satan's strategies - John Martin - John Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-03-02
Title:    3.2.25 - satan's strategies - John Martin
Speaker:  John Martin
Church:   Send The Light Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 46m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCLlkS-2WlM
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] See what God will do. Amen. Humble yourself and let him have his way. Love his word and his will obey. For his eyes are on the one whose heart is true. So humble yourself and see what God will do. Humble yourself before your Lord and King. Give him your heart. Offer your everything. There's no limit on the love he has for you. So humble yourself and see what God will do. Amen. Amen. Just be a vessel that he can use. Amen. Man, I'm going ask brother Mike if he'll just open in a word of prayer. Jesus. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Just over in the glory land. I have a home prepared where the saints abide. Just over in the glory land. And I long to be by my savior's side. Just over in the glory land. Just over in the glory land. I'll join the happy angel band. Just over in the glory land. Just over in the glory land. There with the mighty host I'll stand just over in the glory land I am on my way to those mansions fair just over in the glory land to sing God's praise and his glory share just over in the glory land just Over in the glory land, how joy the happy angel man. Just over in the glory land. Just over in the glory land. There with the mighty host I'll stand. Just over in the glory land. What a joyful thought that my Lord I'll see. Just over in the glory land. And with kindred save there forever be. Just over in the glory land. Just over in the glory land. How joy a happy angel band. Just over in the glory land. Just over in the glory land. There with the mighty host I'll stand. Just over in the glory land. With the blood wash, I will shout and sing. Just over in the glory land. Glad hosana is to Christ the Lord and King. Just over in the glory land. Just over in the glory land. I'll join the happy angel band. Just over in the glory land. Just over in the glory land. With the mighty host I'll stand just over in the glory land. Just over in the glory land I'll join the happy angel band. Just over in the glory land. Just over in the glory land. There with the mighty host I'll stand just over in the glory land. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. I'm looking forward to that. Amen. I have a mansion over the hilltop. Amen. I'm sisfied with just a cottage below. Oh, a little silver and a little gold. [Music] But in that city where the ransom will shine, I want a gold one at silver line. I've got a mansion just over the hilltop in that bright land where we'll never grow old. And someday yonder we will never more wonder but walk on streets that our purest goal though often temped tormented and tested. And like the prophet, my pillow a stone. And though I find here no permanent dwelling, I know he'll give me a mansion my own. I've got a mansion just over the hilltop in that bright land where we'll never grow old. And someday yonder we will never more wonder but walk on streets that are purest gold. Don't think me poor or deserted or lonely. I'm not discouraged. I'm heaven bound. I'm just a pilground in search of that city. I want a manion, a harp and a crown. I've got a manion just over the hilltop in that bright land where we'll never grow old. And someday yonder we will never more wonder but walk on streets that are purest gold. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Some glad morning I'm going to fly away and not on one of these planes that kind of does this. Some glad morning when this life is over. I'll fly away to our home on God's celestial shore. I'll fly away. Oh, I'll fly away. Oh, glory. I'll fly away. I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by, I'll fly away. When the shadows of this life have grown, I'll fly away. I'll fly away. Like a bird from prison bars have flown. I'll fly away. Oh, I'll fly away. Oh, glory. I'll fly away. I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by, I'll fly away. Just a few more weary days and then I'll fly away to a land where joy will never end. I'll fly away. Oh, I'll fly away. Oh, glory. I'll fly away. I'll fly away. I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by. I'll fly away. Oh, I'll fly away. Oh, glory. I'll fly away. I'll fly away. I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by, I'll fly away. Just a few more weary days and then I'll fly away. I'll fly away to a land where joy will never end. I'll fly away. Oh, I'll fly away. Oh, glory. I'll fly away. I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by, I'll fly away. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. So, we take up our prayer requests this morning. Um, Brother Brian Stanley who's visiting with us this morning says, "Please pray for my pray for my brother Jason that for his healing, for him to see Christ in me and also be become strong in Jesus." Amen. Amen. Sister Linda Helm says, "Please pray for me. I'm having a procedure done on Thursday on my heart. Pray while I am there that I may reach some soul for the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Uh Sister Linda Beckman says, "Our daughter Naomi and our grandchildren are traveling to Tennessee today. Pray for traveling mercies and safety by in the name of the Lord." Amen. Let's also remember brother Ron, sister Lori, brother Marty as they have flown away. So just pray that God will watch over them. Uh let's remember uh those that are struggling with cancer. Uh Sister Elizabeth Murphy, Brother Bill Bailey, Brother Bob Koba, Brother Ron Spencer. Um I'm sure there's others that we don't know about. But they'd appreciate your prayers. Cancer is a it's no respector of person and you don't know when you have it, you have it. But God is one that can take it away. So you want to remember those. Let's remember there are missionaries and those that are sick and afflicted. Let's all stand together this morning. Join our voices together. Amen. Dear Lord Jesus, love daughter shining light Father, I pray Jason Stanley Jesus remember brotherless. Let them be a light in everywhere everywhere you go. We pray father string cancer. I pray you reach out and mercy. May you just move by your spirit. Comfort those needed. May you lift them up. I pray Lord for the missionaries. May you give them souls. May you just bless this morning. Lord, anoint him. Anoint our hearts. Open our eyes, Father. Thank you for all. You guys were praying, right? Amen. You may be seated. Praise the Lord. Amen. I'm living by faith. Amen. I care not today what the tomorrow may bring. If shadow or sunshine or rain, the Lord I know ruleth over everything. And all of my worry is faith. Living my faith in Jesus above. Trusting confineing in his great love from a harm safe in a sheltering arm. I'm living by faith. faith and I feel no alarm. Though tempest may blow and the storm clouds arise, obscuring the brightness of life, I'm never alarmed at the overcast skies. The master looks on at the strife. Living my faith in Jesus above. Trusting confounding in his great [Music] love from a harm safe in a sheltering arm. I'm living by faith and I feel no alarm. I know that he safely will carry me through no matter what evil be. Why should I then worry? This may blow if Jesus walks close to my side. Living by faith in Jesus above. Trusting, confounding in his great love from a harm safe in a sheltering arm. I'm living by faith and I feel no alarm. Our Lord will return to this earth some sweet day. Our trials will then all be over. The Master so gently will lead us away beyond that blessed heavenly shore. Living my faith in Jesus above. Trusting confounding in his great love from a harm safe in a sheltering arm. I'm living by faith and I feel no alarm. Amen. Amen. Everything else will fall. It'll fail. Just your faith can't fail. That's right. Because Jesus said he prayed for it. Amen. So cards are all stacked in stacked in our favor. He prayed that our faith would not fail us. And I believe his prayers are better than mine. So I surrender all. Amen. All to Jesus. I surrender all to him. I freely give. I will ever love and trust him in his presence daily live. I surrender all. I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed Savior. I surrender all. All to Jesus. I surrender. Humbly at his feet I bow. Worldly pleasures all forsaken. Take me Jesus. Take me now. I surrender all. I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed Savior. I surrender all. All to Jesus I surrender. Make me save your holy thigh. Let me feel the holy spirit truly know that thou art mine. I surrender all. I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed Savior I surrender all. All to Jesus I surrender. Lord I give myself to thee. Fill me with thy love and power. Let thy blessings fall on me. I surrender all. I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed Savior. I surrender all. All to Jesus. I surrender. Now I feel the sacred flame. Oh, the joy of full salvation. Gloryy, glory to his name. I surrender all. I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed Savior. I surrender all. Amen. Amen. Let's all stand together. Amen. Amen. And ask brother stand if you'll just pray over the offering. Amen. Amen. Amen. You have to stay standing. I am resolved. Are you resolved? Amen. Have you decided the world ain't worth it? It's not. It's just going to pass away. Every every everybody had How many has got dreams this morning? Oh, look at that. Got you. You know, you're going to you're going to get some of those dreams and it's going to work out. Other ones you're not going to get. But the fact of the matter is is that after you die, your dreams go with you. The castle you built here, the bugs are going to destroy it. Really, everything that you've done that you said, "Oh man, I'm going to put my name right on that chair and that chair is going to be there and one day somebody's going to throw the chair out and not even know who you are." So I'm resolved today to live for him. Amen. because that's the only thing that'll last. Amen. As brother John also comes this morning. Amen. I am resolved no longer to linger. Charmed by the world's delight. Things that are higher, things that are no. These have all my sight. And I will hasten to him. Hasten so glad and free. Jesus great is highest. I will come to thee. I am resolved to go to the Savior leaving my sin and strike. He is the true one. He is the just one. He had the word of life. And I will hasten to him. Hasten so glad and free. Jesus greatest, highest. I will come to thee. I am resolved to follow the Savior, faithful and true each day. He what he saith, do what he will. He is the living way and I will hasten to him. Hasten so glad and free. [Music] Jesus great is highest. I will come to thee. I am resolved to enter the kingdom. Leaving the path of sin. Friends may oppose me. Po may beset me. Still will I enter in. And I will hasten to him. Hasten so glad and free. Jesus greatest highest. I will come to thee. I am resolved. And who will go with me? Come friends without delay. taught by the Bible, led by the spirit will walk the heavenly way. And I will hasten to him. Hast so glad and free, Jesus. God bless you, brother John. Come to me. Oh, I will hasten to him. Hasten so glad and free. Jesus, greatest, highest, I will come to [Music] thee. Amen. We have come to him this morning. We've gathered in this house. We've come to glorify him, to praise him, and to receive from him what we need to overcome when we leave here. Amen. Amen. Because God has made us overcomers. I greet you this morning in the beautiful name of Jesus Christ. Amen. It's good to be with his people. Amen. It's it's safety. Yes. Right. There's safety. It's outside of God's presence. That's scary. It is. Yes. God has God has blessed us with his holy spirit said I'll never leave you never forsake you. What a privilege it is to be with brothers and sisters of light precious faith. We want to uh just say it's so good to see brother sister Johnson here. Wonderful. And and uh a special blessing to see Brian Stanley and uh is it am Amanda or Amanda Evans? Amanda. Amanda. Okay. God bless you. Well, I know that brother Johnson has prayed the most prayers for you to be here today. It's a he's been waiting a long long time and God bless you for you know you come from a long distance. Thank you for coming and may God bless you today. May God bless each and every one of us. Today I want to make an announcement that we're going to have a youth meeting two weeks from today, March 16th. I'll be after obviously after service and we're going to set up an app and communicate with everyone. Uh but what I'm the reason I'm announcing this is I'd like to try to invite the church to be in prayer for our youth and to pray for our meetings. Uh we need we need you the you can you say amen youth? We need everybody praying for us. Amen. Amen. If you would turn in your Bibles to second Corinthians chapter 2. Second Corinthians chapter 2. This morning we want to talk about Satan's strategy just becoming more aware of the devices that Satan uses against us. I think often uh all you we get caught, right? We get caught in things that we don't really recognize and then it's it's like too late. Someone had given me this. I thought, well, actually, it was my daughter Ann. She just said it'd be just nice to hear uh something on this. And so, she's the one that kind of inspired this a couple weeks ago. Before we begin reading, let's just ask the author to help us today. Heavenly Father, we come to you, Lord, with open hearts. We've emptied out by your grace. Lord, your blood has covered us. We stand here washed. Now, Lord, we need to be filled with you. And we know, Lord, that the enemy is out to get us, but you're out to see us through. We pray that this time that would be taken would be used to equip us to be able to face the enemy, to recognize him. And I ask that you would bless every brother, every sister here, those that are watching in the live stream, Lord, that we might be better equipped that we might be able to uh with our lives serve you and not be distracted or hindered by the enemy. Bless your people. We ask that you would accompany thy word with revelation to our hearts. We'll be ever grateful for these things. we humbly pray in Jesus precious name. Amen. Amen. Amen. 2 Corinthians chapter 2 starting with verse number five. But if any have caused grief, he have not grieved me, but in part that I may not overcharge you all. Just bear with me. sufficient to such a man is this punishment which was inflicted of many. So that contrite ye ought rather to forgive him and to comfort him, lest perhaps such a one should be swallowed up with over much sorrow. Wherefore I beseech you that you would confirm your love toward him. For to this end also did I write that I might know the proof of you. Whether you be obedient in all things. To whom you forgive anything, I forgive also. Amen. For if I forgive anything, to whom I forgive it, for your sake forgive I it in the person of Christ. So when you forgive anybody, that is you're standing as Christ would inside of you. That's right. That's how powerful Christ is. But if you don't forgive, that's not Christ. Are you with me? Lest Satan should get an advantage of us, for we are not ignorant of his devices. God bless you. May be seated. Well, according to Revelations 12:9, we know that there was a great war in heaven. And the the Bible says the great dragon was cast out, the old serpent called the devil and Satan, which deceiveth the whole world. He was cast out into the earth, and his angels were cast out with them. And if the whole earth or the whole world is deceived, then they're also lost. That's right. They're lost. 2 Corinthians 4:3, we're just laying a foundation here. 2 Corinthians 4:3 says, "But if our gospel be hid, it's hid to them that are lost, in whom the God of this world has blinded the minds of them which believe not in their hearts, lest the light of the glorious gospel of Christ should who's in the image of God should shine upon them." So, we notice that this battle that went on in heaven, the angel and the devil, they were they were cast out. They went on the earth and all of a sudden their job is to deceive the whole world and it happens in the minds of people. And so we're talking about the Satan's strategies and and how he uses the devices. It it happens in our minds. A lot of times when we think about the problems that we have in life, it's with our boss, it's with a family member, it's with a neighbor, it's with somebody in the church, it's uh the government, it's my it's my doctor. It and and and we don't realize that the battle is in our mind. Amen. Now the dictionary definition of device is a plan, a method, a means, a tactic or a trick with a particular aim to accomplish something, a device, something that is used to get something an end result. Satan has a lot of them. in the Greek here that we just read the scripture out of uh Satan's devices are all if you look it up they're in our minds just what it says in the Greek it's in our minds in our thought in our intellect in our perception of things this is where the devices are at so when we look and we got problems everywhere in life we got problems with people I am sorry you are not looking at Satan's devices there Satan's devices places are in your own mind. They're not in the mind of others. That's right. You know, brother Brandon makes this statement, Satan can't do anything except he's got somebody to work through. And if he can get me to think something about you, he's got me. So the the see the key is to not let the devil have his his control here. I got to be aware of Satan inside my mind. In the message, how can I overcome? Brother Brandon said, overcome means to recognize the devil in every one of his tricks. We were always aware when the devil was speaking to our minds, then we would be able to overcome and say, "No, we're not doing that. I know I know he hit me. I know she she hit me. I know she she said this against me. I know that, but I'm not allowing the devil to mess up my mind because of what happened. Therefore, I'm going to turn the cheek. I'm going to give a soft answer. I I'm I'm going to approach this with the mind of Christ. God did not call me to uh rightly divide the evil that's coming out from other people around me. He just called me to be Christ. Amen. less Satan should get the advantage of us for we are not ignorant of his devices. And the message the contest brother Brandham says now this con this great contest has been going on for many years. It started in heaven and Satan was kicked out into the earth and then he became an enemy to God's people and since then he used all his strength and his strategy to pull God's people across the fires or into his fires. Amen. So we see his strategy is to keep us from heaven. I don't know how many times I've heard this. If you if you just born and die, you're head you're going to hell. you're heading right towards the fires without doing anything because what we're doing is we're fighting against the devil who says you're okay the way you are. It's a strategy. It's a device of Satan when we need to realize, humble ourselves that our nature must be changed. We must come into the nature of Jesus Christ in order to escape. Amen. We can't just say some words, I I'm sorry, get baptized and say I'm saved. It doesn't work like that. A nature has to be changed. We're born into the body by the spirit of Jesus Christ and it must be manifest in our life. 2 Corinthians chapter 10 tells us, "For though we walk in the flesh, I just want you to think about your natural life now. For though we walk in the flesh, we do not war after flesh." Think about the last time that you battled with somebody. Now, in all honesty, you shouldn't have to look that far ago, right? I mean, it happened just recently. For though walk in the flesh, we do not war after the flesh. For the weapons of our warfare, they're not carnal, but they're mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds. Yes. Now, this is all happening inside of us, casting down imaginations and every high thing that exaltth itself against the knowledge of God, and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ. What is what are what is what is the scripture telling us here? The scripture is telling us that every thought that we have that comes into our head is not of God. That's what that's telling us. But for some reason, when we function during the day, every man seems right in his own eyes. This is the way I think. This is the way I see it. This is the way it is. And he's not humble enough to say, "I could be wrong in what I'm thinking." We don't do that. How you going to cast it down? casting down imaginations every high thing that exaltth itself against the knowledge of God and bring into a captivity every thought until it comes to the be the obedience of Christ. Now you know what people allow thoughts to be whatever they're going to be. As long as I don't say them, I don't tell them, I don't have to worry about them. But the scripture is telling us that we need to bring our thought in obedience to the word. So we do have a responsibility with our thoughts. Even though we keep them from one another, we still have an obedience to the word with that thought. And so we should think that our thoughts need to be right with God. And having in a readiness to revenge all disobedience when your obedience is fulfilled. Notice this is it's no longer me fighting against Bob. It's not me having a problem with Bob. The battle is inside of me. So all of Satan's devices start in our mind because the decisions are made in the mind. And we've heard this before. Satan will like to get uh I'm going to take um James here right now because he's close to me. I think I can start to pick on him a little bit. It's going to be okay now. I've trained him. But if I got a problem, if I see something I don't like about James and I start, you know, James, I just I I just I don't like it when you do that. And he says, "Well, it's I can do that if I want to." And and he keeps doing it and I don't like it. Well, Satan just sits back and says, "I accomplished what I wanted to." They're just they're they're just going at it. See, but it's not James. It's the devil telling me that you need to deal with this like this in the message, the unity of God in the one church. Brother Brandham says in the Garden of Eden, it proved that the devil chose the head of man to work in, but God chose his heart. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, day forever. Brother Brandon says in the Garden of Eden, Satan chose his part of man, his head, his intellect, but God took his heart. But see, your heart, your faith will make you believe things in your mind that knows nothing about it. Amen. So, you cast down the reasonings by faith. You cast it down. No matter if he spits in your face, no matter what he says, what she does, no matter what happens, no matter what the eyes, the mind sees, the heart says, I will stay with the word. Stay with the word. See, you must be positive. You must stay there until you are positive. Then when you're positive, then there's nothing that can turn you. Now you're talking about stability. a mind. That's why the Bible says a double-minded man is unstable and knows all his ways because there's he no matter if he's standing with the truth at one moment something else can come into his mind and he's over here. So you can't depend on it. Imagine that you depended on your mail but you never knew if the mail was going to come. Sometimes it did, sometimes it didn't. Sometimes you you you go to the doctor and your appointment. Sometimes he's there. He says, "Oh, yeah. I I I just took the day off. I mean, this this would be good to upset people. So God wants to see stability. The only thing that's really stable in this world is God. Yes. The only thing that's stable is God. And if you want to become more stable, become more God. That's good, right? It's not you. It's God in you that makes you unstleness is the devil in you." Amen. That's right. In the greatest battle ever fought, brother Brandham said with this great battle started on earth. There had to be a mutual meeting place. There had to be a place selected for the battle to begin and for the battle to rage. And the battleground begins in the human mind. Notice it begins there. There is where the battle starts. The human mind was chosen for the battle place where it begins. And that is because that decisions are made in the mind, the head. So if you got a problem with somebody, you got a problem with the church, you got a problem with the pastor, pastor, you got a problem with some of the people in the church. I am telling you, the battle is here. It's not with people. And the quicker we can get that, the quicker we can start attacking the devil that's inside of us rather than the people that's around us. If the devil can convince me that I that that Bob is really doing bad and irritating me, then I'm going to make a decision to stand against him when I should be making a decision to help him. Right? All right. So he said, "Brother says," he says, "Where you where you got to meet the enemy is in your mind, not with somebody else you're talking to. You meet the enemy in your mind." Well, I don't got a problem with my mind, Brother John. Yes, you do. The problem is in your mind. It isn't with the person you're talking to. We've got to get that straight. You've got to make the choice. It meets you. And he says, "I want this little girl here who's very sick to be sure to listen now to this real closely." Decisions are made in the mind, the head. This is where Satan meets you because God made it that way. So if we want healing, we want deliverance, we want we want God's promises, we we need to have a mind that stays positive upon the word. Not just I believe here, I believe in God here, but we let our mind be negative. it doesn't work. Now, we've heard this the statement, ignorance is blessed. But ignorance is not blessed. Not recognizing the devil in your mind and your thoughts will never make you an overcomer. James 4:1 says, "From when once comes wars and fightings among you, come they not hence of your own lust?" And that war in your members is a question. Don't you don't you recognize what's going on inside of you? James 1:14, "But every man is tempted when he's drawn away of his own lust and enticed. It has nothing to do with the other people." Don't blame what's on the radio. Don't blame the government. Don't blame because they didn't bring you the right food. It's nothing to do out there. The battle is here. Amen. Ignorance is not blessed. We've got to recognize the devil in our minds, in our thoughts in order to overcome. Amen. So, we need to pull down the strongholds. Pull them down right here. You know, a lot of times we want to pull other people down. Pull the strongholds down in us. Strong thoughts that are bothering us. That's what a strong a strong There are bother. I just can't get this off my mind. Pull it down. Amen. God has given you the ability to pull it down. Cast down imaginations. Cast them down. Just I mean, go cast it down. I was almost going to do that with a bottle of water, but I knew that wouldn't work real good. But you got to you got to be serious with the devil because if you play with him, you're going down. So, you got to cast down imaginations. Satan has the ability to present to our minds something that don't exist. Come on. How many times How many times has somebody said something to you and you thought they meant this but it was really that? True, right? And because you thought it was that, you got mad at them. It's very true. He has the ability to to make your mind think things that are not real. And why does he do that? because he's trying to get you so messed up, to get you off track so he can conquer and divide because Christ is not around a nature that's vicious. So, we got to cast down prideful thoughts. I'm right. We got to cast down lazy thoughts. I don't have to, selfish thoughts, hateful thoughts, uncaring thoughts, entitlement thoughts. Yeah, there's so many thoughts that we need to be aware of in our mind. You know, too often we look at other people as they are the problem. I have yet to have people come to me and say, you know, I got a real problem with myself. But that's where the problem is. And you got to spend all this time trying to convince them where the real problem is. And they say, "You just don't understand. You just don't understand what I'm going through. I think is we're not recognizing the enemy in our mind. Every high thing that exaltth itself against the knowledge of God and bring it into captivity, every thought to the obedience of Christ. Why? Because decisions are made in the mind. Decisions are made in the mind. And I'll tell you, we certainly would not want to take Reese and put him in charge of the entire uh we entire Michigan. He's in charge of everything. He's not quite equipped yet. We certainly wouldn't want to give an adult who's got a lot of smarts, maybe can handle be being uh uh a a mayor or something like that. But yet in his mind, he's so here, there, everywhere. He's spinning. There's no you don't even know. You can't trust what he's going to do in the next 10 minutes because there's there's nothing there to control. I'm telling you this this this message is so important in the aspect that we need to gain greater control in happening what's happening in our mind. We just need to decisions because a a a decision being made from somebody that is all over the place is going to be like a a like a landmine going off. But if you could just be settled established in your mind is there. You know what to do with every thought that comes in. Then you can make the right decisions. Then you can overcome. Yes. Then you can move forward. Amen. Brother Bon says this is where we meet Satan is in our mind. So next time you got a problem with somebody, remember the problem is happening in your mind. I understand you got problems with people. I understand that. that is that's not the problem that you should be thinking about, right? Because persecution is going to come, affliction's going to come, all that's going to come. You can't do away with it. That's the way God made it. But what we need to be focusing on is what's being spoken to our mind because that is where we can be an overcomer. We may be we can't stop. Hey, look, could anybody stop the things that were happening in the world? You can't stop necessarily other people. The focus needs to be how you handle it, how you view it, what does the word say you should do in this situation. Does the word say that you should do this or do that and and and you got to care enough to even try to investigate that, right? You you can't it's not going to be handed to you. I mean, remember the last time that you had a a real problem with somebody, a real problem? I mean, they were yelling at you and they just stopped in the middle of yelling at you and said, "Oh, can I help you?" No, they don't care about helping you right now. They're upset at you. So, you're not going to get help from the person that you are looking at is your enemy at this moment. But that's just a disguise. Their real problem is happening right here. So what do I do in this situation? Well, number one, don't let the devil have his way in your mind. Let the Holy Ghost in. Satan's devices are released in our mind. They're released. He has a strategy to get us away from obeying the will of God. Now, you know, you got some problem and it may seem real minor and it has nothing to do with your salvation, but the fact that he's trying to get your nature not to be the nature of Christ, this is his strategy. Because you notice this, when you get upset about something, all of a sudden you don't feel like trying about doing anything, right? Because it affects your affects your your mindset. You've let the enemy in and before you know it, you don't even care anymore. And you know what you're going to say? It's all because of you. You did it. You made me do this. Right? Often Satan wants us to think that we're fighting against other people, against flesh and blood. Ephesians 6:12 tells us, "For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places." So we must recognize the devil in our minds more and more and just cast down the reasoning. Cast down the imaginations. Cast down every thought that wants us to think that we got a problem with somebody. I'm I I I this is the way I like I like to look at it. If this person acting like a devil, I just like to say in my mind and he's acting like a devil. That's it. But don't you realize what he said toward you? I know what he said towards me. The devil's always accusing me. I don't care who. He uses a lot of people. He uses a lot of people to accuse me. It's still the devil. Still the devil. The devil anointing people to attack. But that doesn't give us a right to attack them. And if we do, we're just a pawn. We're just we we we ju just a pawn. So we're not fighting against people. We're fighting against spirits. And the more that we understand this, the more spiritual we can be when we're in a situation. Verse 13 says, "Wherefore take upon you the whole armor of God that you may be able to withstand in the evil day, having done all to stand." Put on the whole armor of God. Verse 11 says, "Put on the whole armor of God that you may be able to stand against the ws of the devil." Amen. Now, notice this this great chapter about putting on the armor of God. It isn't there telling you this is how you talk to somebody that's being mean to you, right? It's not that kind of counseling. What it is is it's everything is on the in it's for the inside man because the battle is on the inside. It's the spirit. You're you're battling in the spiritual realm. You're not battling in the flesh. The thing is if you if you allow that spirit to come out of your flesh, then you're starting to battle in the flesh. But how are we put on the whole armor of God? We try our thoughts. We recognize that the devil is trying to confuse us to tr he's trying to get us bothered. He's trying to get us upset. He's trying to get us off track. He's trying to get us to doubt God. He's trying to get us to get so distracted involved with other things that we just don't recognize the it's the devil in us. Amen. I hate to say this. You know, we don't like to think the devil is in us. We're such a vessel of God. You know, I got the Holy Ghost. Yes, but we can get the devil in our mind. How do we know it? Just look at how you act. That ain't God. You can say you got God, but it'd be better to manifest you got God. You understand? In order to do that, then you've got to have control up here. You got to have the mind of Christ here. You got to battle spiritually here. Amen. And our opening scripture, one of Satan's devices is to get people not to completely forgive others. That's what our opening scripture is. This starts in our mind. Thoughts come into our mind about others. Well, they did this to me. They made me feel like this. This is what their intent was. He says a lot of stuff. Well, I'm not, you know, I'm not going to let that happen. I'm not going to, you know, I've been hurt too many times. And the devil gets in there and he makes gives you a reason why not to forgive somebody from your heart. Cuz he knows God will not forgive you. He knows God will not forgive you if you don't forgive others. Right? If you Jesus said, "If you forgive not men their trespasses trespasses, neither will your father forgive your trespasses." Right? To the point he says seven time. So his whole thing about you feeling bad or ill towards what somebody did to you is not about it. It's not about proving to you that this person is so bad, right? That he's not worthy of your grace and mercy. It's not that. The devil wants to poison you. With ill with with when you don't forgive somebody, you know what you're doing? You're putting yourself above that person. Amen. And God says, "You think I'm going to allow you into this kingdom of mine when I forgave you and you can't forgive somebody who's done much less to you than what you've done to me?" It's like we we operate like carnal carnal, right? It needs to be seven times 70. It doesn't matter. You did it. Forgive you. Just move on. Act like it didn't happen. Don't sit there and say, "Well, you know, I'm not gonna forget this. You've did it to me. You've did it to me now seven times." Come and tell me somebody's done it seven 491 times and then I I'll listen to you because I don't have scripture for that one. But I got the spirit in which Christ is speaking to me. 7* 70. is just have the same spirit of Christ always forgive. He's still forgiving us every day, but we get so used to it entitlement. Oh yeah, God, cover me with your blood. Forgive me. Yeah, we just go on. Take the blood for granted. Never feeling, God, I need to do better. I need to serve you better. I need to try harder. I need to love that brother. I need to love that sister. I need to reach out. That is I need to give back to the church how much the church has given to me. I need to pray for the church how much the church has prayed for me. We're so selfish. And all happens in our head. We don't recognize the enemy. It's part of Satan's strategy to provide believers with a reason to hold something against somebody. But with God, there's no respect to persons. The Bible says, "We've all sinned, come short of the glory of God." 1 John 1:8 says, "If we say we have no sin, we deceive our own self, and the truth is not in us." Verse 10, "If we say that we have not sinned, we make God a liar, and his word is not in us. But if we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness. I think we just need to recognize that we're human. We have battles up here and we lose them. And then if we're not careful, see, brother man said like this, the battle starts here. But where's the devil trying to get? He's trying to get you to get ill in your heart. But see, the love of God thinkketh no evil. It doesn't think ill of its neighbor. It it it it automatically if Christ is in the heart, it's just going to I forgive you. Let's go. Let's go forward together. Oh, you know, Brother John, it's not that easy. It's not that easy because the Holy Ghost is not where it needs to be. You think God struggles with unforgiveness? It's real clear. If you confess, he will forgive you. He's a faithful and just God. But if you choose, if you choose to hold things against people, then don't expect me to change my word for you because I don't love you more than my word. His word is first. God is no respector of persons. So, Satan will always provide us logical reasons to get us not to forgive somebody. And that's just a device, a strategy that he uses because he's never going to come to you and say, "You know what? If you just if you if you would just uh please hold something against Bob, just hold something against him. And I just want you to know when you're doing it, you know, God is not going to forgive you. He's never going to tell you that. He's just going to give you a reason why not why not to love and help Bob and say, "You know what? You're better than him. You're better than Bob. You know, you would never do that to Bob. Bob is bad. He's a bad boy." And then you think, "Yeah, I am pretty good. I would never lower myself to do that. and you're all puffed up. You know, that's just a device of Satan. It's a religious spirit. The Pharisees had it. Amen. And you can see it a mile away. You don't even have to hear somebody's word. You can see it right on their body. Oh, brother John. Yes. I'm saying it because it's the truth. Just because I never tell you doesn't mean I don't see it. You know, we're written epistles, right? Of all men. The way we act, the way we behave, the way we respond about things. What about our faithfulness? It all declares where we're standing with the word. We want to uncover Satan's devices. For a moment, let's just take a a root for an example. This has got some history. This came from a plant that um Cheryl had given her mom back in 79. is a rubber tree and it it had grown whatever the eight foot many times hit the ceiling and then it would get trimmed and a part of it would is is now today in Texas with Elizabeth. A part of it is went to Pennsylvania. U a part of it is um in Jackson and we got parts of that plant all over. And you've ever taken a a a plant and cut a leaf off of it and stick it in water and you start to grow roots. Yes. Okay. You you take those roots, they get good enough and you stick it in dirt and I'll tell you, get a plant. This is just another plant from that one plant in 79. And it started with just some roots. That shows you the power that can be inside of a root. Powerful. Amen. Satan has the ability to just take one little grudge and cause it to grow into so many different problems, one little thing, and before long you'll develop ill against somebody and it'll just stay there every time you see them, every time you think of them, every time his name is brought up, it'll just be there and it can linger and become a stigma and affect the way that you view things, right? Because the Bible tells us if we got hatred in the heart, we're blind. We can't see straight. But you know what? It can also affect those that are around you. Amen. I read one time that a corrupt soul affects all its neighborhood. Hebrews 12:14, "Follow peace with all men and holiness, without which no man shall see the Lord. And this word follow, it means to pursue. It means to press towards. It doesn't mean to. You're going this way and all of a sudden peace. Oh, oh, I'm supposed to go that way. No, you keep your eyes on it. You pursue it. You press into it. You follow it. Peace means a lot to you because it means a lot to God. For some people, the only way they get peace is if somebody makes it for them and says, "Here, I'll do this for you. I'll get underneath you. I'll do all the work. You be happy now." It's the only time they have peace. They don't know how to make it. But blessed are the peacemakers. For they shall be called the children of God. There is something to make peace. It takes work. It does. You take something that is not going good and you make it peaceful. Too many people don't care to even pursue peace with certain individuals. Want to add that because it's the old respect a person thing. But in all thy ways please the Lord. He'll even make thy enemies to be at peace with you, right? Follow peace with all men in holiness without without which no man shall see the Lord. Verse 15, looking diligently, lest any man fail of the grace of God, lest any root of bitterness spring up and trouble you and thereby many be defiled. So, I brought this plan in because I want you to realize that your little little uh thing that you're so bothered, been bothered with about somebody isn't doing much harm, but it's doing a lot of harm. Yes. That springing up, it means puffed up and germinated. Trouble. Anybody ever trouble you? That means annoy you. Yeah, we've been annoyed. and thereby many be defiled or contaminated just by what's inside of you. You don't only contaminate yourself, you contaminate others around you just by allowing a one rote of bitterness. Amen. It has the ability to grow. That's what we don't realize. We got this one thought in our mind and we think it's not a big deal. I got problems with so many people. It's just not. You know what? If you want to have joy in your heart, you got to get the devil out. Right? I'm gonna tell you, the Holy Ghost is joy. It's joy. It's love. It's joy. It's peace. When you got God, you don't got that other garbage. Don't tell me you got God and you got that garbage. It don't work like that. I don't care what you say, how much you believe it. It's a lie because it's not the word. It's one thing to to fall. It's one thing to make mistakes. But you stay down there and keep that spirit. You don't got the Holy Ghost. This gospel is to bring us up higher, not to give us a cloak so we can make it to heaven and do what we want to do. Look diligently. Look diligently inside. Make sure there's nothing there. a little little bitty root. It has the ability to do great damage to your home, to your church, to your workplace, to the guy or girl in the drive-thru window when you get the food. You didn't give me what I wanted. Ever walk away and you didn't get what you wanted? All of us have. I'm going back up the line. [Music] I paid. I'm busy. Somebody run you off the road or just kind of cut in front of you. I've had Why don't you just lay the horn on them? Little grudges are just a device of Satan. It's Satan's strategy to get us to to have a grudge and and keep it there long enough to it germinates and becomes a stigma that every time we see them, we think of what happened. That is not the Holy Ghost. That is not a bedding ground that tells me the Holy Ghost is reigning there. And I don't want to make the Holy Ghost or Christians something that the Bible says it's not. I'd rather bring my thoughts under subjection to the word instead of well, you know, this is a little bit different story. 1 Peter 5'8, be sober, be vigilant, because your adversary, the devil, is a royal lion, walketh about seeking whom he may devour. You know, another device, there's a lot of devices. We're not going to be able to get through everything, but here's a big one. Overconfidence is a device of Satan. Oh yeah, that's true. If the devil can get you overconfident, then you'll miss out on having more of God's grace. Right? Because he resists the proud. He gives more grace to the humble. Matthew 7:22, many shall say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in your name? In thy name cast out devils, and in thy name did many wonderful works. I mean, these men were confident. These women and men, these believers, these churchgoers, they were confident. They used the power of God. It worked right through their hands, through their mouth. They laid hands on people. They their mouth was used by God. And they were so confident. They were overconfident. Overconfident. He says, "Then will I profess to them, I never knew you. Depart from me, ye that work iniquity." Overconfidence is a device of Satan. He wants you to be confident when you should be saying working out your own salvation with fear and trembling. The church of Leodysia is overconfident because thou sayest, I am rich increased with goods and have need of nothing. Need of nothing. You know that is a you know you know how often I see that spirit in need of nothing. When you try to help somebody when you try to tell them what they need to do this is the this is what the word says and they say no thank you. That's saying in need of nothing because Jesus is not talking about natural things because you're increased with good, you're rich. He's not talking about the natural. He's talking about the spiritual. We get so filled our minds with the natural life that we live in that we're just spiritually blind. We're we're naked. We're wretched. We're miserable inside. There's no joy. There's no peace. We don't want to live for others. And we don't even see what's going on. overconfident, a device of Satan. Philippians chapter 3:12. I love Paul because Paul was a man who had just about everything. Had so much that God had to give him a little thorn in the flesh kind of keep him in his place. But I love his spirit. I love the spirit of Paul. Verse 12, Philippians 3:12. Not as though I've already attained. He wasn't overconfident. Either was already perfect, but I follow after. I pursue. If that I may apprehend that which also of also I am apprehended Jesus Christ. He's apprehended me, but I want to apprehend him like he's apprehended me. Brethren, I do not count myself as apprehended. But this one thing I do, I forget all my great victories that I had in the past that make me feel overconfident. And I reach for those things that I don't have yet. In other words, I want to come to the statue of a perfect man. I want to come in the image of Christ. I've been predestinated to be in the image of Christ, and I'm pressing towards that. See, the spirit is not about look at what I got. The spirit is about what I need to get. God gives you another day. He gives you another day to to be what he wants you to be to do what he wants you to do. He said, "I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus." And then he says, "Let us therefore as many as many be perfect have the same mind. And if anything be otherwise, minded God shall reveal it unto you." Then he I love this statement right here. Nevertheless, where into you've already attained, let us walk by the same rule. Let us have the mind the same thing. In other words, there are certain things that you have attained to, right? There was a time in your life that you didn't pay tithes faithfully. But then you got the revelation, God deserves the first of my life. And then from that moment forward, you begin to pay the tithe. At this point, I can say to you that you have attained to that. But he says the things that you have attained to have the same mindset. Maybe God wants me to do a little bit more. Maybe God wants me to give a little bit more. Amen. Maybe I need to press in a little bit more. I need to pray over the offerings with more of a sincere heart. It's all about the spirit that's behind. That's what I love about Paul here. He's telling us what a real true genuine believer who is a a prophet, right? He's a prophet of the New Testament. He writes 14 books of the Bible that millions of people claim promises out of he has this humble attitude and and we can't see that. We can't see. He said, "Follow me as I follow Christ." I believe he followed Christ. He's he's following Christ to be more in his image. Brethren, be ye followers together of me and mark them which walk. So in other words, you need to pay attention who's who's walking like like Paul is as you have us for an example. I mean, if you got somebody at, you know, at school, boys, girls, if you got somebody at school that's actually being bad, you know, stealing stuff off the desk and pulling the fire alarm when nobody's looking, you do not want to follow their example. And so, there's certain examples that you do not want to follow. If you see somebody hitting somebody, you don't want to follow that example. If you see somebody yelling at somebody, you don't want to follow that example. You don't keep it going. Keep the example going because we have the word as an example. We have Paul as an example here. For many walk of whom I told you often and telling you now weeping. Look at this heart that's coming out of Paul that they are enemies of the cross of Christ. Paul could literally say, "I can identify those who are selfish and they're enemies of the cross whose end is destruction, whose God is their belly, whose glory is their same, who mind earthly things." They're not even interested in the image of Christ. Don't want to be overconfident. All right? It is okay to say, "I'm an overcomer and be happy today in the service." I just want to know that. Here's the thing. We We got to get mad at the devil. We shouldn't be feeling bad about oursel for listening to the devil, but we need to get mad at the devil who's tricked us. This This word isn't against you. This word is for you. It's against the devil. What was the last voice that that brother Brandon heard when he went beyond the curtain of time in the message? The rejected king, he's he's beginning to tell the story. It was about 7:00 in the morning. He's laying in his bed. He expresses that he said this incident that he's going to tell, he said it has changed his life and he can never be the same. This one incident that happened. So it's pretty powerful. He said he was laying there and he just looked up. He heard something saying, "You're just starting. Press the battle. Just keep pressing." Now, he's 55 years old when this when this happens. He only lives five more years after this. But the voice said to him, "You're just starting." This is so profound to me. so profound of all the great things that have happened in his life and the voice is saying you're just starting but press the battle and keep pressing. So that's the message. He's laying there and he hears this and then he shook his head a minute. He thought well I probably was just thinking this. You know a person can imagine things. I'm just probably imagining. That's what he said. And then it said again press the battle. Keep pressing. Keep going. And I said, "Maybe I said it." And he put his lips within his teeth and put his hand over his nose. And there it came again. Amen. Just keep pressing. He says, "If you only knew what was at the end of the road." Vision. Vision. Why we're serving the Lord. Why we're here today. Why we gave our heart to Christ. Because there's something at the end of the road. Amen. And I heard something say, "Would you like to see beyond the curtain of time?" And brother Brandon says, "Ah, it would be such a help if he did." He had an amazing experience of perfect love. We know about that. And at the end of it, he asked the question at the end of all it. He says, "Do I have to return back now?" He didn't want to go back. And the voice said to him, "Yes, but keep pressing on." Amen. So he hears this laying in bed before he goes beyond the curtain of time. And he hears it when he's in heaven. The same message. So I'm here to tell you God is speaking. Amen. Is you hear you see a man, you see a voice, but you need to understand that God is here speaking. Amen. And who's going to receive it? the sheep. My sheep hear my voice and they follow me. The others just walk out of church and good sermon. Liked it. Thanks. I don't care if it's a good sermon. What I care about is we receive the word of God and it changes our life because that's what it's supposed to do. Amen. We know we had some some wonderful service here of late. So beautiful. That's what the word is for. The word is to change our lives. And we got to the only way our lives are ever going to be changed. Brother Ram taught us is through free more agency spoke about it in the in the message know if it not. And he he speaks about the outside body has five senses, five gates. The inside which is he calls it the spirit in this message. He said it also has five gates. But he says on the inside of that is the soul and there's only one gate. He says that's free more agency and that's where you make the choice to either believe the word or no I don't. And it's on and that statement I'm going to tell you it is that statement that makes determines whether your nature changes. Because if you believe it with all your heart you will pursue it. But if you just believe it intellectually, your your nature will never change. So it's Satan's strategy to get us to relax. It is God's strategy to say, "Press in." Amen. So notice the tactic. I don't feel like it. I I'm late. I'm tired. I just don't You know, that's Satan. Recognize Satan in your mind. Yes. Satan's device is to make you feel saved. so saved that today is not the day of salvation. So saved that I I don't have to do anything. And then Jude tells us, I want to put you in remembrance of a group of people that were saved at one time, but because they didn't continue in their salvation that he destroyed them. That's where he said, "Beloved, I give all diligence to write unto you the common salvation. It was needful for me to write unto you and to exhort you that you should earnestly contend for the faith that was once delivered to the saints. And who is Jude talking to when he's saying all these things in verse one? He's he's saying he's talking to the sanctified to them that are sanctified by God to them that are preserved in Jesus Christ and called. And he's telling this group of people who's called who's sanctified who's preserved. He's telling them that you need to contend for the faith. Amen. You need to press into all that God has for you. And he gives so many examples. But you know, Satan's advice is to get you so relaxed. You know, you're saved. You're in the message. Just relax now. All you need to do is go to church once in a while. Hop in here and there. Show yourself. Make your conscious feel okay. It's a device of Satan and it happens in our head. Nobody tells you that. Nobody preaches that. Satan does. The device of Satan is to get us to murmur and to complain. Yeah. Give me something. Brother Brandon says, "You you you you come to church with that spirit on you." He says, "Satan will give you plenty to look at. There's plenty. And I'll say there's probably more about me than anybody. But it it doesn't deter me from sharing the truth. Doesn't move me. Philippians 2:12, "Wherefore, my beloved, ye, as you've always obeyed, not in my presence only, but now much more in my absence. Work out your own salvation with fear and trembling." That's the part that's missing, people. don't feel they need any more fear of the Lord. They don't need to tremble. In fact, what they do with their life is they want to make you fear. They want to make you tremble. And God is calling us to make sure that we're pleasing him. Right? For it is God which works in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure. Do all things without murmuring and disputings. All things. All things. washing the clothes, washing the dishes, washing the car, washing whatever you do, do it without murmuring. Do without complaining. Don't don't come to church and say he went two minutes after an hour. No, not a no complaining. Do all things without murmuring and complaining. It's a device of Satan. Do you know busyness is a device of Satan? People get so busy that they're too busy to work for the kingdom of God. Too busy to help at church. Too busy to help somebody at church. They just use church. Too busy to be faithful. Some people are literally ignorant of what the word faithful means. In other words, they justify their ex they justify their excuses and still call it faithful. Now, there's a difference between the ox being in the ditch and finding a lot of oxes. Come on. I am telling you busyness is just getting you away from God. God never intended us to be so busy that we can't keep him first. It's a device and the thing that happens in our head. We we He's got the ability to make us think that we're okay. Not being content is a device of Satan. desiring more money, more things, more, more, more. Paul told Timothy in chapter 6 verse 8 of 1 Timothy, "And having food and remnant, let us be therewith content." Can we do that? Yes. But they that will be rich fall into temptation and a snare, and into many foolish and hurtful lust, which drown men in destruction and predition. For the love of many is the root of all evil, which while some covet after, they have aired from the faith and pierced themselves through with many sorrows. I just want to ask anybody here, does anybody here, would anybody here like to have more money? And those of you that did not raise your hand, um, you know that's not true. You know it's not true. We all would like to have more money. So, we all have to face this. Am I going to be content with what I have or will I pursue more? And here's the thing. If you're going to pursue anything or follow after anything, it should be God. You know, God is ma able to make all grace abound to us. So this not being content, it's just a device of Satan. And there's so many and it happens in our mind. It don't happen anywhere else. And I just if we can just say, God, I want you first. Amen. I want you uncover the devil in my mind. Help me to recognize the devil in my mind. Help me to overcome the devil in my mind. It's not my brother, not my sister, but it's me, oh Lord, standing there in need of prayer. Amen. It isn't need me wanting to have more money for this one. All I need to do is just want to do more for Jesus. All right, let's stand together. God bless you. We We weren't able to finish. But you knew that was going to happen, didn't you? Satan has a strategy against us to keep us away from God. But don't let him get the advantage over you. Don't per Don't let him provide your mind with something to get you off track. In other words, learn the devices of Satan. Don't be ignorant of the devices of Satan. I believe that God will see us through. Amen. This this message, saints, it was there to help us uncover the enemy. It's not for us to feel bad about anything. But if we don't recognize the enemy using us, then he'll continue to do it, right? We're the only one that can put a stop to it. Amen. Let's sing. When the battle's over, we're in a battle, but when it's over, we're going to wear a crown. Am I a soldier of the cross, a follow of the lamb? And shall I fear to own his claws or blush to speak his name? And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown. Yes, we shall wear a crown. Yes, we shall wear a crown. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in the new Jerusalem. Wear a crown. Wear a crown. Wear a bright and shiny crown. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in that new Jerusalem. Must I be carried to the skies on flowery bed of bees while others fought to win a prize and sailed through bloody seas. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown. Yes, we shall wear a crown. Yes, we shall wear a crown. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in that new Jerusalem. Wear a crown. Wear a crown. Wear a bright and shiny crown. And when the battle, we shall wear a crown in that new Jerusalem. Are there no foes for me to face? Must I not send the blood? Is this thou word a friend to grace to help me unto God? And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown. Yes, we shall wear a crown. Yes, we shall wear a crown. When the battle is over, we shall wear a crown in that new Jerusalem. Wear a crown. Wear a crown. Wear a bright and shiny crown. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in the new Jerusalem. [Applause] I must fight if I would rain. Increase my courage, Lord. I'll bear the toil, endure the pain, supported by thy word. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown. Yes, we shall wear a crown. Yes, we shall wear a crown. When the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in that new Jerusalem. Wear a crown. Wear a crown. Wear a bright and shiny crown. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in the new Jerusalem. [Music] Amen. How many believes you're going to wear a crown in this particular place? You cannot wear it unless you overcome. Right. Character is not a gift. It's a victory. Amen. And and what do we ought to overcome? Not the person we got a problem with, but it's our character that can't love them in their situation. Amen. Amen. Amen, brother John. Amen. Let's sing. We've been made more than conquerors by the grace of God. Sing it like you're an overcomer. We've been made more than coner. Overcomers in this love. We've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. We've been made more than coner overcomers in this life. We've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. We've been made coner overcomers in this life. We've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. Amen. In this life, in this life, we're overcomers. Amen. Not the life to come, but this life. Amen. And how we do it? Through the blood of Jesus Christ. That's the token. That's the Holy Ghost in you. So, let's just sing that. That the Holy Ghost come in
