################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-22 - 5.21.25 - The Church & The Bride - John Martin - John Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-22
Title:   5.21.25 - The Church & The Bride - John Martin
Speaker: John Martin
Church:  Send The Light Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RrQf6Y4xevo
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe that all things are possible. Lord, I [Music] [Laughter] [Music] believe. Jesus is here. All things are possible. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. All things are [Music] possible. Jesus is here. Amen. Let's look to him in a word of prayer now. Lord, we believe that you're here for you promised where just two or three would be gathered together that you would be there in the midst. And we don't doubt that, Lord. Sometimes, Lord, our feelings don't declare it, but our faith does. Lord, we're going to side with your word today. And Lord, we know that you're here to do exceedingly above all that we would ask, all that we would desire. We just pray at this time that you take away any barrier from us being able to receive more of you tonight. Take away any doubts. Take away any fears. Take away any distractions. Take away any um Lord, mishaps of the day, of the past, any anxiety or or thoughts of the future. Lord, we just pray that our whole focus today could be on a word that you would have directly for us. that as your word comes forth, Lord, today that there would be a faith that would rise in our heart to claim the very promises, Lord, that we're looking for in our lives. We ask that you'd be with those that are missing tonight, those that are not here, Lord. We ask that your spirit would go with and be with them in this hour, that you would help them with whatever that they're there's going on in their life. And somehow, Lord, may they be able to receive the word that we know is for each of us. Lord, we pray also that you'd be with those that are in the live stream today, Lord, that are watching online. Your Holy Spirit be with them and bless them in their homes today. Father, we commit the service into you. just ask your blessings now upon the entire service and anoint the word of God to us which we know is already anointed. But we ask Lord that it would be anointed to our hearts aresh today. May it burn within us. We love you. We thank you for these things now. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Turn with me if you would for opening scripture in the book of Matthew chapter 24. certainly appreciate our sister playing the flute and and this had been a good good time to have the trumpet or a guitar or a tambourine or Oh, but it would be good if more of us um that have instruments could play them. Amen. Uh I would like to start begin reading at verse uh 20 sorry verse 21. I know that I made mention of 23 but if we could start at 21. Amen. Before you're seated Jesus speaking here of the last days. And he said, "For then shall there be great tribulation such as not since the beginning of the world to this time, no, nor ever shall be. And except those days should be shortened, there should be no flesh saved. But for the elect's sake, those days shall be shortened." Then if any man shall say unto you, Lo, here is Christ or there, believe it not. For there shall arise false Christs and false prophets, and there shall shall show great signs and wonders, in so much if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect. Behold, I've told you before, wherefore, if they shall say unto you, Behold, he is in the desert, go not forth. Behold, he is in the secret chambers. Believe it not. For as the lightning cometh out of the east, and shineth even unto the west, so shall also the coming of the son of man be. For wheresoever the carcass is, there shall the eagles be gathered together. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. Well, we notice in this opening scripture here, it's talking about the two spirits in the framework of the church and that they're so close you literally cannot tell them apart. There's only one group of people that really know the difference. It isn't like it's known to everybody. It's only known to one group, and it's the elect. They're the only ones that know the difference between the two the two spirits. The one is a false spirit with the ability to deceive. It is accompanied with great signs and wonders. It is also has a a pompous, arrogant, doineering, self asssurance of where Christ is at. In other words, they feel Christ is so much in them that they have need of nothing. You can hardly tell them anything. And so they they have this thing about them. They know where Christ is at. Christ is here with this group or Christ is over there with that group or is it in Arizona in the desert or Christ is in the secret chamber of our church. Christ is in our special meetings. And you see there the people are drawn to that with signs and wonders and and Jesus said believe it not. Believe it not. And he makes it real comfortable that where the word is being broken, where the carcass is, there will the eagles be gathered together. If there's one thing I learned very young in my uh uh Christian walk is that Christ will meet you anywhere. Uh, Brother Bruce was telling me one time he went to a church and it it was it wasn't a message church, but as sure as anything, God spoke to him there. And see, God has the ability to connect with you wherever you're at. So, we can't put God in a box and say, "God is there. God is there. God is in this group. God is not in that group." The two spirits are so close today. Today, Jesus is speaking of our day. They're so close, if it were possible, that they shall deceive the very elect. But the elect cannot be deceived. Why? Because the elect of God are filled with the spirit of God. There is the difference. Amen. That's the only difference. God can't be deceived. And if you're filled with God, God will see you through. Not saying we're not going to get tripped up and stuff, but uh you're not going to miss it because you have the spirit of God in you. We want to entitle this message the foolish church and the wise bride. The foolish church and the wise bride. is the w the bride is not everybody in the message. It's not everybody that believes that God sent a prophet. It's not everybody that's not in a denomination. It's not everybody that understands serpent seed or agrees with predestination. Every message church has three types of believers in it. Amen. And there is a difference between a bottle being in the ocean and the ocean being in the bottle. So there's many people that are really in the ocean of the message. That have not received the message inside their vessel. Amen. Brother Brandham speaking of Judas a Scariot here in uh the message of what is the name of the message? I will get the name of that message for you at another time because I erased it off my notes here. But I believe it's questions and answers 53. I believe he gave them power against unclean spirits. So, what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be talking about the difference between the church and the bride. There are a lot of people that are in the church that think they have the Holy Ghost. As solid as anything, they think they have the Holy Ghost. And they do not have the Holy Ghost. And this this may be hard for some, but if we if we don't slice it the right way, if we don't rightly divide it the right way, we're going to get deceived. Okay? So, he said he gave them power against unclean spirits and they went out and they cast out devils. Is that right? And they healed the sick. Is that right? And they came back sanctified, rejoicing, jumping, shouting, praising God. Is that right? And they said, "Even the devils are subject to us." Amen. And Jesus said, "Don't you rejoice because the devils is subject to you, but rejoice because your names, your names are written in the book of heaven." Is that right? And Judas a Scariot was with them. One of them called out, sanctified, and his name written in the Lamb's Book of Life. Read Matthew 10 and see if that's not right. He called each one of them, and Judas and every one of them right down there. He sent them out and gave them power against unclean spirits. Now watch. Put on your shockproof vest. When Judas come right up through the church there as the treasure of the church working with the pastor Jesus. But when it come time to Pentecost, he showed his colors. He showed what he was. And with enough decency about him, he destroyed himself and hung himself at a sycamore tree to fulfill the prophecy. And that spirit of Judas will come right on and believe the Lord Jesus Christ. The devils believe and tremble. He quotes, "He'll come right up and teach sanctification just as pure a holy life as can be and put it and and and when it comes to the baptism of the Holy Ghost and the gifts of the spirit, he'll deny it. He'll show his colors every time. That's the spirit. Jesus said, "Beware in Matthew 24 again, the two spirits will be so close together that it would deceive the very elect." Is that right? Well, we read it. I'll tell you what I love about this. I It's like the Lord gave me that scripture before I ever came to the quote, but I just love a confir confirmation. So speaking here that the two spirits are in the church. The two spirits that are so close, they're in the church. And I want us to turn here to Matthew chapter 7. This wasn't in our notes either. If we could just turn put that up on the board. Um and if we could. Matthew chapter 7 starting with verse number 23. just showing again the how God can use somebody and they're really not in in the bride. And and here he's Jesus speaking in verse 21 of Matthew chapter 7, not everyone that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven, but he that doeth the will of my father which is in heaven. Now the Holy Ghost is what causes us to do his will. That is right. And many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in your name? And in thy name cast out devils, and thy name done many wonderful works. And then while I profess unto them, I never knew you. Depart from me, ye that work iniquity. So at this time, God is not accepting this group here to come into a rapture and to be his bride. He's he's saying, "No, I I'm not marrying you. I don't know you. Um, and they're saying, "Well, wait a minute. You don't know me. Yeah, yeah, you use me to cast out devils. I saw it happen." And and and literally I prophesied and it came to pass. In fact, I got a whole list of many wonderful works I did for you. And what are you trying to say? You don't know me. So, it's a a strong indication that we can be used of God and not have the Holy Ghost. All right, let's go to Matthew chapter 25 now and talk about the 10 virgins here. As most of us know the story, but I got some quotes on this. This is going to be a teaching between the church and the bride. They're two different people. Now, here's one thing that we got to watch for when we're listening to the tapes and we're reading the books. Brother Brandham interchangeably uses the church for the bride as well as the church is not the bride. He does. He uses it interchangeably. And you need to be careful every time you're you when you read the word church or you hear the hear him say the word church. Sometimes he means the church and sometimes he does not mean the church but he means the bride. Yes. So, Matthew 25:1, then shall the kingdom of heaven be likened unto 10 virgins which took their lamps and went forth to meet the bridegroom. Okay? And five of them were wise and five were foolish. They that were foolish took their lamps and took no oil with them. We understand that the oil represents the Holy Ghost. Amen. So there's a group of church members that did not take the Holy Ghost with them. But these are special group because they lived a sanctified life. Brother Brandon said, we'll read the quote if we got time. Brother Brandon says they are saved, but they're not in the bride. So you can live a sanctified life, can't hardly tell the difference and not have the Holy Ghost. Another thing I want to say to you, brother Brandon said justification is a is a work of the Holy Ghost and sanctification is a work of the Holy Ghost. So it takes you got a portion of Holy Ghost when you repent, receive Christ as your savior and then obviously to go on to live a life of sanctification. Well, that is the Holy Ghost in you living a sanctified life, but you still don't have the Holy Ghost. You don't have the Holy Ghost. Now, that's the hardest thing I think it is to accept because people want to say, "I've got the Holy Ghost. I've got the Holy Ghost." And it's foolish. God is calling that group of people who's sanctified, who's living clean lives as absolutely foolish. And I am making them I'm typing them as the church. This is the church. This I'm going to call it the foolish church. It is not the wise bride. It is the foolish church. Are you with me? Okay. But the wise, they took oil in their vessel with their lamps. And the bridegroom carried it, and they all slumbered and slept. And at midnight they heard the cry, "Behold, the bridegroom cometh, go ye out to meet him." Then all those virgins trimmed their lamps and the foolish said unto the wise. Notice the church member went on and and tried going to another church member to get what only God can give. And this is this is sad because I know this of assuredly. God calls everybody to come and get more Holy Ghost all the time. That's right. But they don't want to. They they the the de devil tricks them. But the wise answer is saying, "Not soul. If I give you what I have, there's not going to be enough for me. In fact, you need to go to the person that actually gives it out and buy for yourself." So, I like that because a real servant of God is going to point you to Jesus Christ, sir. because he's the only one that can give you what you need to become his bride. And I'll tell you, it isn't what you know of the message. It ain't going to make you bride. What's going to make you bride is you being filled with the bridegroom. Same spirit, bone of his bone, spirit of his spirit. Get filled with the Holy Ghost. And that makes you bride by one spirit. We're all baptized into one body. But you've got to receive the fullness of the Holy Ghost. And while they went to buy, the bridegroom came, and they that were ready went in with him to the marriage, and the door was just shut. Afterwards came also the the foolish virgins here, the other virgins that did not go in outside the door knocking. Lord, Lord, open to us. Notice they were spiritual enough to call Jesus Lord because they sung the song in church, right? He is Lord. But they truly didn't make him Lord. They didn't because who made them Lord was the ones that went into the marriage. These they should have said Savior, Savior. Right? Not all that say Lord, Lord unto me shall enter into the kingdom, but he that doeth the will. But he answered and said, "Verily I say unto you, I know you not. Watch therefore, for you know neither the day nor the hour when the Son of Man cometh." So the foolish virgins, they represent the church who goes through tribulation. The wise virgin represents the bride who goes into the rapture before the tribulation period. Now we know the difference between the foolish virgin, the wise virgin. It was the oil which is the Holy Ghost. And so the difference between the church member and the bride is no different than one's got the Holy Ghost and the other doesn't. And they may be justified and not sanctified and they may be sanctified and justified but they don't have the Holy Ghost. The church I'll say it like this. The church does not have the Holy Ghost. That's that is so shocking. That's a that's a real eyeopener. The church does not have the Holy Ghost. They can be justified and sanctified but not have the Holy Ghost. Justification, sanctification, all these casting out devils and you know praying for people and seeing things happen. Uh this is just honestly without going on to receive the Holy Ghost. God looks at that and says that's foolish. That is a foolish church member. foolish church member. The church is lacking the Holy Ghost, but the but the the wise virgin, she has the Holy Ghost. And to me, this is the most striking thing about this message. Whereas the bride is either has the Holy Ghost or she's in the process of getting it. It's one or the other. Brother Brandham, as I made mention, interchanges the word church for bride. And you just can't think he means one or the other. You've got to catch what he's saying by by catching what he's saying. You okay? Can I want to continue on this questions and answers on uh it's questions and answers on Genesis is actually what it is. some quotes again on the difference between the foolish virgin and the wise virgin. And brother Brandon uh goes on to say, "Now watch quite a few quotes today. What the tri when tribulation strikes, he says the church goes up." Now remember just an ordinary church without the Holy Ghost goes through tribulation. See, now he's he's he's he's telling them the church both ways. It's only the elect that goes goes through. All right. It's the bride. Now, the remnant was left. Now, when a woman goes to cut out a pattern for her skirt, you talk about it. She lays the goods out. Is that right? The piece of goods. And she lays her pattern down on this. Now I've seen uh many times you just you pin the pattern on this material and she does the fixing the pattern is to be cut. So she does the fixing where the pattern is to be cut. Oh brother, this really do you good. This really do you good? He says who does the electing? God does. Just like the woman who lays the the pattern out. She does the electing where she wants the shoulder to go, where the sleeve to go, where the side to go. She lays it out. She's the one that determines where it wants to go. God is the one that does the electing. Who he chooses to be bride. God does the electing. Is that right? It's not me to say. It's him to say, and he places the pattern over who he will. Now he says, what is a virgin? Virgin means pure. It means holy. Is that right? What is a virgin girl? It's a virgin who's ever been touched. She's a virgin. What is anything that's pure like a virgin like olive oil? It means it's been distilled until it's virginity. It's pure. It's it's it's a virgin gold. It's with all the dross went through the heat and everything's boiled out of the draws. It's is that right? All of it. All the iron, all the pyite, and everything else is just boiled out in its it's in its virginity. Now, there's where the 10 went to meet the bridegroom, Jesus said. That's right. How many agree with that? Say, "Amen." Congregation says, "Amen." Amen. Love doing that. 10 went to meet him. Now, watch. All of them were holy. Well, in order to be holy, they had to be sanctified. That's cuz that's the only cleansing, the holy stream that God has is sanctification. Is that right? Now, watch. Of the 10 that were sanctified, five didn't have oil in their lamp. And five had oil in their lamp. Is that right? And what does oil represent now? Not the purity or the virginity. That's not what the oil represents. The oil represents the Holy Spirit. Amen. Wow. So, it's not about well, us women shouldn't cut our hair. Our men should cut our hair. Uh we should uh you know, not wear shorts. We should we should uh you know, be decent. We should live decent lives. we should look at the the the decent things. It's not just that. That's just living clean lives. Now, it's important to do that, but just because we do do that doesn't mean we've got the Holy Ghost. It's Yes, it is hard. But here's the thing. We got the devil telling us all the time we got the Holy Ghost. Tells the church all the time we got the Holy Ghost. And I'm going to tell you, you tell a man that's got the Holy Ghost, you know what he's going to do? I need more Holy Ghost. But you tell someone that don't got the Holy Ghost they got the Holy Ghost. You know what they're going to do? Feel comfortable, you know. So, it's it's an important message. 10 of them were virgins. Five was wise, had oil in their lamps. The other five was just as pure and holy, but they had no oil. They were sanctified, Brother Bam says, without the Holy Ghost. Made it real clear right there. But you can be justified without being sanctified. And you can be sanctified without having the Holy Ghost. You can be clean, live pure lives. You can have a form of godliness and deny the power thereof, speaking in tongues and great gifts of God. And every one of them is in there. He said, "There's your five wise virgins who had oil in their lamps, rapturing faith." He says, "Believing in all the signs and wonders and prophecies and everything, and these five cut out of the remnant were taken away," he said. Beautiful. That's the bride. And the rest of them were still virgins and will not be lost, but will go through the tribulation period. And they said, "Give us of your oil. We want the Holy Ghost now." And they said, "Go buy from him who s to you." And they went to pray through then because that's what you have to do. If you want something from God, you got to start praying. And they went to try to pray through then to receive the Holy Ghost. But the Gentile dispensation had been finished. and the persecution arose. And he said they were cast into outer darkness. There will be weeping and wailing and nashing of teeth representing the tribulation. But in the second resurrection, there will be sheep that will be separated from the goats, but never the bride, never the elect. What is the remnant? That's the piece that's left over. Same kind of goods. Is that right? You can go and cut a dress out of calico and spread it out. A big piece of calico and cut it out. It's your business where you want to lay the pattern. And it's God's business where he wants to lay the pattern. Amen. He cuts her out, right? Is that right? And now this the rest of the cal um calico left there. I'm not sure what calico is. One day I'm going to learn what that is. It was I'm sure it's something some kind of material. Could be plaid. It could be a lot of different materials. Is just as good as the calico in the dress. Let me read that. And now this the rest of the calico left is just as good as the calico in the dress. Is that right? But God's the election. But it's God's election. And the remnant is left to go through the tribulation period. The elect will go up. The remnant will be left here to go through tribulation period and all the end time and all the end of the time when they shall see what's happened they'll go down in mardom. So they'll have to give their lives right. They'll have to give their lives. It's like this you know Jesus says I gave my life for you. You accept that you get filled with him. then you don't give your life. You reject his Holy Spirit. See, you reject my life, then you give yours. It's it's it's as simple as that. Then look, you say, "Well, now, Brother Brandon, do you mean to tell me that there's going to be a people that's going to be there at the white throne judgment?" He said, "The bride will never be judged." No, sir. She's Christ. How do you know? How do you get into Christ? By one spirit, you're baptized into one body. Is that right? Now, look here. The Bible says judgment was set, the books were open. Is that right? The book of sinners. And another book was open, which is the book of life. And every man was judged out of thus. Is that right? And who's doing the judging? Jesus. And the saints. He said he came to minister. Who is it? Who is our ancient of days whose hair is like wool? We said, "And 10,000 time 10,000 with him and ministered to him in the judgment." Here's Jesus returns as king and queen. The wedding's over and he's married. Here's the king and queen standing there and there uh stands that sanctified bunch. God said, "Stand to my right side here." And that's the books were open with sinners. Get over here to my left. Here's the ones that had their names written in the book of life. Here's the ones that had their names written in the Lamb's book of life. Brother Brandham said, "My name is written in there." And he said, "Brother Van, my name's written in there. I'll go." He said, "Wait a minute. Judas's Scariot was sanctified." Woo, brother. You better wake up and pinch so you can get it. That's what he said. He said Judas's Scariot's name was in the in the in the book of life as well. And his name was taken out. So Jesus said, you know, rejoice that your names are written in the book of life. I I'll say it like this. We ought to rejoice that our name is not going to be taken out of the book of life, right? Let's take it a step further. Let's let's keep pressing on. You know, there's one way to assure confidence is that you're always pressing on for more of God. where the church member is always fighting this spirit of I got other things I got going. It's a relaxed state. It's a state of there's no emergency to get the Holy Ghost. No emergency to get it. I don't have to go into emergency. I'll just see my regular doctor when I can get an appointment. And you know, right now, you know, it's running a long time and I don't feel like, you know, really seeking God now. I'll probably just, you know, work on it next month. Next month comes and you, you know, by the time you get down and you're still not hearing from him and you just want to wait another month, but you need to get into the emergency. You need to get, brother says, you need to get desperate. That's right. Think about how many times the foolish virgins came to church and heard God woo them. Come receive more Holy Ghost. many times and that church member church members just sat there and did not heed the wooing. Just come to the altar, get into the prayer rooms, humble yourself, make the consecration, rededicate yourself, press in, seek me, set your affections on things above, take it by force, draw nigh unto me. All these woos, God's drawing you to receive more of him. Because if you draw nigh to God, he'll draw nigh to you. You seek, you shall find. You knock, it shall be answered. You knock, the door shall be open. God promised it. But if we don't do our part, Jesus said, "Ask and it shall be uh ask and it shall be given you. Seek and you shall find." Acts Luke uh I'm Acts Luke. What is that? It's Luke, no Acts. Luke's 119. Luke, no f all over. Luke 11:9. Ask and it shall be given you. Seek and you shall find. Knock and it shall be open unto you. For everyone that askketh receiveth, and he that seeketh findeth, and to him that knockketh it shall be open. How many people have rightly tried to seek the Holy Ghost, didn't get it, and say, "You know what? I sought it. I knocked. I asked, and I didn't get it." But I'm going to tell you what, they didn't ask, seek, and knock the way Jesus said. Because God's word don't lie. For everyone that askketh receive it, and he that seeketh findeth, and him that knock it shall be opened. And then he says in verse number 13, "If ye then being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much more shall your heavenly father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask him." Now, this is the only way to become bride. But you know there's a spirit in this message. There is a spirit in this message that says as long as you're in the message you're bride. There's there's spirits in this message that if you're not having a hoop hollering service, you don't have a a a dynamic prayer line, something's wrong. Then you got a group in the message that says, "Oh, we're way beyond that Pentecostal stuff." You know, it's the it's just the receiving of the word and that's all you got to do. You got so many spirits inside the message. And I'm going to tell you the answer is just get God living inside of you. And when you think you got God living inside you, the way that brother Brandham put it, he says, "Seek him some more. Get some more." And when you think you got it, seek some more and stay there longer and get more. He was always a promoter for more Holy Ghost. Because the spirit, you understand our cockaburn nature is always resisting dying out, right? Resisting the Holy Ghost because the Holy Ghost requires that. Acts 7:51, ye stiff neck, uncircumcised in heart and ears, you do always resist the Holy Ghost as your fathers did. Now notice these were uh people who lived for God. They went to church. They were religious and and you they they they paid their their their tithes. They they they they fasted twice a week. They did all those things, but they resist God taking control of their life. So, think about how many times the foolish virgins came to church and heard a different voice speaking to them. You already have the Holy Ghost. You're fine. You'll be okay. Not today. Maybe next time. What will people think if you come up to the altar? Well, you're doing better than so and so. Don't worry about it. Or you know, you agree with the message. You're not saying anything against the message. So, all these thoughts and spirits, they come and they speak to people. What are they doing? They're trying to diffuse people from seeking more Holy Ghost. The best way to ever uh get somebody to not seek the Holy Ghost is convince them they already have it. Why do I need to seek the Holy Ghost if I already got it? And it just devil says, "Great, I don't have to worry about him." John 10:3. John chapter 10:3. To him the porter openeth and the sheep hear his voice and he call his own by name and leadth them out. So you know that's why we can you know brother Brandham taught us that God deals with the Gentiles as individuals. So you may be the only one in the city. Think about that. The only one in your city not just your home. Not just the church, but the city and he calls you by name. That's why you can sit in church, you can hear some God speak to you, and you know it's God speaking to you. So he speaks to his own by name, and he leadth them out. And when he puteth forth his own sheep, he goeth before them, and the sheep follow him, for they know his voice. So I look at this as no different than the pillar of fire and the the pillar of cloud that led the children of Israel. Remember they led them out of Egypt. And then soon as the army started coming, they went behind them and protected them. So it was God was in front of them leading and God was behind them protecting them. Amen. And here's Jesus. He's calling them out. And then and then what does it say? He putteth forth his own sheep and he goeth before them and the sheep follow for they know his voice. So he's calling them out. He leads them out. Come out. And then he goes before them and he he protects them at the same time. And he makes this statement that the sheep follow him for they know his voice. So we've got to know the voice of God. And and it can't be this thing. It can't be this thing that we hear in our minds. I don't know how many times we hear voices in our mind and it and it it wants to uh manipulate us, right? I mean, have you ever heard a voice, you don't need to pray today, you'll be fine? You ever heard that one? That's a real voice. And you know, when you got a lot going on, you can reason with it. you can agree with it or you're tired or you just had a hard day. I I'm I'm just going to say that you can't think, you can't rely on the voices that come into your head. That's not the voice that he's talking about. God does not expect you to discern uh uh thoughts that are coming in to your head if you don't use the word because this is the true voice of God. Now, this voice can come into your head. And it does, but you don't not read the word, stay in the word, and just only listen to certain thoughts and try to, well, I'm pretty good at this. I can kind of figure it out because these thoughts will make they are the ones that keep you sitting down seeking the Holy Ghost. These are the ones that are telling you you got the Holy Ghost when you don't got it. instead of searching the scriptures, searching the message. You know, Brother Bam's telling us you can't just rely on God using your using your gifts and using you to do things and that that's an indication that you got the Holy Ghost. It is not right. Many will come to me in that day. It's be better if we say God do I need more of you? Yes. Do I need more of you, Lord? I want to be sure. Because I, you know, the thing is, I don't think the Holy Ghost ever uncchristianizes anybody. I don't think it does that. Because here's the thing. If you're so full of God, it don't matter what is spoken to you. You are not going to be moved and you're not going to be offended. Great peace have they that love my law, and nothing shall offend them. I'm sorry. I I Brother Brano often rededicated his life. Was it wrong the first time? Did he mess up the first time? There's just something about the wife of God that wants to make sure that she's pleasing him. And there's something about the church of God where they're just in need of nothing. Yeah. God says they're foolish. They're blind. They're they think they're in Well, here's the thing. It's pretty obvious that there's inside the the framework of the message. There is a group of people who are satisfied with being saved. They're satisfied with that. As long as I'm saved, I'll be fine. And then there's a group of people who really want to be his wife. Yes. And that group is willing to give more of their life to be his wife. And I'll say it like this, brother. God had put the pattern on you. He chose you and he put something inside of you. You You cannot deny who you are with him. You you it don't matter how many times somebody called you a church member. You know your bride. And and it don't matter how many times somebody said your bride, your bride, your bride, your bride, you're predestined, you still know that you got to press in to be his wife. Just nothing. If you if you you're you're his spirit inside of you is bearing witness and you're following through because the spirit is leading you, right? He go up before them, my sheep, and and the sheep follow him. So, they're obviously the the the shepherd is leading them somewhere. I mean, you can't even hardly get people to be faithful to come to church. And and the word the word, the voice of the word says all the more as you see the day approaching. I figured if if Brother Bruce can drive all this way to come to church, I should be able to come to church. That's the way I look at it. You know, there's people that will drive hours to go to church. There's people minutes away that won't. And you know what kind of sacrifice you got to make to drive hours? All over the world. All over the world. This is happening. Verse five. And a stranger will they not follow, but will flee from him, for they know not the voice of strangers. That's why it's important to stay with the word. Amen. All right. The church was the children of Israel that came out of Egypt. Exodus chapter 23. We're going to we're not going to obviously just so you know ahead of time when I first start. We're never going to go through all the notes. This just doesn't happen. I don't know why it is like that, but we'll just get what we can and trust God for the rest of it. Exodus 23. And it came to pass in the process of time that the king of Egypt died and the children of Israel sighed by reason of bondage and they cried and their cry came up unto God by the reason of bondage. And God heard their groanings and God remembered his covenant with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. So he's remembering his covenant he made with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. And God looked upon the children of Israel, and God had respect unto them. Exodus 3:7. And the Lord said unto Moses, I have surely seen the affliction of my people which are in Egypt, and have heard their cry by reason of their tasks. For I know their sorrows, and I come and I am come down to deliver them out of the hand of the Egyptians, and to bring them up out of the land, unto a good land, a and a large unto a land flown with milk and honey, and unto the place the Canaanites, Hittites, Amorites, Pez, Pezites, Hivites, and Jebusites. Okay? So, I've come down to deliver them and to take them somewhere. And it's not two different sentences. all one sentence. I'm not just gonna bring him out of Egypt, but I'm gonna take him into a better land. And by the way, that land is possessed by other demons right now. Now, remember, as they uh on their journey to the promised land, they were tested. And instead of being extremely thankful that God had brought them out of Egypt, every test they went through, there was some sort of murmuring, some sort of complaining. I think G said that 10 times. He he tested them, proved them to see if they would follow him with their heart, right? They did with their body, but their heart was back in Egypt. We know that Jude 1:5 says, "And I will therefore put you in remembrance of those people. Though ye once knew this, how that the Lord, having saved the people out of the land of Egypt, afterwards, destroyed them that believe not." So I think God can take his names out of the book of life. He saved them, but they did not choose to follow him. They were just going along for the ride to get out of their Egypt. You know, because life would be so much easier if somebody else was doing it for him. Jesus said, "Your fathers did eat men in the wilderness and are dead." Brother Brandham said that means eternally lost. Can you say amen to that? Here's what he said. But there was an elect within the church that God did not destroy. There was an elect group. So there was an elect inside that church and that was Joshua and Caleb. Numbers 32:10. And the Lord's anger was kindled at the same time. And he swears, saying, Surely none of the men that came up out of Egypt from 20 years old and upward shall see the land which I swear unto Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, because they have not what? Wholly followed me. In other words, that group of people, many will come to me in that day and say, 'Lord, Lord, did not we prophesy in thy name do many wonderful works and and and cast out devils. That group, that group there, there's a group there in the church that did not wholly follow. I mean, there are some people, they don't mind doing something for God if they're going to get recognition. Look at me, you know, I'm going to do this. But try getting them to do something that nobody knows about. No recognition, nothing. No glory. Bang glory. You know what? I don't feel allowed to do that. The majority of the people don't wholly follow the Lord. They they don't. Verse number 12. save Caleb the son of Junifth Juanith the Kzanite and Joshua the son of Nun for they have wholly followed the Lord and I think that's the difference when you get the Holy Ghost you've done well made a decision to wholly follow the Lord because it takes a dying out and God don't press it in you've got to want it you've got to want it you got to want it enough to put everything else aside to wholly follow the Lord Lord, these were the elect of God over 20 years old that came out of the world and truly walked with God. Verse 13, and the Lord's anger was kindled against Israel, and he made them wonder in the wilderness 40 years until all that generation had done evil in his the sight of the Lord was consumed. So for every year, for every day, I'm sorry, for every day that they spied out the land and saw that it was good because they could not deny that the land was good. That was the only part of the message that they agreed upon. It is a good land. It is flowing with milk and honey. Look at these grapes. But because they didn't believe that the God that brought them out of Egypt and killed the greatest power that was on the planet was able to take care of these other giants. They had to suffer one whole year for every day they spied out the land. It's true. That's why they wandered in the in in the wilderness for so long. Joshua and Caleb were the elected. But notice their attitude was different also in church. When they came to church, their attitude was different. I'll say it like this. It was an elected attitude, a pleasing attitude. And we know without faith, you can't even please God. But the others who spied out the land, their attitude was negative. It was in church. It was negative. doubtful, harm, harmful, was toxic, it was poisonous. You get around some people and they it's just a negative something coming out of their mouth. There's a way that seemth right unto man, but the end thereof is the way of death. It was a good land. The Holy Ghost is good, but but you have to give up everything for it. Numbers 13:28, Numbers 13:28 says, "Nevertheless, the people be strong that dwell in the land, and the cities are walled and very great, and moreover, we saw the children of Anoch there." Notice their their their attitude. They weren't claiming the promise of God. They were looking at the problem they were in. It's, you know, it's one thing to say, you know, this church has got a problem. You know, this church should be doing this. We should have this. Brother Ron, Brother Bruce, Brother John. Sorry for picking on you if I shouldn't be picking on you, but the attitude of this is what should be going on in the church. This should be better. But you know, in reality, there was no, "Hey, let's help." And anytime there's a spirit of criticism, but there's no heart to want to help, it's really not the elective spirit. It's not verse 31. But the men that went up with him said, "We be not able to go up against a people, for they are stronger than we." And they brought up an evil report of the land. Verse 32, which had searched unto the children of Israel, saying, The land though uh through which we had gone to search it, is a land that eateth up the inhabitants thereof, and all the people that we saw in it are men of great stature. I love verse 33 or not verse 33, I'm sorry. Uh let me continue in verse three. And there w and there we saw the giants the son of Anoch and which were come of the giants and we were in our own sight as grasshoppers and so were uh and so we were in their sight as well. Amen. So, you know, I understand that we have terrible trials and things that we face. That's just part of life. But the thing is, God has promised us love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, meekness, temperance, faith. And that's what you need to go through anything. Verse 30. And Caleb stilled the people before Moses and said, "Let us go up at once and possess it, for we are well able to overcome it." Now notice Caleb did not give any statistics. He did not talk about, he did not reason the situation through. He didn't say if we take three guys to every one of them. There was none of that. It was just this is what the word says. I'm standing on God's promise. God spoke it to me. I believe it. Let's go. And that's really what the ministry was that Caleb was preaching. But you know, the church didn't want to hear it. God said, "So be it." For 40 years, Joshua and Caleb was in the church, the only two that was elected. And they had to put up with murmuring, complaining. But you know what? It did not it did not come upon them. They kept themselves from it. And that that's the difference here. I I'm okay if the majority of church says, you know, let's murmur and complain and let's not go. And you know, that's fine if that's where it wants to be. That doesn't mean God's not here. Doesn't mean their life's not here. Doesn't mean the ministry is not here. It just means that the majority are not where they need to be. Right. Everybody would love a perfect church. I would love to be a perfect so you wouldn't have to deal with me. But you know, God is able to take people like Moses who couldn't talk and use him to get the word across to the people. All right, just so you know, oh my I do want to just share a couple things. These are scriptures. The elect is a special people. For thou art a holy people unto the Lord God. The Lord thy God have not chosen thee. For the Lord thy God have chosen thee to be a special people unto himself. The elect of God, the bride of God, is a chosen group of people. They're special. Now, I don't think they walk around telling everybody they're special. That's right. But I think because they have a revelation inside that they are a special people that they adhere to following the word. First Peter chapter 2:9 says, "But you are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a peculiar people that you should show forth the praises of him who have called you out of darkness into his marvel." So, I want to say like this that darkness isn't just the world to to to the light of salvation. Jesus said, "I am the light of the world." It's not just a salvation because there's many saved that are going through tribulation. And Jesus himself said, "They're foolish. They're saved, but they're foolish." And I believe that the elect lady that she's a special people. She's been chosen of God to walk in the greatest light that there is of the word to walk in all the light. To walk in the light as he is in the light and and and to keep walking and to keep growing and to keep getting closer. And they don't even have the concept of, "Well, I'm saved." That's the main thing. They don't even have that concept. I'll tell you, I hate that revelation. That's a revelation from the devil. It's a revelation that ain't from God. God don't have the attitude of, "Well, we we're out of Egypt. That's the main thing. We don't need this promised land." They don't. But verse 10, which in times past were not a people. I can say amen to that. but are now the people of God, which have not obtained mercy, but now have obtained mercy. Second Timothy 2 tells us, "Therefore, I endure all things for the elect's sake." Titus talks about uh Paul being a servant of God, an apostle of Jesus Christ according to the faith of God's elect. soul. In other words, the the God's people have a special faith because you need it to make a rapture, right? The the the elect go into a rapture. The chosen, the the wise virgin goes into a rapture. So, she's got to have the the that rapturing faith. Brother said, I'm just going to close with this. Many scriptures I had to skip. You can write them down. 1 Peter 1 and 2, we're elect according to fornowledge. But I want to get to Colossians 3:12. Put on therefore as the elect of God, holy and beloved, bowels of mercy, kindness, humbleness of mind, meekness, and longsuffering, forbearing one another, and forgiving one another. If any man have a quarrow against another, even as Christ forgave you, you know, you do the same thing. And above all these things, put on charity, which is the bond of perfectness. Amen. Let's stand together. God bless you. We we we are not a group that just says, "I'm the bride. We are a group that believes we are the bride." And we are following what the word says, doing all that God wants us to do to be like Jes. To be like Jes. I long to be like him all through life's journey. From earth to gloryy. [Music] My [Music] only to be
