################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-14 - 8.13.25. - Higher God - John Martin - John Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-14
Title:   8.13.25. - Higher God - John Martin
Speaker: John Martin
Church:  Send The Light Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6LOEHuAN_DQ
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. N. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] that we may apply our hearts onto wisdom. Lord, teach us to number our days. Teach us to number our days. Well, teach us to number our days that we may apply our hearts sound to wisdom. Lord, teach us to number our days. Hallelujah. Well, I greet you in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. And I believe uh that song is relevant to the loss of our brother Bruce. We don't have a promise to tomorrow. What we need to be concerned about is today and where we are with Christ. So Lord, we just ask you to be Our portion tonight that you will lift us up in the heavenly places with you that you might comfort our hearts, comfort our souls, &gt;&gt; knowing Lord that he's in a better place. Lord, we pray we pray that you just be with our sister Donna. May she strengthen you &gt;&gt; and for the rest of the family Lord for truly untimely just passing Lord. Lord, we just want to just thank you, Lord, that there is a place that we can go, that we can get to leave this world and we have a hope, a better hope of tomorrow. &gt;&gt; Lord, we pray that you just be with everybody here, Lord, as they're grieving, Lord. May that time pass and may we have a a period of joyful lordness with our brother Lord as he's moved on to be with you. That is all our hope &gt;&gt; for everyone here tonight Lord. Help us to number our days Lord that we might draw close to you in Jesus name. Amen. Let's just sing. Open our eyes, Lord. Open our eyes, Lord. We want to see Jesus, to reach out and touch him. to say that we love him. Open our ears, Lord, and help us to listen. Open our eyes, Lord. Oh, we want to see Jesus. [Music] Open our eyes, Lord. We want to see Jesus [Music] to reach out and touch him to say that we love him. Open our ears, Lord, and help us to listen. Open our eyes, Lord. We want to see Jesus. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. The comforter has come. Amen. Hallelujah. Just rely on him. He's the comforter. Amen. [Music] Oh, spread the tiding round wherever man is found, wherever human hearts and human woes abound. Let every Christian tongue proclaim the joyful sound. The comforter has come. The comforter has come. The comforter has come. The Holy Ghost from heaven. The father's promise given. Oh, spread the tiding round wherever man is found. The comforter has come. The long, long night is passed. The morning breaks at last. And hush the dreadful whale and fury of the blast. As old, the golden hills, the day advances fast. The comforter has come. The comforter has come. The comforter has come. The Holy Ghost from heaven. The Father's promise given. Oh spreaded tiding round wherever man is found the comforter has come. [Music] Lo the great king of kings with healing on his wings to every captive soul a full deliverance brings. And though the vacant cell, the song of triumph rings, the comforter has come. The comforter has come. The comforter has come. The Holy Ghost from heaven. The Father's promise given. Oh spread the tiding ground wherever man is found the comforter has come. Oh boundless love divine. How shall this song of mine to wondering mortals tell the master's grace divine that I a child of hell shouldn't image shine. The comforter has come. The comforter has come. The comforter has come. The Holy Ghost from heaven. The Father's promise given. Oh, spread the tiding round. Wherever man is found, the comforter has come. [Music] The comforter has come. The comforter has come. The Holy Ghost from heaven. The Father's promise given. Oh, spread the tidings round. Wherever man is found, the comforter has come. [Music] The comforter is here. The comforter is here. The Holy Ghost from heaven. The Father's promise given. Oh, spread the tidings round. Wherever man is found, the comforter is here. Hallelujah. Do you believe that? Hallelujah. Amen. We by faith we believe that this afternoon. Amen. It is so sweet to trust in Jesus. Hallelujah. Is so sweet to trust in Jesus. Just to take him at his word. Just to rest upon his promise. Just to know. Thus saith the Lord, Jesus, Jesus, how I trust him, how I proved him over and over. Jesus, Jesus, precious Jesus. Oh, for grace to trust him more. Oh, how sweet to trust in Jesus. Just to trust his cleansing blood. Just too simply faith to plunge meat the heing cleansing flood. Jesus. Jesus. How I trust him. How I proved him over and over. Jesus. Jesus. Precious Jesus. Hope for grace to trust him more. Jesus is to trust in Jesus just from sin and self to cease. Just from Jesus simply talking life and rest and joy and peace. Jesus, Jesus, how I trust him. How I proved him over and over. Jesus, Jesus, precious Jesus. Oh, for grace, to trust him more. I'm so glad I learned to trust thee, precious Jesus, Savior and friend. And I know that thou art with me, will be with me to the end. Jesus, Jesus, how I trust him. How I proved him over and over. Jesus, Jesus, precious Jesus. Oh, for grace to trust him more. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How many needs to trust him more? Amen. Amen. We just believe his word tonight. Amen. Lord, you are so precious to me. Amen. Lord, you are so precious to me. Lord, you are so precious to me. And I love you. Yes, I love you because you first love me. Lord, you are so gracious to me. Lord, you are so gracious to me. And I love you. Yes, I love you. Because you first love me, Lord. You are so precious to me. Lord, you are so precious to me. And I love you. Yes, I love you because you first love me. Lord, you are so gracious to me. Lord, you are so gracious to me. And I love you. Yes, I love you because you first love me. Hallelujah. You know, when we sing that song, sometimes I feel like he sang that song to us. You're precious in the sight of in the sight of God's eyes. That's his word. So he loves you and wants to give you peace. Amen. Let's just stand as we just get we're going to change the order of service and just read a few requests here. Amen. Our brother Jonathan has request for indigo's healing. Amen. We just pray that it be speedy that the Lord would just fully heal him. Amen. there would be no complications for his young and his bones will heal fast. Amen. We pray that. Amen. Our little sister Linda has requests. Please pray for a lady I met at Oldies to come to church and that we will be able to meet up and uh pray together. She said she was willing. Amen. You know, that's all God's looking for is willing soul. He'll do the rest if you're willing. So, amen. Also, our prayers goes out for our sister Don and her family tonight, Lord, as as they're grieving the loss of brother Bruce. And for all of us, for all he's we're all a family. And when some the Lord takes somebody and it's not expected, it does make it any easier. still loss. But we just pray that um that the Lord would just be everybody's portion, especially Donna and her family. Amen. For the weeks to come, the years to come. You know, sometimes when death hits somebody, there's a lot of people around. There's a lot of people to lift you up. But really for those that have lost people close to them, it's the it's the time after. It's the year after loneliness sometimes don't go away. So we just pray that uh the Lord would be her portion in them days. Amen. Let's just uh also lift up uh our sister an she had surgery today and I I believe is it is it a good report with the surgery sister? Yes. So we just pray for a speedy and full recovery for our sister Ann. I'm sure she would uh like to be with us and um Lord and anybody else that has a need here tonight. just just lift them up to the Lord for all those that we know our brother Bruce is with with Christ, but there's so many that pass away. So many in our families that don't know him. It's not it's our desire to see him later, but it's also our love for them that can compel us to bring them in. Let the Lord know your desire for that loved one. Like our sister said, the song that we sang at the beginning to number our days. We don't have a number. We could be the Lord could come at any time. That's his that's his will. We just need to be ready in in his will when he comes. Well, let's just remember all the missionaries. Let's remember brother Timothy as he travels uh to Canada and further on. for all the missionary God's missionaries for anybody that's suffering from cancer or sister Elizabeth let's just lift them up in prayer we all need prayer we all need to lift each other up so let's just go on one accord to the Lord tonight dear heavenly father Lord as we come to you tonight Lord and one body Lord one body that's Lord missing apart Lord but truly united with you Lord Lord, Lord, we suffer a loss, Lord. But what our loss is is your gain. And we're thankful for that tonight, Lord. We're thankful, Lord, that we can have an assurance, Lord, that there's there's a a better place awaiting, Lord, for all of us if we just, Lord, yield to you, Lord, just to come closer to you, Lord. Help us tonight, Lord, to draw closer to you, Lord, that we might be ready on that day of visitation, Lord. We pray for our sister Ann, Lord, with this surgery, Lord, that you would just, Lord, just give her a speedy recovery and a full recovery. Lord, for anyone else here that's suffering from an affliction, Lord, our faith, just reach us out to you tonight, Lord, for you're the one that called us. You're the one that Lord had showed the grace to us, Lord, on that day. You don't want to lose one of us, Lord. Lord, help us to realize that. Help us to open our eyes to what you would have in store for all of us, Lord, if we can just have faith to believe. Help us tonight, Lord. Lord, we love you. We praise you, Lord. Help all the missionaries, Lord. all all these the fires and all the things that are upon the earth. Lord, we know your comingings nigh. Lord, you've gave us a warning. Lord, let us heed that warning tonight in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Brother Marty, can you just uh do the tides? Yes. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Leave it there. Amen. We prayed our prayer. Now, let's leave it there. If the world from you holds all his silver and his gold and you have to get along with meager fair, just remember in his word how he feeds the little birds. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. Leave it there. Leave it there. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. If your body suffers pain and your health you can't regain. And your soul is always thinking in despair. Jesus knows the pain you feel he will fill and he will heal. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. Leave it there. Leave it there. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. When your enemies assail and your heart begins to fail, don't forget that God in heaven answers prayer. Amen. He will make a way for you and he lead you safely through. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. Oh, leave it there. Leave it there. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. When your youthful days are gone and old age is setting out and your body bends beneath the way to care. We will never leave you then. He'll go with you to the end. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. Leave it there. Leave it there. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. If you trust and ever doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. Leave it there. Leave it there. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We thank you, Jesus. Amen. We do have a tower uh of refuge. We have a place that we can go. Amen. But he won't. You got to go. You got to run to the Lord. &gt;&gt; Trust and obey. Amen. [Music] When we walk with the Lord in the light of his word, what a glory he sheds on his way. While we do his good will, he abides with us still with with all who will. Trust and oy. [Music] Trust and oy. For there's no other way to be happy with Jesus but to trust and oy. Not a shadow can rise, not a cloud in the sky, but a smile quickly drives it away. Hallelujah. And not a doubt or a fear, not a sign or a tear can abide while we trust and oy. Trust and oy for there's no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust and oy. [Music] Not a burden we bear, not a sorrow we share, but our toil he does richly repay. Not a grief nor a loss, not a frown or a cross, but is blessed if we trust and oy. Trust and obey. For there's no other way to be happy with Jesus but to trust and oy. [Music] But we never can prove the delights of his love until all on the altar we lay. For the favor he shows and the joy he bestows are for them who will trust and oy. [Music] Trust and oy for there's no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust and oy then in fellowship we we shall sit at his feet or will walk by the side in the way. What he says we will do. Where he sends we will go. Never fear and trust and oy. trust and oy for there's no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust and oy hallelujah hallelujah let's stand as as our brother comes out Lord let us just take your word tonight Lord and let it soo our soul Lord let us let us find a place Lord within that Lord that we can have peace. Amen. Can we just sing um He is our peace. What is it? What's that? Yeah. Okay. He is our peace who has broken down every wall. He is our peace. He is our peace. He is our peace who has broken down every wall. He is our peace. He is our peace. Cast all your cares on him for he cares for you. He is our peace. He is our peace. Cast all your cares on him for he cares for you. He is our peace. He is our peace. He is our peace who has broken down every wall. He is our peace. He is our peace. peace. He is our peace who has broken down every wall. He is our peace. He is our peace. peace. Cast all your cares on him for he cares for you. He is our peace. He is all your cares on him for he cares for you. He is our peace. He is our peace. Let's sing it one more time. He is our peace who has broken down every wall. He is our peace. He is our peace. Peace cast our peace who has broken down every wall. He is our peace. He is our peace. Cast all your cares on him for he cares for you. He is our peace. He is our peace. Cast all your cares on him for he cares for you. [Music] He is our peace. He is our peace. Amen. Let's give the Lord a praise offering. [Applause] We have someone that holds us when we need to be held. &gt;&gt; What a what a very sad time it is among us. There's really no words that can that can meet all the needs that we have, all the things that we feel, all the loss. God is uh plucked a flower out of his garden for heaven. &gt;&gt; We have lost a faithful soldier of the cross, one that will be greatly missed. Um, the scriptures tells us that we shall not all sleep, but there there's going to be a rapture. And I believe everybody that has died in the Lord would leave these words behind to get ready to meet me in the air. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And I believe that we we need to put every effort that we have um to press into Christ. I just believe that would be what our brother would want us to do if he would be to come back and give us some words. I'm leaving. He would want us to press him. Um I I'm I'm sorry I did not get to hear what brother uh Ron said. So if any of this is uh re repeated uh forgive me. Uh but um they have elected to have not a funeral service. Brother Bruce will be uh cremated. Uh but we were able um to get uh a service we could have a celebration of life with brother Bruce. Um and that will be on September 20th or I should say a celebration life for brother Bruce. we uh that we could uh get together and just got decided right right before the men's meeting. So, she was unsure whether we're to even do that, but I believe it would be a blessing to all the people to to have that. So, we're thankful that she was was willing um they are going to do something with their own family and just drive around to certain places that brother Bruce liked and just have their own private time together. They're kind of a private people in that arena. Um but we are thankful for brother Bruce and I um order she supported him in the ministry and the ministry was God-given and many people were were helped through the ministry and so we're thankful for the life of brother Bruce. We're just so thankful and he's going to be missed and um I'm looking forward to seeing him on the other side and we're thankful for the for him being a part of our assembly and I really believe he had grown so much in his time with us and we're we're grateful. We believe it was not an accident that he was among us and God used him to be a great blessing to all of us. Amen. Amen. But if you would turn with me to the book of Psalms for opening scripture. Let's pray for brother Ron also because there's a little bit more of a wait on him now um with having to do two services and amen Psalms chapter 61 we're going to read the two first two verses and have a word of prayer hear my cry oh God attend unto my prayer From the end of the earth will I cry unto thee. When my heart is overwhelmed, lead me to the rock that is higher than I. Amen. Our heavenly father, we thank you for the comfort that we get from your word. We know that if anybody else spoke to us, their word, there would be question to doubt. But your word cannot fail. It cannot lie. And we know that there is a rock for us that is higher than us that we can get strength from to help us in all of our need. And we pray tonight, Lord, first that you would remember Sister Donna. Uh that you would remember Ruth and Rebecca and just the extended family and that you would comfort them and and strengthen them and help them through this transition. Lord, that certainly has been a tremendous shock to them. You are the only one that can give us the help that they need. And we pray, Lord, that you would bless them with inner strength and peace, comfort that only can come from heaven. May it shine upon them and rest upon them. And Lord, we we thank you for the grace that you have given them. Lord, we thank you for being their rock, our rock, and the rock to all your children. Father, come and bless your word to our heart now as we look to thee for comfort. We pray these things in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you. May be seated. Um, Sister Donna is doing well. Um, she got a good night's rest and she had support from her friend. Um, and so I'm happy to announce um today that she's doing much better than she was doing earlier. Uh, we are probably going to be doing something with food. Maybe. I'm not sure yet, but we're going to. We got the okay to do that today. We didn't get the okay to do much of anything at the beginning, but praise God. Um, we do. And we're just thankful for our sister. She she loves the church and loves the people and wants us to be a blessing to her too. Amen. We'd like to entitle this message higher God. &gt;&gt; Higher God. And for a subject, God is leading us higher through our situations. Hear my cry, oh God. Attend unto my prayer. For from the end of the earth, from the very end of the earth, will I cry unto thee when my heart is overwhelmed, lead me to the rock that is higher than I. Now, we've all had situations where we felt just overwhelmed and there have been times we've had weeks that we felt overwhelmed and we just to the end we just really don't know what to do with our situation. We've invited God to live inside of us, but sometimes we're still searching for him. We've heard God knows our very thoughts, but sometimes we wonder. Does God hear our prayers? We heard that God cares for us, but sometimes we wonder where he's at in our situations in life. The Bible says he is our peace. We sung that song. But sometimes we feel in turmoil and confused and searching for that peace. We know that God said he'll never leave us nor forsake us. But sometimes we still feel alone. So when God allows these things to happen in our life, it can cause us to question the very nature of God. When our heart is overwhelmed, it can cause us to ponder or analyze where is he in this situation of overwhelmingness. Sometimes it's hard to understand the ways of God. To be honest with you, why he does what he does, why he allows what he allows, why we're left alone to wonder without answers, to suffer without comfort, to be afflicted without relief. Isaiah 55:8 says, "For my thoughts are not your thoughts. &gt;&gt; Neither are your ways my ways, sayeth the Lord. &gt;&gt; For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways and my thoughts than your thoughts." So we can never understand God's thoughts or his ways on our level. Amen. &gt;&gt; The answers to learning about God's ways cannot be understood through human intellect or human ability. The very thoughts of God are so much higher than the very thoughts of man. &gt;&gt; Turn with me if you would to first Corinthians chapter 2 verse 9. staying in this same vein of not being able to uh understand why we why we feel alone sometimes when we know the Bible says he'll never leave us nor forsake us. 2 Corinthians 2:9 says, "But it is is written, I have not seen nor ear heard, neither have it entered into the heart of man the things which God have prepared for them that love him." So, it hasn't even entered into the the realm of of man to understand the things of God. But God has revealed them unto us by his spirit. Notice, but God have revealed them unto us by his spirit. For the spirit searchth all things, the deep things of God. For what man knoweth the things of a man, save the spirit of a man which is in him? Even so, the things of God knoweth no man but the spirit of God. So for us to be in our carnal state of feeling this overwhelmingness and nobody cares and nobody understands and nobody sees what I'm going through to be in that state of feeling alone. We can never understand where God is at. We have to go back to the word &gt;&gt; where the word tells us it's through the spirit that we understand the ways of God. &gt;&gt; Now we have received not the spirit of the world but the spirit which is of God that we might know the things that are freely given to us of God. Which things also we speak not in the words which man's wisdom teaches. We're not up here trying to teach the things of God with man's wisdom, but which the Holy Ghost teacheth, comparing spiritual things with spiritual, but the natural man receiveth not the things of the spirit of God, for they are foolishness unto him, neither can he know them, neither uh they are spirit because they are spiritually discerned. Now, this is the thing about the the the the things of the natural man. When you go to try a try to try to tell a natural man the things of God that they are foolishness unto him. It It's only the spirit of God inside of a man that can receive the things of God &gt;&gt; because the Bible tells us to do a lot of things that just don't fit into our schedule. like to pray without ceasing, like to keep your mind stayed on him, like um there's many things, but if you you you if if you just trust the word and not try to go through the understanding of the natural man, which will certainly get you more confused, Because usually when we're overwhelmed, we just want God to fix the problem. &gt;&gt; We don't need something else to do. We don't need something else to preoccupy our time. We just want this thing taken care of. &gt;&gt; But this thing that's there in our life is the thing that God had ordained there. And God does not waste anything when he wants to build character. &gt;&gt; He doesn't waste a thing. He's not a waster. God reveals his nature to us through the spirit. Eye has not seen, ears not heard, neither enter into the heart of man the things that God had prepared for them that love him. What does God have prepared for them that love him? It is the nature of God. That is the only thing that's going to be in heaven. He brother Brandon says the only thing we're taking with us is the character of God. God reveals his nature to us through the spirit. It can't be through the natural part. It's hidden in the word. Of course, the nature of God is hidden in the word, but it takes the spirit of God to reveal it to us. He just doesn't reveal it to anybody, right? He hides it from the wise and prudent. He He hides it from those. It's not everybody that goes to church that gets it. &gt;&gt; It's only those who love him. That's what the Bible says. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; He's prepared it for those that love him. When you love God enough to say, "This is the word. I think I'm just going to do it regardless of how I feel." That is where God reveals himself. That's where God gives the strength. God was leading David to a higher place than where he was. This was not just something that happened to David by some haphazard chance and David just, you know, wanted to get up to a higher place. No, God was actually he orchestrated the situation. And God was actually leading David to a higher place, a higher place than where he was, a place that there was rest from the storm. a place that there was peace uh from the pressure that he was going through. You know, to me it's character when you can be in a place of trust when you're feeling overwhelmed. You know, naturally, you you take a a 2-year-old, a three-year-old, and you take their fire truck away or you take their dowel away from them. I mean, it is the worst thing that has ever happened to them in their life. &gt;&gt; They feel overwhelmed. There is no trust there that I'm going to get my truck back. I'm going to get my dowel back or or you know, I got mom's got this, dad's got this handle. There is nothing there. Their life has just went kapooie. And sometimes people children grow up to become adults and they never mature. And the only way they cannot feel overwhelmed is a situation to be gone. &gt;&gt; It's like they they don't know how to stay there and trust God that he's going to lead him actually out of this. Like how many times does God have to be faithful to us in our trials to realize that God is really going to be there through every one of them? He doesn't have to keep proving it over and over. He wants his children to stand up and say, "I remember the God that did this. I remember when he did this for me. &gt;&gt; Therefore, he will be with me in this situation." &gt;&gt; God allowed this situation that happened to David and it caused David to really call upon God. David was hungry for help. He wanted to be helped. Hear my cry, oh God. Hear my cry. He was crying. Attend unto my prayer. There was this situation that that you know why cry speak. He's here. He knows where I'm going. But yet there's something inside. He felt this overwhelming. And he said, "All the way from the ends of the earth, I will cry if I have to. When my heart is overwhelmed, lead me lead me to the place where I'm not at. It's it's it's it's no longer, you know, I'm in a place that I'm perfectly okay. No, I feel an overwhelmingness, but lead me to the place where I'm not overwhelmed. leave me there. He didn't say, "Take this situation away from me. &gt;&gt; It's not his character. It's not his nature. &gt;&gt; Because if it ain't this situation that we're going to be tried with, it's going to be another. &gt;&gt; It's going to be another. It's going to be another. It's either, you know, coming out of a trial, going into a trial, in a trial. is our life's going to be trials to him that overcomemeth. God was leading David to a higher plane than where he was at. Why this is so important when we're going through things we shouldn't be feeling take this away from me. I mean, Jesus wanted the cup to be passed that he wouldn't have to go to Calvary. If it's possible, let this cup pass from me. I don't want to have to go through this situation. But obviously in that maturity, he said, "Nevertheless, not my will, not the my thoughts, the way my my natural person is looking at this, not my will be done, but your will be done." Amen. &gt;&gt; And it was through that, if you notice, after that is when the angels came and they ministered to Jesus. They gave him grace to go through what he had to go through. &gt;&gt; But it had to go through more agency first. Too often we we live in this natural realm and all the things that we're going through, we just want we just want the thing to be fixed. It's like we don't even see God in our in in in in the situation. &gt;&gt; That is the truth. &gt;&gt; And God is is everywhere. He's he's with his children. Amen. &gt;&gt; If he said, "I I'll never leave you. I'll never forsake you." That doesn't mean he's not leading you to a higher plane. &gt;&gt; I just love the scripture. You know, David didn't say, "Take this thing away from me." I don't want to feel overwhelmed. &gt;&gt; He said, "Lead me to the rock that is higher than I." Amen. &gt;&gt; Lead me to where I am not at. There's a rock for every one of our situations and it's higher than where we're at. There's always a place for each of us that is higher than where we're presently at. No matter how difficult the situation is, no matter how we feel, no matter how much we're overwhelmed, there is a place that God has for us to where we can feel the peace of God. &gt;&gt; And I'll say it like this. It's a place where God is now. &gt;&gt; It's where he's at. He's saying, "Come, come here." Not there. And we're talking about not a literal place. We're talking about a realm. &gt;&gt; We're talking about a spiritual atmosphere. We're talking about a place where we're resting in the word of God. &gt;&gt; He wants us to move up to a higher plane. And these situations that have been created, they're so we call upon God. God wants us to call upon him. Why doesn't he just, you know, God, you know, I want this. Do it. He doesn't have babies. He wants to see character built. And we have to be willing to go higher than where we're at. Not just God, take this away from me, but go go higher than where we're at. &gt;&gt; Get more mature, get get more spiritual, get more trusting, get um I I've I I know this situation and I because David could handle the bear and the lion, he was able to handle Goliath. God's not going to put anything on us that we can't bear. &gt;&gt; Jeremiah 29 says, "For I know the thoughts I think toward you, sayeth the Lord, thoughts of peace and not of evil to give you an expected end." So God's thoughts which are higher now, &gt;&gt; they're thoughts of peace. They're they're a good end, right? They're they're not of, you know, you're bad, you did wrong. So, he's got these thoughts. So, what do we do now with these thoughts that God has because our thoughts are not his thoughts. What do we do? He's given us his thoughts. His word is his thoughts. &gt;&gt; Verse 12 says, "Then you shall call upon me just like David did. And you shall go and you shall pray unto me and I will hearken unto you. That's right. &gt;&gt; You shall seek me and you find me when you search for me with all your heart. &gt;&gt; Lead me to the rock that is higher than I. If we're not willing to call upon God to get higher to seek him, he didn't say, "Well, you shall seek me and find me when you, you know, when you say your little prayer, you come to church, you give some money, you do this little thing, God is looking for all of our heart." Amen. &gt;&gt; And the more we call upon God, the more that God will come and give us, I believe, the desires of our heart. &gt;&gt; God's higher thoughts for us are thoughts of an expected end of peace. How do we get there? Just like David did. Cry out from the end of the earth. Call upon God. just like David did. Seek God just like David did. Search for God with all your heart and you will find God on a higher plane. &gt;&gt; Lead me to the rock that's higher than he didn't say drag me there. &gt;&gt; He didn't say give me the, you know, the easy path. Give me your word because thy word is a lamp to my feet. It leads me to where I got to go. We hear the word. We follow the word and it leads us higher in Christ. &gt;&gt; We can't do our thoughts. Our thoughts are carnal. Our thoughts are works. Our thoughts are I do this, I should get this. This needs to be taken care of. No. God wants you to stand there in the middle of the midst of the fire and trust him. &gt;&gt; God wants to give every one of us an expected end. &gt;&gt; He He don't want any of us to miss it. And I believe we have to have the faith to believe that we can't be uh I believe it's quite easy for every one of us to have old me right like I I I think brother Lando you should be you should be doing more for me right &gt;&gt; where really the word says we should be living for one another. Not everybody living for me. I don't find that in the word. It's find someone and help them and don't stop and don't stop. God wants to give all of us an expected end. Ecclesiastes 3:11 says, "He hath made everything beautiful in his time." &gt;&gt; You talking about an expected end? He have made everything beautiful in his time also. He have set the world in their heart so that no man can find out the work of the work that God maketh from the beginning to the end. So God's thoughts are higher than our thoughts. His ways are higher than our ways. Man can't do it, but God can reveal to us what we're to become. Amen. &gt;&gt; And it we're it does not yet appear, but we know that we shall be just like him. &gt;&gt; When he appears, we know that the Bible says it. We don't feel it, but we believe it. We act upon it. How do we get there? Do the things we know to do. &gt;&gt; Brother Bam says, "Forget about, you know, you want to know more things and get more from God, more revelation." He says, "You might as well forget about that if you don't learn to do what he's already told you to do. Be real good with ABCs. Be real good with ones and twos. And do what he's told you to do. No matter how simple it may seem, no matter how much you think you don't need it, you need to do that because he has in his mind to make all things beautiful in each one of our lives. &gt;&gt; God has so arranged it that we literally have to call on God for help. Psalm 646 verse1 says, "God is our refuge and our strength, a very present help in trouble." I don't know what this is, but you know, a lot of times people want to talk about the God of prosperity, the God that is is great to be just worshiped and praised when you're feeling good, a a a God who uh it just you you get a sermon that that just helps you to feel better. But what about the God who's a help in a time of trouble? What about that God? &gt;&gt; He He's still God. But the thing is, when we're in trouble, we don't think about this God. We think about how to get out of trouble. We think we wish the trouble wasn't there. We complain about the trouble with a lot of things. But what we need to do is look to the rock that's higher than us. &gt;&gt; Look to that rock. I want this sermon to be applicable to all of us. The help that that God has for us. I want you to understand it's not here horizontally. It's not it's not, oh, I need to get brothers, sisters to do this for me. I'm sorry. The rock is higher than us. &gt;&gt; Our our help comes from above. Psalms 121 verse1 says,"I will lift up my eyes unto the hills from what's cometh my help. My help cometh from the Lord which made heaven and earth." If he made the heaven, he made the earth. He certainly can take care of my problems. So why doesn't he? Why doesn't he? Maybe I am not trusting him enough. Maybe I'm not believing enough. God is calling us to trust him more. He doesn't want us to take things into our own hands. What happens when we take things into our own hands? His our thoughts are not his thoughts. We may not know what God is going to do. The three Hebrew children did not know what they were going to do when they got put in the fiery furnace. We don't know what God's going to do. But, you know, we made a decision where we're standing on the situation. And they trusted God. Job trusted God. Jonah trusted God. He had to get put in a situation, but he finally trusted God. John 16:7. So God is leading us to the rock that's higher than us. He's leading us to the help that's higher than us. It's not horizontal, if I could say it like this. It's is it's it's vertical, it's higher. David expresses this not lower, not sideways. He expresses it higher. So just just understand it's it's it's upward upward. &gt;&gt; John 16:7 says, "Nevertheless, I tell you the truth is expedient for you that that I go away. For if I go not away, the the Holy Ghost is not going to come unto you. But if I depart, then I'm going to send him unto you. &gt;&gt; Now, when he comes, he's going to reprove the worldly nature that's inside of you. That's the job that the Holy Ghost is going to do. He's going to show you righteousness. He's going to bring judgment to the the enemy. He's He's He's going He's no longer going to have dominion inside of you. Now, this is what happens when the Holy Ghost comes. It all has to do with your nature. So, what is he doing? He's leading you higher. He's leading you to the nature of Christ. He's leading you out of the low thoughts and the well, I'm going to, you know, just act like a Christian or I'm going to have the the u the the the uh form of a Christian and I'm going to make you a real Christian. I'm going to give you the life. Oh, hallelujah. That's what God is leading us to do. Drop down to verse 12. This is a very hard thing for a human being. I have yet many things to say unto you, but you cannot bear them. Now, it is very, very hard to have your worldly nature rebuked. &gt;&gt; You shouldn't be doing this. You shouldn't be at this is the way a Christian should be. And and sometimes we don't like hearing it. And Jesus himself says, "I have many things to say unto you, but you can't bear them now. You you there's something missing in your life that you just you know what? I'm offended. You know, I can't I just don't ever talk to me. Don't talk to me about my kids like Don't." How be it? Verse 13 says, "When he, the Spirit of truth has come, this comforter, when he comes, he will guide you into all truth. &gt;&gt; He will lead you to the rock that's higher." &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; It takes conviction of the Holy Spirit. It can't be you listening to another human being. Oh, I don't I don't like what he said to me. I don't like what she said to me. I got offended. That bothers me. That's because you the holy because the Holy Ghost inside of you is not recognizing that God is speaking to you. &gt;&gt; That's why you need the Holy Ghost because the Holy Ghost will allow you to be led and guided higher into more truth &gt;&gt; because the God's job is not just to bring you out of Luther, &gt;&gt; out of Wesley. &gt;&gt; He wants to make he wants to see all his image inside of you. &gt;&gt; So he just keeps leading you higher and higher. Now here's the thing. If he's going to guide you into all truth, that means whatever he tells you, you're not walking in it. He's not going to tell you and vindicate all the time. The job of the Holy Ghost is not to vindicate. You got all the truth. &gt;&gt; I just want to let you know you got all the truth and there ain't nothing you need to do. &gt;&gt; It you know, but but we can get that attitude where I don't know this. I've never heard this. I don't feel this. Well, that's what the Holy Ghost is for is to get you into something you're not. &gt;&gt; That's why Brother Brandham could say, we come here to find out where we're at with God. &gt;&gt; Where are we? So, we have to place ourselves in in the place that I know the Holy Spirit is wants to see me higher than where I'm at. Now, if I compare myself with somebody that's lower than me, &gt;&gt; I can feel justified. &gt;&gt; I don't need to try. That's a trick of the devil. &gt;&gt; Or I haven't done nothing wrong this week. God, no matter how much of the nature of God that we have, God wants to see more. &gt;&gt; And when I say all truth, I'm not talking about all doctrine. like we got the message. We got the doctrine. &gt;&gt; Even the prophet said, "I'd rather have the right spirit than the wrong doctrine." &gt;&gt; So the spirit of God is what leads us higher. &gt;&gt; It leads us o away from uh uh anything that's negatively going on in our life. &gt;&gt; Because negative stuff's what makes us feel overwhelmed. God has an expected end for us. We've got to allow the Holy Spirit to lead us higher. The Holy Ghost has to be the one convincing us what we need to be doing that we're not doing. The the Bible tells us how would we know that we had sinned if we did not have a law. &gt;&gt; The law is what tells us whether what's right or wrong. Now, if you went to a church and if the church all they did was try to make you feel good, like you don't have to do anything. Just put your money in the offering plate, you know? I mean, you just you're sure in is is in. This is all about feeling good. Like, you don't need the Holy Ghost. Then you're you're you're in a man-made church. But if you're in a a Holy Ghostled church, I am sure of it that the Holy Ghost is always leading us higher. &gt;&gt; Always. We read not in the words which man's wisdom teaches, but which the Holy Ghost teacheth, comparing spiritual things with spiritual. For the natural man receiveth not the things of the spirit of God, for they are foolishness unto him, neither can he know them, because they are spiritually discerned. But I remember when I first got introduced to the Bible and got first introduced to the message and I would hear things and I would say, you know what, that's crazy. Why is that? I was seed, but why was I thinking like that? Because my thoughts are not God's thoughts. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; And if I don't get into the spirit of God, I'm going to look at everything currently. &gt;&gt; And and I'm going to look at things so currently, Brother Ron, I'm going to think I'm a great Christian. [Laughter] It seemed like the more that Paul got a hold of God, the more he realized he was nothing. Yes, you have. &gt;&gt; So, it's going to be hard for every one of us when the Holy Ghost comes and he's trying to lead us higher into all truth. &gt;&gt; It's going to require a lot of humility, right? &gt;&gt; The Bible says the humble heard him and we're glad. &gt;&gt; Jesus says, "I have many things to say to you, but you cannot bear it now." So when God is trying to lead us higher, our natural thoughts is, "Oh, please somebody take care of my problem." And God's saying, "No, believe in me. Look higher and I will lead you up higher." We're in the eagle age. &gt;&gt; We're the fly above the things. &gt;&gt; Because we know our God. &gt;&gt; We know our God. The problem is people don't spend enough time trying to know God. &gt;&gt; That's true. And then they don't know how to get through their trials. Trials. Nobody likes trials. Does anybody like trials? I see anybody here like trials? Nobody likes trials. Nobody asked for them. But if we focus on our trial, we're going to miss the higher rock because trials are a negative thing. The rock is not necessarily going to get us out of our trial because like I said, it's it's another dimension. We may stay right in the middle of the fiery furnace of our trial, but will not be affected. Will not be overwhelmed because God has led us to a place of trust, a place of real peace, real confidence. He said, "Come by me, gold tried in the fire." Amen. &gt;&gt; God is not moved. And when we have deity, which is God on the inside, we're not going to be moved. &gt;&gt; He'll help us. He'll hold us and he'll see us through. &gt;&gt; God is building his character inside each of us. He doesn't waste time. He doesn't waste situations. He's an awesome builder and we build together with him. In other words, if we're willing to say, Lord, I know that thisi situation has happened because you have ordained it to happen. It wasn't because, you know, my neighbor ran into my fence with his car. It isn't because of my neighbor. It isn't because of I remember um getting a phone call from the hospital and they told me that my dad had uh passed away during a very simple uh procedure biopsy procedure. Just they're going to go in there. they're just going to grab a little bit of this and just see what it is. And he bled to death and his lungs just bled to death right there. And I remember thinking the thought, why did this happen? Who who caused the situation? Who was the man that missed? What happened? remember having the computer thought, but I never ever put the blame on a human being. &gt;&gt; Just automatically went, I trust you, Lord. Everything is in God's hands. &gt;&gt; He's the ultimate. And I'll tell you, people who blame people are never at peace. People who blame people are never at peace. &gt;&gt; But people who trust in their God, they have peace. &gt;&gt; Cuz God is their refuge. &gt;&gt; And I'm so glad I never battled. I never battled. God spared my dad's life. I don't know how many times. He could have spared it again if he chose to, &gt;&gt; but he must have been most ready to go. &gt;&gt; Philippians chapter 12 or chapter 12. There is no chapter 12 in chapter 2 verse 12. We work and labor together with God to see our character manifested, which is the the character of Christ inside of us. Philippians chapter 2:12 says, "Wherefore, my beloved brethren, as ye have always obeyed, not in my presence only, but now much more in my absence, work out your own salvation with fear and trembling." In other words, I could be wrong about what I'm doing. I could be missing it. I could not be where I where I should be, where I need to be. For it is God which workketh in you. So this has to be the Holy Ghost. For it is God which workketh in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure. So he's he's obviously leading us higher, more character than what we have, more giving of ourselves up to become more like Jesus. &gt;&gt; And he says here, do all things without murmuring and disputing. So if you're going to do the will of God, do it without murmuring. Do it without, you know, complaining, without disputing. Well, I don't have to do it. I don't want to do it. they should have to do it. Do all things without that. If if God is in you, then do his pleasure. Just do what he tells you to do. Why? that you may be blameless and harmless, the sons of God, without rebuke in the midst of a crooked and perverse nation among whom you shine as lights in the world, holding forth the word of life, that I may rejoice in the day of Christ, that I have not run in vain, neither labored in vain. We are workers together with Christ. If we if we are going to just I don't want to do that. I shouldn't have to do that. I don't think that's I don't think that's fair. I think you know that I'm not doing that. I'm I am I'm sorry, but that's not the way. You're not allowing the Holy Ghost to work in you. You've got to give the right away for God to move in your life. &gt;&gt; Where the spirit of the Lord is, there's liberty. If you give him liberty, God will stay there. If you grieve, grieve not the Holy Spirit whereby you're sealed to the day of redemption. &gt;&gt; We've got to allow God to have preeminence in our life. Amen. &gt;&gt; First Peter chapter 4:12. We're still a little bit on trials here because it seems like that's one thing we got in common is trials. We all got them. Every one of us. You know who doesn't got trials, James? Who doesn't have trials uh besides God? He's got a trial. He's got to be patient with us. And if if I was to I was to ask you, Brother Ben, who who do you know? Who do you know that doesn't have trials? Okay. But you do know those people who don't complain about their trials. They stick out like a sore thumb. It is those people who look like they don't have trials, but they got them. &gt;&gt; They just don't complain about them. 1 Peter chapter 4:12 says, "Beloved, think it not strange concerning the fiery trial which is to try you as though some strange things happen unto you. But rejoice, rejoice." Now, this is really contrary to our thoughts. &gt;&gt; Rejoice in as much as you are partakers of Christ sufferings. Oh Lord, help us to get through this. I want to get to Philippians. Partakers of Christ suffering. In other words, God doesn't put a trial on you just because just to put a trial. &gt;&gt; He's trying to build character in you. &gt;&gt; Character doesn't come without the trial. It just doesn't. The prophet taught us that that when his glory shall be revealed, you may be glad also with exceeding joy. In other words, you've accepted this is the will of God for my life. If you be reproached for the name of Christ, happy are you. For the spirit of glory and of God resteth upon you. On their part is evil spoken, but on your part is glorified. But let none of you suffer as a murderer, as a thief, as an evildoer, as a busy body in other men's business. So you can suffer doing the wrong thing. So that's not the suffering he's talking about. So if you're suffering for that, you know, you you're probably not thinking that's strange that I'm suffering that I just hit that person and he's coming after me with a knife. It shouldn't be like a strange because you know you caused it. But when you didn't cause it and you're going through a trial, that's where you need to trust God. Think it not strange. God is in control of your life. Yet, if any man suffer as a Christian, let him not be ashamed, but let him glorify God on this behalf. For the time has come that judgment must begin at the house of God. And if it first begin with us, what shall the end of them that obey not the gospel? And if the righteous scarcely be saved, where shall the ungodly and the sinner appear? Wherefore let them that suffer according to the will of God commit the keeping of their souls to him that to him in welloing as unto a faithful creator. Now we all suffer according to the will of God. All of us do. When somebody doesn't do something to you that that that you don't want them to do or they shouldn't do or they say something or they treat you bad, you are now suffering as a Christian and you have a choice. You can be a Christian, act like a Christian, bear all things, wash their feet, be longsuffering, or you can let the worldly part of you come out. Let them know they have no right talking to you that way. &gt;&gt; So just commit it to God. You know, you'll never you you you are never going to change somebody by putting them in their place. People are who they are. You explaining everything and making it real perfect. Here's clear. Here's the scripture. Here's where you missed. Here's what's wrong. You know, you you you're never going to convince them. You're still stuck with seven * 70. You're still stuck with having to turn the cheek to go the second mile. You might as well just accept or pray for them. Separate. Don't engage because some people get a spirit on them. They literally don't care how wrong they are. &gt;&gt; They they just want to use you. They just want to use you. All right. First Peter chapter 1, 1 Peter chapter 1 verse 5 says, "We are kept by the power of God through faith." Can you say amen to that? We are kept by the power of God through faith unto salvation ready to be revealed in the last time wherein ye greatly rejoice. Though now for a season if need be you are in heaviness through manifold temptation. So there's many ways that we can become overwhelmed. One through manifold temptations. just a lot of trials going on that the trial of your faith it's much more precious than gold because gold is eventually going to perish though it be tried with fire might be found unto the praise and honor and glory at the appearing of Jesus Christ whom having not seen you love there's that love again you love him in whom though now you see him not you believe yet believe in you rejoice with joy unspeakable full of glory receiving the end of your faith even the salvation of your souls. How many loves the word? &gt;&gt; Love the word. Love the word. I want to do one more scripture before we um dismiss tonight and it's in Philippians chapter 3 verse number 10. God is leading us to a higher place even in the middle of our trials now in the world. This is how it was before I knew God. I just wanted this trial done out of my life. Get it out of here. Whatever I got to do to stop this thing. But now we realize that trials that happened to us that God has allowed that and that he uses the trial to actually build our character. So it's through that trial that we can say, "Lord, lead me to the rock that is higher than I." &gt;&gt; All right, you with me? Philippians chapter 3:10. that I might know him and the power of his resurrection and the fellowship of his suffering, being made conformable unto his death, if by any means I might attain to the resurrection of the dead. So, I just want to say it like this. If you never know God in your trial, you're not going to know God in the resurrection, in the power of the resurrection. &gt;&gt; Well, brother John, where do you got scripture for that? Okay, I'm glad you asked. We're going to just cut out of here for a second and go to 2 Timothy 2:11. It is a faithful saying, for if we be dead with him, we shall live with him. If we suffer, we shall reign with him. If we deny him, he will deny us. If we don't suffer, we don't reign. And Paul is saying, "Oh, that I might know him in the power of his resurrection, the fellowship of his sufferings." Now, knowing Christ in the fellowship of his sufferings, you're being made conformable unto his death. Not my will, thy will be done. Verse 12, not, now Paul said, not that I've already attained. Here he is 33 years later after getting saved. And he's talking like somebody that just got converted as far as I haven't I'm not I haven't attained yet. I just started serving the Lord. How many times you hear somebody say, "Well, you know, I I'm I'm just I'm just a babe in Christ. I just I've been I just started serving the Lord. Not as I've already attained. Either we're already perfect, but I follow after if that I may apprehend that for which also of I am apprehended of Jesus Christ. So Christ had apprehended him and he was reaching for to apprehend Christ. He hadn't had that. He hadn't achieved that yet. Brethren, I count not myself to have apprehended, but this one thing I do. I forget the things which are behind, and I'm reaching forth for the things which are before. I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling in Christ Jesus. I'm pressing. There's a rock that is higher than I. There's an image that I need to become into. In order for me to do that, I've got to forget where I'm at. I'm and forget that I'm good enough. I'm a good Christian. I'm there. I'm gonna work on everybody else. I gotta I gotta get where I got to. I to be honest with you, I'm going to be I'm just going to be completely honest. I don't think I have what I need to make a rapture. &gt;&gt; I'm just saying I got the attitude that Paul has. I haven't attained. I'm sorry. I haven't attained. I I believe I need to press. &gt;&gt; I believe that's what God want. I believe that's what the Holy Ghost wants us to do. I mean, if Paul had this attitude 33 years later, he writes 14 books. He's the first uh church age messenger. And he still has an attitude I haven't attained. &gt;&gt; Where does that put us? Where does that put me? Where it puts me is I need to have a humble attitude and press into God. &gt;&gt; I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus. Let us therefore as many be as many as be perfect, be thus minded. So if you're perfect, have this type of mindset. And if anything ye be otherwise minded, God shall reveal even this unto you. He just had faith, didn't he? Nevertheless, where unto you have already attained unto certain things. He said, "Have the same rule anyways. Let us mind the same thing. and be ye followers together of me, and mark them which walk also as you have us as for an example. I'm so glad that I can look to Paul for an example. I I don't have to trust another man. I I don't care how great of signs or whatever he could do to prove something. H the following he had Paul was so humble he said even if an angel come preaching any other gospel than what I've already preached let it be a curse &gt;&gt; he knew that the gospel he preached was from heaven &gt;&gt; and there is a rock that is higher than our situation but we have to be humble enough to cry out to it &gt;&gt; to press in. We can't sit around and wait for somebody else to do it for us. Character will never be molded. I'm telling you, the word coming into human ears is not going to make us into a rapture. We've got to have ears of the heart. He that have ears to hear, let him hear what the spirit is saying, the thoughts of God are saying. So, we've got to take the word more serious. We've got to we've got to come to church with this. I'm going to leave different. I'm going to leave closer to God. I'm going to take the word and I'm going to apply it. Because if we don't, we deceive oursel. We literally get clo further away from God. You got to remember there's millions of people that go to church. Millions faithfully go to church and are further away from God. Thank God that he sent a message to us to let us know that we're becoming more like him every week from glory unto glory. The Bible says, let's stand together. God bless you. There is a rock that's higher than our situation. We need to press our way into that rock. Keep crying out to God. I'm going to read two scriptures as the musicians come. One is Psalms 18:2. It says, "The Lord is my rock and my fortress, my deliverer, my God, my strength, in whom I will trust, my buckler and my horn of my salvation and my high tower." Proverbs 18 verse number 10 says, "The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into it and is safe." Just like David, lead me to the rock that is higher than I. Praise God. Let's sing that chorus. There is a place. There is a place. I [Music] There is a place I go. There is a peace that I can know. There is a joy I can attain. There is a strength that will remain. There is a prayer that I can pray and know the end serves on the way. Thank you Jesus for giving this to me. Thank you Jesus for for bringing victory. Thank you Jesus for providing [Music] everything I need. There is a place that I can go. There is a peace that I can know. There is a joy I can attain. There is a strength that will remain. There is a prayer that I can pray and know the answerers on the way. Thank you Jesus for giving this to me. Thank you Jesus for bringing victory. Thank you Jesus for providing everything I need. &gt;&gt; Amen. What a revelation in that. What a revelation in those words. Thank you Jesus for providing everything I need. Amen. Let's sing Rock of Ages. Cleft for me. [Music] [Music] Just clap for me. Let me hide myself in thee. Let the water and the blood from thy wounded side which flowed be of sin. The double cure. Save from wrath and make me pure. My tears forever flow. Could my zeal no langanger know? Peace for sin could not atone. Thou must save and thou alone. in my hand. No price I bring. Simply to the cross I cling. While I draw this pleading breath. When my eyes shall close in death. When I rise to worlds unknown. And behold beyond thy throne. Rock of aes laugh for me. Let me hide myself in thee. Rock of aes laugh for me. Let me hide myself in thee. Let the water and the blood from thy wounded side which flowed be of sin. The double cure. Save from wrath and make me pure. Amen. We have a rock that is higher than us. Amen. Higher ground. Higher ground. I want higher ground. How many is thankful to have the AC? &gt;&gt; We've had some trials with the AC. First there was this one. Then it was that one. Two services in a row. But praise God, they're working. I'm pressing up the upward way. New heights. I'm gaining every day. Still praying. Now I'm onward bow. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. Lift me up and let me stand by faith on heaven's table land. A higher plain than I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground onto scale. My heart has no. Doubts arise and fears dismay. Though some may dwell where these abound, my prayer, my aim is higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on hand and save a land a higher plane than I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. I want to live above the world. Though Satan's darts at me are hurled, for faith has caught the joyful sound. The song of saints on higher ground. [Music] &gt;&gt; Amen. Grant it, Lord. a higher place than I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. Amen. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's go to the Lord in in a word of prayer. Our heavenly father, we want to thank you for the hope that you've given us all. That there is a higher plane for all of us. A place that is above all doubts, all fears, all dismay, all overwhelmingness. Lord, even the things that we've gone that we're going through that we've never gone through ever before. There's a rock that is higher than us. And we thank you for being that rock, for showing us you are that rock. That you're a present help in a time of trouble. You are our fortress. You are our strength. You're our deliverer. You are our healer. You're our provider. You're Jehovah. You're everything. Lord, we want to know you more. We want to know you in those things. We want to become so attached to you, so close to you that we're never moved that we're just as solid as can be. Not to tossed to and fro, not wondering, but we're standing upon that solid rock. You said all other ground is sinking sand. Thank you for placing us our feet upon the rock, showing us that your word is where we need to be standing. And we thank you for the Holy Spirit that has revealed to us your word. The true rock is the revelation of thy word. And we thank you for it. Thank you for keeping us, Lord. We thank you for the keeping power of the Holy Ghost. Lord, and I pray that you would please bless each and everyone here, everyone that was here, those that were listening on the live stream, that you would bless their lives, strengthen them with more faith. No matter what test or trial that they're facing, no matter how many times they get overwhelmed between now and when the rapture happens, may there be something inside of them. Just looks to the rock, cry out to the rock. May they remember that Lord, you are there leading them higher above that situation. Grant, heavenly father, we pray, Lord, that you would watch over us now as we travel home. Travel to our places of abode. Be with those that are traveling right now that had to leave early. Be with them, Lord, on the roads. Be with us. be with our our dear sister Donna and and her and the children. Lord, may you bless them with a supernatural strength from above. Oh God, you keep Israel, you can keep our sister done. Lord, may she feel your love. May you keep her, Lord. We thank you for all these things. Bless this church, Lord. Give us strength. Give us strength, Lord, knowing we're one less in number that added so much to the body. was such an encouragement one-on-one and the ministry and such an encouragement and leading the worship. Oh God, we ask that you would be with us and strengthen our church. Lord, we thank you for this grace. We love you, commit oursel to you now. Give you the glory and honor for all things. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's sing that song. Um, we're going to make it as we're dismissed tonight. We're going to make it. We're going to make it. By the spirit of the Lord, we'll make it through. Jesus said he'd make a way. If the spirit we obey, we're going to make it. all the way. We're going to make it. We're going to make it by the spirit of the Lord. We'll make it through. Jesus said he'd make a way. If the spirit we obey, we're going to make it. All the
