################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-24 - 4.23.25 - The Overcomer - John Martin - John Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-24
Title:    4.23.25 - The Overcomer - John Martin
Speaker:  John Martin
Church:   Send The Light Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 50m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YGli20DR14c
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] You say that we love you. Open our eyes, Lord, and help us to listen. Open our eyes, Lord. We want to see Jesus. Open our eyes, Lord Grant Jesus. We want to see Jesus. We reach out and touch you to say that we love you. Open our ears, Lord, and help us to listen. Open our eyes, Lord. We want to see Jesus. Amen. Open our eyes. Open our eyes, Lord. We want to see Jesus, to reach out and touch him, to say that we love him. Open our ears, Lord, and help us to [Applause] listen. Open our eyes, Lord. We want to see Jesus. Hallelujah. How many wants to see Jesus? Hallelujah. Well, you can start by looking around because if you're sold out to Christ, he's you're you're dual partners with him. Amen. Hallelujah. Well, I greet you in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. How great it is to be here. How great it is to be a believer in Christ. Amen. Brother James, can you open us with a word of prayer? Yes. Amen. You may be seated. Like what he said, you know, help us to create an atmosphere. Amen. The more you can create an atmosphere, the more he's going to be feel welcome. Amen. Amen. Friendship with Jesus. Amen. One friendship with the bliss that one so weak as I should have a friend like this to lead me to the sky. Friendship with Jesus. Fellowship divine. Oh what blessed sweet communion. Jesus is a friend of mine. A friend when others friendship cease. A friend when others fail. A friend who gives me joy and peace. A friend who will prevail. Friendship with Jesus. Fellowship divine. Oh, what blessed peace her. Jesus is a friend of mine. A friend to lead me in the dark. A friend who knows the way. A friend to steer my weak, frail part. A friend about to pay. Friendship with Jesus. Fellowship divine. Oh, a blessed sweet communion. Jesus is a friend of mine. A friend with sickness lays below. A friend with death draws nigh. A friend through the veil I go. A friend to help and cheer. Friendship with Jesus. [Music] Fellowship divine. Oh, a blessed sweet communion. Jesus is a friend of mine. Hallelujah. I pray that he's your friend, too. Amen. You know, sometimes a relationship just starts with a friendship. Amen. Then it works into a greater relationship. Amen. I'm so glad I know my Jesus. I'm so glad I know my Jesus. I'm so glad I love his name. He's the one who saved and sanctified my soul. Oh, I'm so glad I got acquainted with the one that is anointed for. He's the one who cleansed and made me whole. I'm so glad I know my Jesus. I'm so glad I love his name. He's the one who saved and sanifies my soul. I'm so glad I got acquainted with the one that is anointed for. He's the one who cleansed and made me whole. I'm so glad I know my Jesus. I'm so glad I love his name. He's the one who saved and sanifies my soul. I'm so glad I got acquainted with the one that is anointed for. He's the one who cleansed and made me [Applause] whole. Hallelujah. And that's all just because you got acquainted with Christ. Amen. The old account was settled. Amen. How many's glad of that one? Praise the Lord. There was a time on earth when in the book of heaven and all the count was standing for sin and forgiven. My name was at the top and many things below. I went unto the keeper and settled long ago. Oh, long ago. Long ago. Yes. The old account was settled long ago. And the records clear today. For he washed my sins away. And the old account was settled long ago. The old account was large and growing every day. For I was always sinning and never tried to pay. But when I looked ahead and saw such pain and woe, I said that I would settle and settled long ago. Oh, long ago. Long ago. Yes. The old account was settled long ago and the records clear today for he washed my sins away when the old account was settled long ago. When the judgment judgment bar I stand before the king and he the book will open. He cannot find a thing. Then will my heart be glad while tears of joy will flow because I had it settled and settled long ago. Oh, long ago. Long ago. Yes. The old account was settled long ago. Hallelujah. And the records clear today. glory washed my sins away. When the old account was settled long ago, when in that happy home, my savior home above, I'll sing redemption story and praise him for his love. I'll not forget that book with pages white as snow because I can unsettle. and settled long ago. Long ago, long ago. A old account was settled long ago. And the records clear today, for he washed my sins away, and the old account was so long ago. Oh sinner, seek the Lord. Repent of all your sin. For thus he had commanded, "If you would enter in, and then he should live a hundred years below, upill, you'll not regret it. You'd settled long ago. Long ago, long ago. Yes, the old account was settled long ago. And the record's clear today. Glory washed my sins away. When the old account was settled long ago. Long ago. Long ago. Yes. The old account was settled long ago. And the records clear today. For he washed my sins away when the old account was settled long ago. Hallelujah. I think that one's worthy. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Well, I just like to change your order of service a little bit here and Amen. Just bring some needs before the church. Amen. How many's got a need on their heart tonight? Amen. We are living in a everchanging time. But Christ hasn't changed. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. In fact, he's the only thing that's the same yesterday, today, and forever. So, hold on to him. Amen. Let's just uh prayers for our brother Marty. I I haven't talked to him. I don't know how he's doing, but uh just keep him in your prayers. And also our sister Jeannie with her back and all her issues, her pain issues. Um, for all those that are suffering in one way or another, our sister Cheryl, uh, so many that are have ailments but don't want to talk about them. And, uh, so we just there's always something to pray about. So, uh, I think once you get in the presence of God, then he starts putting things on your heart. You don't even have to think about them. He'll put them on your heart. So, just get in his presence. Amen. Let's be praying for the service this coming Sunday with our brother uh Darkco uh Danny Arco Daniel. And uh bring a friend. Amen. Share Christ with somebody. And um if you really believe that we have something here that you're not going to find any place else and they won't. That's why you want to bring them. and let God just do what he is. God changes hearts. Amen. Also, uh our brother Jonathan has an unspoken for a friend Mike. Also, prayers for my friend and contractor Bob. Amen. So, if there's be somebody on your heart tonight, just lift it up before the Lord. Amen. Let's just stand. Let's remember all the missionaries throughout the world. Let's remember just to be right with God and let him steer our life because sometimes it's a it's hard if you don't turn it over to Christ always. I mean, totally. Amen. Anyway, so let's remember brother John. Let's pray. Keep him lifted up. and all those that aren't here tonight. Just and all the uh young men that were at the um men's meeting today. I don't know how many were there. Six, seven. There's probably six or seven uh young men there. U trying to figure out what it is to live a life of Christ and just pray for him. We know that for ourselves when we came to Christ, you know, everything was to pull you apart, but just surrender and God will wrap you in his arms. So, let's uh just go on one accord tonight. Amen. Dear heavenly father, Lord, as we come before you tonight, Lord, there'd be many things upon our heart, Lord, truly the most important, Lord, is our relationship with you, that you would just come not only into our hearts tonight, Lord, that you reveal yourself through your word tonight, that we could accept it, Lord, not argue with it, not think about it, Lord, but just amen it and just accept it, Lord. Lord, for it's your word. It's you speaking to us, Lord, through a man, Lord. But God, we just pray, Lord, tonight, Lord, that you would just bless these young men that's trying, Lord, to uh follow you, Lord, to learn about you, Lord, to Lord, this is a sensitive time, Lord. We just pray for the help that brother uh Dennis gives them, Lord. And Lord, we just pray that they would just pick up their Bibles and read and find you in the word. Lord, we just pray for Lord or all these that were afflicted of of pain and ailment of of cancer. Lord, there be many out there, Lord. Lord, we just pray for every one of them, Lord. for all the missionaries throughout the world. Lord, this is the time we live, Lord. We know time is short, Lord, and your coming's nigh. Lord, let us search ourselves, Lord, and find that we're right with you, Lord. Right in the word, Lord. We thank you, and we ask you now to come and remission of the word, Lord, and just the word and just be with us in Jesus name. Amen. Hallelujah. May be seated. Amen. The comforter has come. Amen. He gives us a way out. Though spread the tiding round wherever man is found, wherever human hearts and humos abound. Let every Christian tongue proclaim a joyful sound. The comforter has come. The comforter has come. The comforter has come. The Holy Ghost from heaven. The Father's promise given. Oh, spread the tidings round wherever man is found. The [Applause] comfort has come. Hallelujah. Lo, long night is passed. The morning breaks at last. And hush the dreadful whale and fury of the blast. As over the golden hills the day advances fast. The comforter has come. The comforter has come. The comforter has come. The Holy Ghost from heaven, the Father's promise given. Oh, spread the tiding ground. Wherever man is found, the comforter has come. Oh, the great king of kings with healing on his wings, with every captive soul, all full deliverance brings. And through the vacant cells, the song of triumph rings, the comforter has come. The comforter has come. The comforter has come. The Holy Ghost from heaven. The Father's promise given. Oh, spread the tiding round. Wherever man is found, the comforter has come. Oh, boundless love divine. How shall this tongue of mine to wondering mortals tell the magless grace divine that I a child of hell. Should in his image shine, the [Applause] comforter has come. The comforter has come. The comforter has come. The Holy Ghost from heaven. The Father's promise given. Oh, spread the tiny round. Wherever man is found, the comforter has come. Hallelujah. Let's just welcome him this morning. Hallelujah. We just welcome him, Lord Jesus. We welcome the comforter, Lord, for you said you would never leave us or forsake us, Lord. We know that you're here, Lord. Let us have our comfort in you tonight, Lord. Come and Lord, have your way in our in Jesus name. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Sunlight, sun, light. Amen. I was wandering in the shades of night when Jesus came to me. And with the sunlight of his love, all my darkness flee. Sunlight, sunlight in my soul today. Sunlight, sunlight, all along the way. Since the Savior found me, took away my sin. I have had the sunlight of his love within. Gold clouds may gather in the sky and billows from me roll. However dark the world may be, I sunlight in my soul. Sunlight, sunlight in my ly day. Sunlight, sunlight all along the way. Since the Savior found me, took away my sin. I have had the sunlight of his love within. While we walk in light of God, I sweep communion fine. I press with holy vigor on and leave this world behind. Sunlight, sunlight in my soul today. Sunlight, sunlight, all along the way. Since the Savior found me, took away my sin. I have had the sunlight of his love within. Soon I shall as he is, delight that coming to me. Behold the brightness of his face throughout eternity. Sunlight, sunlight in my soul today. Sunlight, sunlight. All along the way, since the Savior found me, took away my sin, I have had the sunlight of his love within. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Shout to the Lord. Amen. How many feels like shouting the Lord today? Amen. My Jesus, my savior, Lord, there is none like you. Hollow my days. I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. My comfort, my shelter, a tower of refuge and strength. Let every breath all that I am, never cease to worship you. Shout to the Lord, all of the earth. Let us sing. Power and majesty praise to the King. Mountains bow down at the seas for roar at the sound of your name. I sing for joy at the work of your hands. Forever I love you. Forever I stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have in you. My Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. My comfort, my shelter, a tower of refuge and [Music] strength. Let every breath, all that I am, never cease to worship you. Shout to the Lord, all the earth. Let us sing. Earthes in praise to the king. Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. I sing for joy at the work of your hands. Forever I love you. Forever I stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have in you. Nothing compares to the promise I have in you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Nothing compares to that promise. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Well, let's just stand. We're going to change your order of service. Brother Bruce, can you just lead us in the the offerings? Amen. Dear Lord Jesus, we're so grateful, Lord, that you found us, Father, you lifted us up, you set us on a solid rock. Just pray, Father, tonight as we take up the offering. Lord, we just pray that you just bless it and multiply it. Lord, we pray you bless the hands that give and bless those that have the desire, Lord, that don't have the faith, Father. May you increase their faith. May you become real to them, Lord. May you just bless, Father. Bless and multiply the offering, Lord. May it meet the needs, Father, that you have intended it. May you keep us. May you break the bread of life, Lord. feed us from your word in Jesus Christ's name we ask. Amen. Amen. Thank you, brother. Uh let's just sing servant and all as our brother comes in. [Music] If you want to be great in God's [Music] kingom, learn to be a serant of all. If you want to be great in God's kingom, learn to be a serant of [Music] all. Learn to be a serant of all. Learn to be a serant of all. If you want to be great in God's kingom, learn to be a serant of all. [Music] Want to be great in God's kingdom. Maybe be a serant of all. If you want to be great in God's kingom, learn to be a serant of all. Learn to be a serant of all. Learn to be a serant of all. If you want to be great in God's [Music] kingdom, Amen. [Music] I believe our I believe it's the desire of every Christian to want to be his best for the Lord. Amen. And God I believe the bride is great because God chose her to be the bride. Amen. And what an honor and a privilege it is to be counted in that number. And we know that that number is a servant of all. Amen. And as the song goes, God bless you today. I want to say it's really good to see everyone that uh labor to get out today to service. Amen. Uh may the Lord bless you. May his presence comes. May the word be open to you. May you leave here with more than when you came. And I believe God is here to do exceedingly above all that we would ask of him to do. How many desires something special from the Lord today? Let's look to him in a word of prayer. Our heavenly father, Lord, as we stand before you just as humble as we know how. Lord, we thank you that you've made it possible for us to come in contact with you. that it's not necessarily being inside of a building and it's not necessarily opening the Bible, but it's getting out of our flesh and entering into the spirit of God. Today, Lord, we thank you that you've made that possible for us. And Lord, you've heard our hearts in every song that was sung. The expression of our love to you, our desire to be all that you'd want us to be and for you to be all that you want to be inside of our lives. And Lord, we ask now that you would you would look beyond our faults and failures. you look beyond our flesh and that you would cover us with your blood of every every unbelief, every sin, every shortcoming. Lord, we all stand here today knowing that we need your blood to make us pure in your sight. And we ask that your blood would cover this congregation. Amen. cover cover us Lord that we that your presence may come in the furtherance of this service and uh may your word be broken to us that we may leave here with the bread of life inside of our hearts that we may be able to have sustaining strength and spiritual strength and energy to combat the ws of the enemy. Lord, we commit oursself to you and this service committed into your hands and just ask you now to bless your word to our hearts. We humbly pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you this evening. Turn with me if you would to the book of Revelations chapter 3. And uh it's a little bit warm in here, isn't it? How many feels warm? A little bit warm. You know, I have not seen you this excited this whole evening until right now. I I I apologize that um that Brother Marty's not here. No, it's I take responsibility. Brother Marty's probably listening and laughing on that. Honestly, I forgot to turn the the AC on and it is a little bit warm in here, but within a few minutes, within time, you know, right? Right? Because it's hard to get just the right warmness as we enter into the scriptures now because we're going to be talking about that. Right? Revelation chapter 3 starting with verse number 14. Talking to our church age and unto the angel of the church of Leodysia, write these things thee, amen, the faithful, the true witness, the beginning of the creation of God. I know thy works, that thou art neither cold nor hot, I would that thou art cold or hot. So then, because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold or hot, I will spew thee out of my mouth. Because thou sayest, I am rich, and increased with goods, and have need of nothing, and knowest not that thou art wretched, miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked. And I counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire, that thou mayest be rich in white raignment, that thou mayest be clothed, and that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear, and anoint thy eyes with eyes, that thou mayest see. As many as I love, rebuke, and chase, and be zealous, therefore, and repent. Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If any man hear my voice and open the door, I will come in to him and will s with him and he with me. To him that overcomemeth grant to sit with me in my throne. Even as I overcame and sat down with my father in his throne. He that have an ear, let him hear the spirit saith unto the churches. Amen. God bless you. May be seated. We want to title this message the overcomer. And notice the end of the church age. He's speaking to the overcomer. Amen. So the beginning is what we have to overcome. That's right. Amen. And he calls this this church age. Brother Brandon said it was actually the worst church age. He God Jesus actually did not have anything good to say about it. That's how bad it was. And uh Luke he he calls this Jesus is describing the problem of the church member. This is the one I want to focus on the church member because it is obviously a spirit of lukewarmness. It which is not on fire yet really not totally out in the world either. So somewhere in between being a Christian and being an infidel this is where the belie the person is at this believer. It's an awful condition that actually Jesus described it. It affects the blindness of a person that they actually cannot see spiritually. So no matter what they're being told other they cannot understand it. It just kind of goes in one ear and out the other. Thou and thou knowest that thou are wretched and miserable, poor, blind and naked. And they don't know it. They don't know that they're in this condition. So they literally have to be told. And those who have this spiritual disease, they must believe the word above how they feel because their feelings are telling them that they're okay, that they're really not in this kind of shape. They have to lean not to their own understanding, but trust the Lord for their recovery out of this disease. That's the only way they're going to get out of this disease. Amen. Amen. So Jesus stands at the door and he knocks and he expresses the condition to us individually. Come out of her my people that you be not partakers of their sins that you receive not of her place. So the message is to the individual speaking come out of her. Come out of this condition. Overcome this condition. God is speaking to his bride. God is speaking to his bride. And I don't know if I've got uh I'm going to try real quick here to see if I can get the information I I need was I'm sorry I I cannot find it. But I do know that there was one of the epistles in the New Testament that that Paul said, "Make sure the church of Leodysia, this this letter gets to Leodysia." And I don't know which letter that was. I thought it was the book of Ephesians, but it may be the Colossians or something. But nevertheless, this is ironic that this church, this church age is so bad that God doesn't have anything good to say about it. Yet, in this saved church age, he has a bride that's higher than any other church age that comes out into the image of God. Yes. Yes. which shows that this bride has something so powerful to combat and overcome this lukewarmness that the other church agents didn't have. Amen. So, how brother Brandham described it with the seals is that the enemy would come out on a horse of great deception and he would try to come against the church of God, but God gave the word to the bride of that age to combat it, right? To combat that force. And so in this church age, God has got a word for us to overcome this lukewarmness. Amen. So God's speaking to the bride here to come out of her, my people. So does her represent a church or a man-made system? I got some questions here for you because we're supposed to come out and we know that the prophet called the Leodysa uh uh the the lukewarm leodysia the denominational come out of the man-made system the denomination right and so we understood at that time that we were coming out of the denomination out of a man-made system and coming into the the message of the hour which was Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today and forever. And we got churches popped up everywhere because of this message. Amen. And so my question is, does her come out of her uh my people, does her represent a church or a man-made system? Does it really represent a denomination or does it represent the system that man-made? Because brother Brandon said there's good people in the system. It's the system that's wrong. That's right. Does she represent a denomination or does she represent a man-made faith? Because I think it's more than a church building. It's more than a denomination. Because right inside message churches, we have denominational spirits. We have man-made systems. We have man-made preachers. We have man-made people that are sitting in the congregations feeling comfortable that they're in the message and they're making the message of denomination. Even though the prophet said the true message will never become a denomination. It can't be because it's a living word. But see what happened? What happened? What happened with every church age when God brought them out when when that's right sister when when Luther came out of the Catholic church and and separated from that and said no God's in in the light of the word. What happened? They they made a denomination and they stopped right there. Brother Brandham said and they went on to the Wesley. What is no different in this church age? That's right. It's the truth. That's right. Because God is calling a bride to take a rapture. But there's so many people that have just settled for God is in the message and he's not in the denominations and they never received the message in their heart. That's right. So Paul lived by the faith of the son of man, not by man-made faith. That's right. So are we okay being in a message church? Can we still be sitting in a message church and have our own man-made ideas or our own main man faith? I believe it this I look at it this way. This is the way I think it is. A man-made faith is anything that isn't the word of God or the message of the hour. Amen. That is what a man-made faith is. The message of the hour has opened and really restored to us what the word was. It's not something different. Amen. Somebody had to bring it. Somebody had to bring the 14 books of the New Testament that Paul wrote. Somebody had to bring it. And we read it. I don't look at it as Paul. That's right. I don't look at as a word of Paul. It's the word of God. Paul penned it. And ain't no different. It ain't no different. The book of Acts is still being written. It's a continuation book. It's the life being lived since this time happened. God has been doing the works of the acts since the time of the apostles. God is not dead. God is alive. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. It's just not being written here. But I'm telling you, when we get on the other side, they'll be they'll be just displaying all the works of God for zillions of years. Amen. Amen. Not here. Because the the book said that if every if if everything that was written that Jesus did, the books could not contain it. That's right. But it doesn't mean the word is not being lived today. That's right. Jesus said, "Behold, I stand at the door and I knock." And he's looking for one person, person that will overcome. Amen. because he's interested in sitting with them on the throne. And then he says to this person, he that have an ear, let him hear what the spirit is saying to the churches. So it is nothing that the the person behind the pulpit is saying. It's the spirit behind what's being said behind the pulpit that is really being spoken to the church. that spirit. That's why you can have a five-fold ministry, but yet the same spirit. And so this spirit is speaking to whoever will be listening. That's why it's important to be prepared. Oh, you know, the the voice of God could be right here and we'd miss it. Just like brother Brandon says, there's TV waves and and radio waves going, but there's nothing here to pick it up. Well, God's spirit could be going right through here and there's nothing there to pick it up. But if we're prepared, then we can pick it up. Amen. And that's why he said, "He that have an ear, let him hear." That's why it's important for us to humble oursel and say, "God, I can't hear unless you give me ears." That is I I I can't even know what's going on unless I have a heart that can can catch it. So God, I'm humbling myself before you. That's right, man. That is right. So what does the church have to overcome to him that overcomemeth? What does the church have to overcome? It's the spiritual lukewarm condition that we battle every single day of our lives. Jesus identified it as neither on fire for God and not cold, not ice cold. Each individual believer must overcome the spirit in himself. It's not out there. It's right here. Amen. It attacks us. It tries to pull us down, not get interested, not read our Bible, not pray, get away from the things that we should be doing to stand fire for God. And puts us in a lukewarm condition. And see, Jesus is standing at the door and he's knocking at our hearts and he's offering help to us. and we get to uh maybe a little bit more what that help is at the end. But I want to talk I want to identify a little bit more about this this lukewarm spirit in in in that that's in this age that's neither on fire for God and and it's it's not ice cold against God. And we see this all the time. We see this condition all the time. Amen. If a person is is considered to be on fire for God, then he's considered a real believer. And if we see somebody who's just doesn't want to go to church, doesn't care, has a bad attitude, we look at him as a unbeliever. And what the devil wants us to do is say, you know, we're all believers and it doesn't matter what we're doing. And unfortunately, that is not what Jesus identifies here. He's identifying a lukewarm condition. Jesus is speaking to the makebeliever. If somebody that's on fire is a believer and if somebody that is ice cold is an unbeliever, then somebody that's lukewarm is a makebeliever. Are you with me? Amen. Now, I've never said this before, so this is fresh. A makeel believer is neither hot nor cold. He makes as if he believes, but he's fake. He's phony. He's bogus. There's not genuine. It's not sincere. Expresses a form of godliness, but has no power, no life, no fire. Amen. But yet he goes to church. Amen. Yet he he looks, he acts, he he talks. He has a form. So he doesn't have the fire, the life. He's not ice cold, not caring. He's in the middle with a form without the life. Are you with me? This is the spirit that's attacking the church. This is the spirit that the bride has to overcome. A makebeliever appears to believe but comes short in laboring to exercise what? All of the word. He exercises part of it but not all of it. And Jesus describes the attitude of this lukewarm believer as someone who just has need of nothing. Like I don't need to listen. If I don't want to listen, you can't tell me what to do. Who are you? Like in reality, God can use a 5 to 100%. And that if that statement is true, which it is, that ought to cause us to always be humble. No matter who we're talking to, Paul described that he needed to press towards an image of Jesus Christ. after 33 years, he's still pressing towards an image. But this church age, this spirit is I don't really need to do that. I got I got what I need. Because that's what that's what Jesus described this church is. They're okay. They don't really need to do anything more than what they're doing. Coming to church, sitting there, listening to the word, and go home, and that's it. And they're okay with that, right? But Jesus is identifying them as lukewarm. In other words, make believe. We're supposed to take the word home and live it. Amen. Amen. When Paul described this, I press towards the mark, he called that a perfect attitude. He said, this is a perfect attitude and this is what we all need. And if you don't have it in something, God God's going to reveal it. And so what if you've already come to certain things? you've already overcome them in your life. You still need to have that attitude. There's like no excuse for not pressing into more of God. And that's what it takes in this age. That's right. That's right. Now, Lucifer said, "We don't need this gospel in heaven anymore. That's what he said. We don't need to live by it. We don't need to abide by it. We don't need to follow it." That is exactly what he preached to all the angels. But did you know he only won a third of all the angels he talked to? The other twoird said, "No thank you. I'm staying with the word. I'm staying with the word." But he actually won a third of them over with his attitude that the same attitude that Leosia has. I'm in need of nothing. I'm going to do it my way. The Frank Sinatra way. In fact, we don't even need the word of God anymore. We don't we don't need to act like Christ anymore. We don't need the word of God in our home. We don't need to do what the Bible says. In fact, I'm going to exalt my throne and my will above whatever God wants me to do. Same attitude as Leodysia, the makeeliever, having need of nothing. Jesus expressing basically his disgust with this makeeliever and says, "I wish I wish you weren't claiming to be a Christian and just serve the devil." That's the truth. That is the truth. You're being a makeel believer telling me you're a Christian. I would have more respect for you if you were over there. In other words, I got more respect for the devil than I an unbeliever than I do a a makeel believer. Because he's making pretense. God says my gospel is real. Come and prove me if this will not live in your life. Believe it and it will live in your life. That's where God is at. But the makebeliever says, "I just want to make sure I make it to heaven. That's all that really matters to I don't care what kind of life I'm living. Yeah. So, I guess I just got to fake it here when I'm around this person and fake it over here. That is the truth. We can't make it in in makebelie. We've got to overcome this spirit for oursel. And overcoming the spirit is not belonging to a message church. That's right. That is not overcoming it. Amen. Because look, you know this. How many times have you sat in church, you were mad as a hornet? How many times you sat in church, didn't want to even be in church, but you were there. So don't tell me the devil don't come here, too. He comes here and he wants you to get lukewarm. He wants you to say, "Oh, you don't got to do that." He's just being a little strict. He should be a little more encouraging. If this word don't encourage you, I'm telling you, you ain't going to make it. That's right. Amen. Because there ain't nothing after this. This isn't plan A. And God's got a plan B for you. This is it. It'd be better to serve the devil and mean it than to act like you're serving God but don't mean it. That's right. I mean, there there's literally when you see somebody that's out in the world. I mean, we got some kids coming in to our our um our men's our men's meeting and they're being introduced to the gospel and some of them never stepped in church before. Some of their parents have never gone to church maybe one time. I have more hope for somebody who doesn't know the gospel. Amen. Amen. Than somebody who's been around the gospel that but refuses to walk in it. Amen. Amen. But yet the the mate believer who does that, he's looking down his nose at the others who are not doing what they're doing. That's right. That's because there's a religious spirit that goes with make believe. That is right. But Jesus said, "You don't even know that thou art wretched, miserable, poor, blind, and naked. Therefore, I will spew this lukewarm makeeliever out of my mouth. I don't want nothing to do with him." Everybody has had lukewarm water before when you wanted something cold and you're like, I wish I had some ice. So God don't like lukewarmness. And it's up to you to shake yourself. I'm going to come into church and I'm going to be serious with God this time. Amen. I'm I'm just going to be real with him. I'm going to be raw. I'm going to be open. Yes, sir. I'm going to let God convict me. Oh, that's a good one right there. I'm going to let God convict me. Because a lot of times we don't want the conviction, right? Let's take a look at what lukewarm means. This word lukewarm means tippid, which means only slightly warm. Or showing little enthusiasm. See if this hits anybody here. Or lacking passion. True. I mean, I understand sometimes we can be tired, right? When we come to church, but but when there's no effort being put forth that you're really not enthused about being there, you're really identifying what you are. It is the truth. Brother Bram said in the message, the church age, he said, they have gotten away from the word. They've gotten away from the word. They are no longer fervent about it. Amen. They are lukewarm about it. Amen. They're lukewarm about the word. So, in other words, it doesn't really matter what you preach. It doesn't matter. It doesn't. Have you not been praying that God is going to speak to you exactly what you need to hear? Amen. Yes. See, they they've left the realness of it. Brother Benson, the message, the separation from unbelief. He said, "A lukewarm believer is worse than an infidel." He says, "That's right. God hurry in the day when every man will either be a Christian or a sinner and stay the same. I like how he said that. Stay the same. Because when you look at an unbeliever, when you really see I'm sorry. When you see a makeeliever, there's always a question. Yes, sir. Is this real? Not real. How long is this going to last? But when you see a genuine believer, you don't question. When you see a real unbeliever, I haven't believed this ever. There's no question there. The question comes to the mate believer, right? Because sometimes you see him like this and sometimes you see him like that. So the word infidel comes from the word, believe it or not, unfaithful. Meaning a person who does not believe or someone who does not share a common belief. So a a make believer has to act like he's sharing. I believe this message. I believe what this church believes. I believe what the prophet said. They have to act like that. But then when they go home, they don't put it into practice. That's right. So this is the spirit that we need to overcome. Brother Brandon would say he'd give some examples of lukewarm uh lukewarm believers. And he said Ahab was a type of the lukewarm believer. Today in the message kinsman redeemer he said orpha was a type of the lukewarm church that started outright a type of a church that won't go all the way. Now talking about a lukewarm believer they won't go all the way. They stop. She said that sounds pretty good. So she kissed her mother-in-law and returned back. Right. Yes. And a man because of popularity, he can't hold the Bible, but will kiss the church, kiss the message, kiss Christ goodbye and go back to where he was hollowed out of orpha, lukewarm, excommunicated, right? In the message, Jehovah Gyra, brother Ram says, and Lot was a type of the lukewarm believer. Amen. He was a believer. He left his home land. be sojourned with God but always never fully surrendered. There is the difference between the believer and the makebeliever. Amen. A makebeliever, he starts out the surrender. He repents. He gets baptized. He starts going to church. Things begin to happen in his life. He begins to testify. He they they whole family goes in a certain direction. Then after a while, it stops. This is a very common thing that happens. And they hear the preaching of the word and they either snap out of it and get back on or they stay in that condition. And brother Brandham said, they never fully surrender. And that's what the trouble in the full gospel church tonight along with the rest of them is people who's left the world and and and keep out the world. They don't want to go gamble. They don't want to drink. They don't want to carry on. They are a believer but have never made a complete surrender. Right. That's right. So they can look at things they've got they walked away from but they never surrendered to all the word. Because I want you to think about this. God wants to marry somebody who's in love with him. Amen. Amen. And that's the heart. And if the heart loves the world or the things of the world, the love of God's not in them. So it don't matter if you give up those things. Amen. A lukewarm believer is never made a complete surrender. And a complete surrender would be considered hot with God. If you completely surrender your life to God, you're on fire. There's nothing standing in your way. Amen. A person who's who won't surrender one bit. No, I won't go to church. I won't read the B. I'm not going to pray with you. I don't believe that stuff. They haven't surrendered anything. But this lukewarm believer right in the middle, he partially surrenders and partially doesn't. This is the spirit that we need to overcome, saints. Amen. Brother Brand said, "Lot was a wishy-washy borderline, right? Got enough religion to make him sick. He pitched his tent towards Sodom and become a great man and backslid down there." That's why it's important not to get so carried away about getting money. But Abraham, the man of God, gave Lot his choice to take what was left and and I'm sorry, to take his choice and then he take what was left. Oh, I just love that a real believer will give you your choice. He's willing to take what's left. There's no selfishness in a real believer. Not at all. Amen. And isn't it strange that a lukewarm believer Lot would go down to the best place that he could find, the most beautiful place he could find? He took the road of ease. And isn't it strange strange thing that sometimes people who say they believe God, they want to take the road of luxury. They want to take the road where there's no trials. They want to take the easiest way out. They want to take the way where there's no persecution. That's right. They want to take the road of ease. They're just a lukewarm believer. He says, So, brother Brandham describing a lukewarm believer as wishy-washy, selfish, looking for luxury, choosing the easy way, no trials or persecution, never made a complete surrender, kisses the church, the message, and Christ goodbye. This is all I'm doing. I have need of nothing. I don't need a surrender anymore. You can say amen to the word. The truth. I'm not saying you're excited about this. What I'm saying and I'm not saying that you're here. I'm not saying that it either. Just makes you understand that I love you. I'm with you. I'm supporting you. I prayed for every one of you this morning. But this is a spirit that's attacking us. And if we don't get serious with it, it's going to overtake us. And I'm tell you, anybody that misses it from this church will not be because they didn't hear the word. It's because they chose to take the easy path like Lot. Amen. And believe me, there's a lot more makebelievers than there are believers. That's true. So Jesus is standing at the door of every individual with a message to overcome the spiritual lukewarm condition. And I will grant that you would sit with me on my throne. If you overcome this spirit, you'll get to sit next to me as I overcame the same spirit and sat down with my father in his throne. We'll get to this. And he that have an ear, let him hear what the spirit is saying to the churches. So, we're listening to the voice of God, the voice of the Holy Spirit speaking. And where is it speaking to? Not here, not these ears, not our intellect, not our understanding, but speaking right here. Like it's there's something here that just believes this is right. Where you know if he's just speaking here I don't I don't know. I don't know. I'm not sure. You know what I'm saying? There's that reasoning leaning to your own understanding. To him that overcometh. If any man will hear my voice and open the door, I will come into him and s with him and he with me. We'll get to that in a second. But if any man hear my voice and open the door. In other words, to him that overcomemeth, the only way you're going to overcome is get the overcomer inside of you. That's right. That's right. So, how do we come this spirit of self-will? let more of the Holy Ghost inside of us. That's the only way. He said, "I will come in to him. I will come inside of him and will s with him and he with me." And this sapping this, here's what my word says. Just do this. Follow me. You do this. You draw nigh to me, I'll draw nigh you. Then you'll have power to resist the devil and he'll flee from you. Amen. Amen. There's this working of you and God in a realness inside. Amen. There's no more putting peacock feathers on and acting like a Christian when you're not living like one. And everybody knows about it anyways. That's right. I'll say it again. Everybody knows about it anyways. Amen. The thing is we're not going to fool the devil. I mean, we're not going to fool God. Right? So God wants to come inside because he wants to overcome inside of you. Right? Just like he overcame in his corporate body, he wants to overcome inside of us. So we need we need to focus on loving God and we need to focus on receiving more of the living word which is the Holy Ghost. Amen. Focus on loving God and receiving more of the Holy Ghost. And that only happens, I'm gonna tell you, by choosing. That's right. Choosing. Amen. Hey. Hey, Lot. Which way do you want to go? Well, I I don't I just I'm not I I'd rather take the easy way. Okay, go. But maybe you're here saying, "I don't want the easy way. I I don't want to just come to church twice a week. I'm interested in becoming Christ." Amen. I'm interested in having the the power of the Holy Ghost living in me to controls my temper. It controls my attitude. It controls me. It helps me to lay down my life for others. That's what I'm choosing. I'm choosing the harder way. God told the prophet, "Because you've chosen the harder way, a a large portion of heaven awaits you." Amen. Jesus said in Revelation 3:18, "I counsel thee." This is how we're going to overcome. I counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire. In other words, when I come into you, you are getting the gold that's tried by fire. When I come inside of you, it's no longer you trying to be a Christian. I'm going to be a Christian inside of you. Amen. I will put my spirit in you. I I will do it. Amen. And so what do we what do we have to overcome? We have to overcome this flesh that says, "You mean I got to seek for more than what I got? I don't I just I don't know if I'm not interested in this. That's what we got to overcome. We're not going to overcome by not leaving the message until the rapture happens." That is not overcomer. That's right. An overcomer is overcoming your flesh that's standing in the way that's keeping you from doing all God's will. Jesus had overcome it. He said, "Father, if it's possible, let this cup pass from me." But he said, "Nevertheless, not my will, my personal will. Not my will, but thy will be done." Amen. And he overcame. That's right. Why does the father love him? Because he lays down his life. That's why the father loved him. And now we have to follow suit. We're we're following the great shepherd Jesus Christ, right? Whose voice goes out through the ministry, through the spirit of the through through the spirit in the church speaking to individuals. Will you choose to lay down your life and take up my word and follow me or are you going to pick and choose what you want? Because that's what a makebeliever does. A makeeliever picks and chooses what he wants. But Jesus didn't. He said, "I always do that which pleases the father." Amen. Amen. I counsel thee by me. Go try in the fire that thou that you may get rich. This not money. Jesus is not preaching a prosperity gospel here. He's talking about being rich with the Holy Ghost, rich in character, rich in the rich with the the the image of Jesus Christ, you you now have power to live the life. That's what he's talking about. And white remnant, if thou mayest be clothed that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear. We all got nakedness, do we not? We all have it today. Look at We all got clothes on, right? Today we got natural clothes on because if we didn't have them on, we would be weirdos here in this church. But the point that I'm trying to say is spiritually God sees us, right? Everything's open before him. The Bible says, and we need the life of Christ to cover us. We need the life of Christ, not Oh, here's my badge right here. Here's my badge. I'm in the message. That is not the covering. Amen. We need gold tried in the fire. That's deity. That's God himself. That the shame of the nakedest do up here and anoint thine eyes with Isa that thou mayest. How many before coming in the church said, "Lord, today I know that I can't see your word straight, but I pray that you take my eyes and help me to see your word." How many's prayed that in some fashion, form or way today? Amen. Because un unless we're seeking God to give us what we need, we're not going to see. We're only going to think we see. How many times did you ask somebody, "Okay, what was said at the service?" And you said, "Well, you know God's word, but but what did he speak?" Well, you know, you were there. He he he was talking there in Revelations. He's talking about the the lukewarm believer. There is the difference. That's the difference between hearing with our ears and hearing what the spirit is saying to the church. It takes so much more heart to hear what the spirit is saying from the church. True. And most people, I'm going to tell you just just if you can catch this, you'll see this obviously that like makes a lot of sense. So in the world, people want to go to church and they want to be entertained. That's life. They want to have fun. They they want they all this stuff they want to have because in that I don't need to hear what the spirit is saying to the church because really what I want to see in the church is what I'm seeing and feeling and this is really good. Let's do this. There's no effort needed in the heart to hear what the spirit is saying. Yeah. So, it's the nature of man wanting the outside to be visual church to them. What they think church should be ain't no different in a message church. That's right. Amen. Ain't no different. The spirit's the same. But the devil's got to be more clever with us than out there in the world. He's going to make us think we're okay because we're in the we're in the message church. Brother John ain't going to preach anything wrong, right? And as long as I I'm there and I hear it and I say amen. And I I I I believe I'm hearing what the spirit is saying to the church. And our lives are never changing. Our lives are not doing what the word is telling us to do. That is right. Look at saints. This message here is for the overcomer. That's all it's for. It's for the overcomer. It's not for everybody. It's for the overcomer. And then he says in verse 19, "As many as I love," How many think God loves you? Amen. And what about the rest of you? Yes, you know God loves you. Part of God's love is correction. He says, "I rebuke and I chasen." This is the only way you're going to overcome. Yes. Is if you do what my word says. So I'm telling you that what you're doing right now ain't going to work. It ain't going to have you being overcomer. You're not going to make it. You got to get out of that make believe and become a real believer. I rebuke. I chasen. Be zealous. Be passionate. Yes. Don't be in this well, you know, I'm a churchgoer. Be zealous, therefore, and what? Repent. It means get away from where you're at to where you need to go to. Amen. It's not like, "Brother John, I thought this this really means to, you know, repent that you're in the denomination and you finally got out of the denomination and now you're in the message church and we don't really need to hear that message anymore." But that's how some I'll tell you I believe that was the message for all those that were in the denomination because they didn't even understand they were in a man-made system. But today you can be in a message church and have a man-made system in your home and you can have a man-made system in your mind when the word is coming across and that's why you're going to pick and choose what you're going to take. Now Jesus gave us a key to overcome when he said I need to move real fast. Luke chapter 9 verse 22 saying the son of man must suffer many things and be rejected of the elders and the chief priests and scribes and be slain and be raised the third day. Notice this. He must suffer many things. He also told his disciples they're going to suffer many things. And to be honest with you, the only way we'll overcome is be willing to suffer and not do our will. That's the suffering. Amen. And he said to them all, "If any man's going to come after me and is going to sit with me on my throne, let him deny himself and take up his cross and follow me." That's the only way we're going to overcome. He's speaking to the overcomer in this age. We have to overcome. We have to pick up our cross. We have to deny oursel. That's a big one. Deny our will. Pick up the word daily and follow him. That's the only way. My sheep hear my voice and they follow me. They take the word seriously. They're not sitting there and acting trying to act learn how to be a better actor as a as a makeel believer. I'm sorry. That's just not the sheep of God. I love you. I'm going to rebuke you. I'm going to chasen you. Be zealous, therefore, and turn around. Turn around from the condition that you're in and start walking in the direction that I just told you to do. Walk with the word. Don't walk with leaning to your own understanding, but walk with all the word. Not part of the word, all the word. God is always wanting us to turn around. Always. There's always things in our life that he would like to see different. I mean, I believe that he's pleased with the decisions that we've made to where we're at. I believe he's happy with that. But I think more than that, he wants us to overcome all things. Amen. Amen. I got a couple amens out of that. It's the truth. John 16:12, I kind of quoted this in our our men's meeting. John 16:12, I have yet many things to say unto you, but you cannot bear them now. How be it when he the Holy Ghost has come, right? He's speaking to the church. He that's got a ear to hear. Amen. He will guide you into all truth. For he shall not speak of himself, but whatsoever he shall hear, he shall speak, and he shall show you things to come. He will show you the way. He will teach you. He will lead you. My sheep hear my voice. In other words, they stop what they're doing. Right? Amen. That's when you know you heard the voice of God. Amen. True. Because God is not going to speak to you all the time and just say, you know, you're the best thing since sliced bread. Keep doing what you're doing. That is the truth. God is interested in building a bride. He wants a bride without spot, without wrinkle. We have a part to play with that. And that's by doing what he tells us to do. So God wants us to be zealous and follow after whatever he said. Just I mean, a lot of times we hear the word of God and we don't like it because it don't feel good. Like I I can imagine that maybe this word isn't real enjoyable to our flesh today. It's good though. And not that I was trying to bring a an enjoyable message, but honestly there was a burden to overcome this spirit. So we have to talk about it. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. But the thing is a lot of times we come to church and we hear the word and we're not zealous about it. We're not like, "Amen. So be it in my life." Like when I get that, you know what? I'm putting this in I'm putting this into practice when I get home. I'm going to get my family. We're changing things around here. That's right. We don't do that. We just want to sit there, say, "Amen." Take the message and go on our way. True. And I say there there God wants us to overcome. Amen. Amen. And I'll just say if you got a ear to hear, follow what the what what that spirit is saying to your heart. All right. James chapter 4. James chapter 4 verse one. I think um I'm going to just try to go through this as quick as I can. Time is running away and it's Wednesday and I have a lot of things that I want to say, but I'm feeling that you can't bear it now. Amen. I finally heard from from brother Jonathan. [Laughter] All right, just please bear with me, but tell me that it's worth listening to this even if it takes a little longer. So, we've got to overcome this spirit of lukewarmness. And is everybody feeling a little bit cooler? Wonderful. Because I'm sweating. I am sweating, but I'm glad you're cooler. James 4:1, from which comes wars and fightings among you. Well, that's pretty simple. It's it's it's my husband, my my wife, my my my mom and my dad, my my my son, my my daughter, my my my coworker, my brother and sister. No. From once come wars and fightings among you. Come they not hence even of your lust in that war in your members. Right. Amen. You lost and have not. You kill and desire to have and cannot obtain. You fight and war and yet you have not because you ask not. You ask and receive not because you're not asking for the right motives. Right? That ye may consume it upon your lust. Amen. And then he says, you adulterers and adulterers, know ye not the friendship of the world is enmity with God. Wherefore whosoever therefore will be a friend of the world is an enemy of God. Now what is the world doing? Dog eat dog. Go after what you want. Yeah. Climb on whoever you got to climb over. Whoever. That's the spirit of the world. Well, the spirit of God is you lay down your life for the person next to you. That's right. That is right. Two different spirits. Do you think the scripture saith in vain the spirit that dwelleth in us lest to envy? So what do I have to do to overcome? He gives more grace. He giveth more grace. Number four, he saith, God resists the person that says, I am in need of nothing. Right? Amen. Don't tell me what to do. Amen. But he giveth more grace to the humble. Right. The Bible says that common people heard him gladly. So the humble are are going to be they're going to be glad to hear the word. Amen. And so what do we got to do? What does a humble person do? He submits himself therefore to God. Whatever the spirit is saying to the church, he just submits himself to that and then he resists the devil and he will flee from you. That that that nature that's trying to keep you in this bondage of a of a of a makebelieve system. Amen. He says, "Look, you're in this situation. Draw nigh to God. He'll draw nigh to you." Yes. So, how do I do that? You cleanse your hands, you sinners. You purify your heart. you double-minded. Be afflicted. Mourn, weep. Let your laughter be turned to mourning and your joy to heaven. In other words, don't sit there with an attitude, I'm okay. That's right. I'm in need of nothing. I'm pretty good where I'm at. I mean, just don't don't try to, you know, humble yourself in the sight of the Lord, and he shall lift you up. Amen. And I'll tell you what, if the Lord lifts you up, Yeah. you don't need to worry about doing it. That's right. The Lord can lift you up to a place honestly that you don't care if anybody knows about it, but you're in heavenly places with him. You don't need a reputation. You don't need anybody to know. Amen. Because God will dwell with you when you're humble. He promised that God dwells in a high and lofty place and also with him of a humble and contrite spirit. That is right. So humble yourself in the sight of the Lord and he shall lift you up. Brother Ram said in the message the voice of God in the last days. He said if you Pentecostal people grouping yourselves out in the creeds again in worldliness having a form of godliness and denying the power of before you have to raise in the resurrection to be condemned. to be condemned. He said, "Because the voice of God that speaks to you now through the word will condemn you in that day." That's why there's been such a push to reverence the sanctuary. Because the word that's being preached is really going to meet you on the day of judgment. That's right. And we need to take it seriously. We can't look at church as if it's our living room and we can just talk and act any way we want to in our living room. It ain't like that. He says if you're just a lukewarm believer, the voice of God cries in your heart this morning, you're a lukewarm believer, you better repent. Amen. We know, we know in our heart if we're feeling that God is calling us to overcome. Amen. Ephesians chapter 6 verse 10. Now, I'm not going to have all this time. You know what? I'm just going to have you read that. Read Ephesians chapter 6 verse 10 through18. It's basically the armor of God. We don't fight against flesh and blood. We're not fighting against one another. The devil wants us to think so, but we're not. We're fighting against a spirit that's trying to get to our spirit. The whole battle is to overcome ourselves from standing in the way from following God with all of our heart. That's the battle. Amen. Amen. And if we can get a clear picture what the battle is, then we know what to overcome. Amen. It's no longer, oh, this person in the church, they shouldn't have done that. That's right. Or why do we got a problem with this over here? That's right. Right. The main thing is everybody in the church could not make it. But you have to have the attitude if brother says if nobody makes it in this city, I'm going to make it. And of course, if you are the one person in the city that's going to make it, I can guarantee that you go to some church. Amen. And if you're the only person that makes it in the city and you go to that church, that means everybody in that church ain't going to make it. Are you with me? Are you catching what I'm saying? It just doesn't matter. What matters is that you surrender your life to God. Amen. Amen. We must follow him into our promised land. We must follow him into the regeneration. We must follow him into the completion of the new birth. We must follow him into the image of the son of man. We must follow him all the way. Hold your beginning confidence steadfast to the end. That's what it means to overcome. Amen. Amen. Now, we've been promised. We've been predestinated to be conformed into his image. That's right. I know a lot of times it doesn't seem like it's going to happen. That's why the Bible says we got to claim it. We are the sons of God. It does not yet appear what we shall be, but we know that when he shall appear, we shall be like him. For we shall see him as he is. And every man that believes this, that that that has this hope, he purifies himself even as he is pure. Amen. Amen. Not taken away as puress, but he wants to be more. And so there's this attitude of more of God in my life. Amen. 2 Corinthians 3:15. This is really important. And and thank you for bearing with me. But but even unto this day when Moses is read, the word of God is read, the veil is upon their heart. That's right. In other words, there's something on the heart that's keeping them from seeing. Just as we know that um God blinded the eyes of Israel that the Gentiles could come in. Right. Right. So there was a veil on the Jews so that they could not see Christ until the Gentiles come in. Now we know one day, brother Brandon said, when that rapture when the rapture happens, not one more Gentile can come in. But God will be turning to the Jews one day. It's going to happen. It's got to happen. It's the word of God. And at that point, the veil will be taken off their heart and they will see Jesus Christ who is it will be the same message that we're listening to today. Truth. Amen. He said, "Nevertheless," verse 16, "when it shall turn to the Lord, the veil shall be taken away." What turned towards the Lord? The heart. Yes, sir. The heart has to be turned towards the Lord. If our heart is not turned towards the Lord, we will stay in a lukewarm condition the rest of our life. Now, the Lord is that spirit, and where the spirit of the Lord is, there's liberty. Think about that. Amen. We we know we're not going to go into a a a bar and and they're going to be worshiping Jesus Christ in there. God don't have liberty there. you know, they're smoking, they're drinking, they're doing all this stuff. There's no liberty, right? So, you're not going to find them there. And you're not going to find God in the heart of a lukewarm believer who won't let him have his way. I'm sorry. He's standing at the door and he's knocking to come in cuz he he wants liberty. He wants about to tell you when when you he that have an ear to hear, let him hear what the spirit is saying to the church. When the he speaks to your heart, right? He wants you to open the door. He wants you to open the door and give him liberty to come in. And say, "Okay, I will follow what you say to do." But you know, people will walk around and they'll just they'll fight. Yeah, God's with me. But then they don't have a life to choose God's with them. And I'm so glad for this message to help us know the difference. Right? Amen. This message has really taught us now. We all with open face beholding in a glass the glory of the Lord are changed. We're changed into the same image of God from glory to glory. Amen. Even what? as by the spirit of the Lord. It's not by well, you know, I accept it in my mind or I went to church. No, God's spirit comes into our heart because we open the door. We let him in. We gave him liberty. He comes in and he changes us. Amen. Amen. And we're a church that believes in in in our natures being changed and not remaining in the same condition. That's right. Year after year. We should be being changed to become more like Christ year after year according to the gospel. Amen. But God stands at the door. He's knocking. And we've got to be able to say, "Lord, not my will. Thy will be done. Come on in. Come on in my heart." More. The overcomer is here wanting to overcome inside of us. You know, it's only one minute past. That is amazing. I think we have time for another half hour. What do you think? I'm going to go through this real quick. It won't be a half hour. I was just kidding on that. Romans 8. And believe me, I'm skipping some stuff here. If Christ be in us, which he is, when he's abiding, I'll say it like this. Who can be against us? Now, we know, we've heard this. I don't really know what's true, but we've heard this. We can understand the the gist of it that more wars are fought over religion than anything else. Amen. We know a lot of wars have been fought over religion. Amen. But in reality, when I watched Jesus with his disciples saying, "Put thy sword away." He did. If you live with the sword, you're going to die with those. I I don't see that God wants me to fight you because you don't believe what I believe. I don't believe the Holy Ghost is going to say to me, "Let's kill uh 94,000 pro. I can't remember how many how many 64 million 64 million Protestants to prove that God is with me. I I don't think we prove we're right by fighting. Right. That's right. That is right. But if truly God is inside of you, you don't have to worry about a thing. Amen. Amen. That's right. All right. Romans chapter 8 verse 8. So then they that are in the flesh cannot please God. Right? Make believers in the flesh. But ye are not in the flesh, but in the spirit. If so be the spirit of God dwells in you. Now if any man have not the spirit of Christ, he's not of his. Point blank. And if Christ be in you, the body is dead. That's right. Because of sin. Amen. But the spirit is life because of righteousness. So if Christ is in you, he's got liberty. You don't get your you're not doing what you want to do. That's right. You have learned to discipline yourself. You're a disciple of Christ. You're doing what he wants you to do. But if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead, if he dwells in you, then he that raised up Christ, he's going to also quicken your mortal body by the spirit that what dwells in you, not that's going to come in you later. This is a present tense change that happens in our nature. That's right. And so at the end of of chapter eight, I like to go there. We're going to close um with a couple scriptures after this one. That was supposed to be funny, but at the end of chapter [Laughter] eight, see that's why I'm so against just joking, you know, at the b doesn't work. Okay. At the end of chapter 8, Paul asks 13 questions. 13 questions. At the end of chapter 8, what he's trying to do is trying to shake us from our thinking and get us to think like the mind of Christ. Amen. That's what he's doing. Start here with verse 31. What shall we say to these things? If God be for us, who can be against us? He that spared not his own son, but delivered him up for us all. How shall he not with him also freely give us all things? Who shall lay anything to the the charge of God's elect? It is God that justifieth. Who is he that condemnth? It is Christ that died rather is risen again. And who who is even at the right hand of God who maketh intercession for you and I? Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? Question. Shall tribulation? That's another question. So distress, persecution, famine, nakedness, peril, sword. Are any of these things going to separate us when Christ is inside of us? No. It can't be his love for us, right? Because Christ loves everybody, right? It has to be him living inside of us. The love of Christ inside of us, abiding in us. Because when Christ is in you, it don't matter what you go through. We got examples of that. We got the three Hebrew children. We got all these example. Daniel the lion's done it. It just doesn't matter. When God is in you, everything is okay. Amen. As it is written, for thy sake, notice this. And we'll need this for the next verse. And I promise we're going to stop. As it is written, for thy sake we are killed all the day long. We are counted as sheep for the Why does it have to be there? Why is that verse stuck in here right in the middle of not being separated from the love of God? It's just like it doesn't even have a place. It has a place. Yes, it does. Because if you don't keep yourself dead, Christ love can't love inside you. Amen. Because this is how most humans are. I want the love of God here, but don't you make me lay down my life for anybody. I'm selfish. I'm going to do what I want to do. That is right. But we want to claim, you know, God's with us. For thy sake, we are killed all the day long. We are counted as sheep for the slaughter. Nay, in all these things, we are more than conquerors through him. Through him that loved us. For I'm persuaded that neither death, nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come, nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature shall be able to separate us from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus our Lord. And if Christ Jesus our Lord is inside of us, nothing is going to separate you from doing his will. Right? The truth. Last scripture, Revelation 12:10. And I heard a loud voice saying in heaven, "Now is come the salvation and strength and the kingdom of God and the power of his Christ. For the accuser of our brethren is cast down. Let's identify who he is. He accuses them before God day and night." You know, you know what he does, James? The devil will come to you and he'll say, "You know what I want you to do? I want you to go do this bad thing." And then he says, "You're bad. You shouldn't have done that bad thing." And then he goes before God and he says, "Did you see James?" Exactly the truth. That's what the devil does. Now, what we need is to overcome that. Amen. And we need to overcome. I'm serious. The spirit of lukewarmness because we're ending in this verse here. And they overcame him by the blood of the lamb, by the word of their testimony. And they love not their lives unto that. Why is that in there? Why can't I just claim the blood? Does that have a testimony? I believe God. How will we ever overcome if we remain in love with oursel, our will, our desire? How will we overcome if we have a testimony that is not a word testimony? Remember Joshua and Caleb had a word testimony. They said we are more than able to take the land because that's what the word said. Yeah, right. That is right. They had a word testimony. Look, the prophet of the hour said that this is what we do. I believe in the word that the prophet of the hour said and they stayed with it. And God says, "As I was with Moses, I'll be with you." They had a word testimony. Amen. If the word said I can do all things through Christ, then I got that testimony. Amen. If the if the word says laid down your life for the brethren, we all laid down our life for the brethren, then I can do it. If the word says love our enemies, I have that testimony. I can love my enemy. Amen. We need a word testimony. You can't have the testimony that those others that didn't make it, they murmured. They complained. They said, "It'd be better if we just were in the world." You know, we could just do our thing. We not going to feel this condemnation all the time. Don't murmur and complain and think that you got a word testimony. Amen. Scripture says, "Do all things without murmuring and complaining that you may be blameless, harmless, the sons of God." That's right. So, you want to overcome? You want to be an overcomer to him that overcomemeth? Don't complain. Don't murmur. Have a word testimony. And love not your life unto the death. Love not your life unto the death. Amen. How are we going to overcome if we don't honor the blood? Right? We're going to overcome by the blood of the lamb. Now, I'm going to just say this real clear. That is not just saying, "I plead the blood. What that means is honor the blood. The blood was spilt that this word could get to you. Amen. So when you trample over the word, you're trampling over the blood. And you're not going to make it if you don't hold the word in honor. If you don't respect the blood. Amen. You don't respect the word. Amen. You can't go ahead and plead the word if you're not respecting it. Bible says if we we walk in the light as he is in the light, the blood of Jesus Christ cleanses us from all sin. So this is what we need to overcome. We need the need to honor the blood, honor the word of God, have a word testimony, and and keep ourselves crucified. Amen. If you don't do that, you're going to end up just, well, that's too hard to do. I'm just going to try to fake it, right? And you'll never overcome that lukewarm spirit. Amen. Let's stand together. God bless you for your patience. The overcomer is predestinated today to overcome. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. I am so needy, Lord. So needy of you. I am so needy, Lord, to be more like you. She all my rights away in this world of sin. I am so needy, Lord, to be pure within. I am so needy, Lord. So needy of you. I am so needy, Lord, to be more like you. She all my rights away in this world of sin. I am so needy, Lord, to be pure with. Amen. Let's sing it like it's coming from our heart. I am so needy, Lord. So needy of you. I am so needy, Lord, to be more like you. She all my rights away in this world of sin. I am so needy, Lord, to be pure [Music] within. Amen. Amen. I love that song. Um, I surrender all. I surrender all. That that expression of I am needy of you, Lord. It's it it it I think the devil hates it. Amen. Because the devil wants us to feel, I'm in need of nothing, but I am so needy of you, Lord. Let's sing. Shut in with God. In a secret place. Amen. Shut in with God in a secret place. There in the spirit, beholding his faith, gaining new power to run in this race. How I love.
