################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-03 - 4.2.25 - Hearing & Responding - John Martin - John Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-03
Title:   4.2.25 - Hearing & Responding - John Martin
Speaker: John Martin
Church:  Send The Light Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Y52za76N5Q
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. N. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Jesus Christ our Lord. Just forget about yourself and concentrate on him and worship him. Just forget about yourself. Concentrate on him and worship him. Just forget about yourself and concentrate on him and worship Christ the Lord. Worship him Jesus Christ our Lord. Let us lift up holy hands and magnify his name and worship him. Let us lift up holy hands and magnify his name and worship him. Let us lift up holy hands and magnify his name and worship Christ the Lord. Worship him Jesus Christ our Lord. We have come into this place. We've gathered in his name to worship him. We have come into this place. We've gathered in his name to worship him. We have come into this place. We've gathered in his name to worship Christ the Lord. Worship him Jesus Christ our Lord. Lord. Amen. Amen. Ask brother James if he'll just open in a word of prayer. something. Amen. And you may be seated. There's a land that is sweeter. Amen. There's a land that is fairer than day. And by faith we can see it afar. For the Father waits over the way to prepare us a dwelling place there in the sweet by and by. We shall meet on that beautiful shore in the sweet by and by. We shall meet on that beautiful shore. We shall sing on that beautiful shore. The melodious songs of the blessed and our spirits shall sorrow no more. Not a sigh for the blessing of rest. In the sweet by and by, we shall meet on that beautiful shore. In the sweet by and by, we shall meet on that beautiful shore. To our bountiful father above, we will offer our tribute of praise for the glorious gift of his love and the blessings that hollow our days. In the sweet by and by, we shall meet on that beautiful shore. In the sweet by and by, we shall meet on that beautiful shore. In the sweet by and by, we shall meet on that beautiful shore. In the sweet by and by we shall meet on that beautiful shore. Amen. Amen. I'll fly away. Amen. Some glad morning when this life is over, I'll fly away to a home on God's celestial shore. I'll fly away. Oh, I'll fly away. Oh, glory. I'll fly away. I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by, I'll fly away. When the shadows of this life have grown, I'll fly away. I'll fly away. Like a bird from prison, arms have flown. I'll fly away. Oh, I'll fly away. Oh, glory. I'll fly away. I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by, I'll fly away. Just a few more weary days and then I'll fly away to a land where joy shall never end. I'll fly [Applause] away. I'll fly away. Oh glory. I'll fly away. I won't cry. Hallelujah. By and by, I'll fly away. Oh, I'll fly away. Oh, glory. I'll fly away. I'll fly away. I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by, I'll fly away. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. I'm gonna fly away. Amen. I feel like traveling on. Amen. My heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling on. No pain nor death can enter there. I feel like traveling on. Yes, I feel like traveling on. I feel like traveling on. My heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling on its glittering towers. The sun out shines. I feel like traveling on. That heavenly mansion shall be mine. I feel like traveling on. Yes, I feel like traveling on. I feel like traveling on. My heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling on. Let others seek a home below. I feel like traveling on which flames deour or waves overflow. I feel like traveling on. Yes, I feel like traveling on. I feel like traveling on. My heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling on. The Lord has been so good to me. I feel like traveling on until that blessed home I see. I feel like traveling on. Yes, I feel like traveling on. I feel like traveling on. My heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling on. Amen. Amen. So we take up our prayer requests tonight. Uh we want to remember uh the Johnson family. Brother Johnson went on crossed over Jordan yesterday. Amen. So his toils and his burdens are over. Amen. So he's had a big influence on most all of us here. So just remember Sister Johnson that she'll not worry that the Lord will just bless the family that they'll know the decisions they have to make. Amen. So, let's remember also those that are still away, Brother Ron, Sister Lori, Brother Marty, that God will just bless them. Um, then the missionaries, the unspoken requests, those that aren't here, uh, Brother Ferguson, Sister Miriam, that God will just bless them and keep them. Let's all stand together. Let's just join our voices together. Amen. Dear Lord Jesus, what a great priest we have. We're thankful Jesus Lord Father. Heavenly Father Johnson just comfort them, encourage them, Lord. You be close to them. Fatherless bless you, Lord Jesus. Saints, Father, Lord, may bless brother, sister. Lord, I pray you just watch over them. Ferguson pray every heavenly father we pray for all those brother and sister we pray you bless them Lord Father God you come and be our guest remember the missionaries father remember those Lord there's forest fires going around Lord there's earthquakes Father, Lord Jesus, we know you have children, Father. Lord, you have [Music] severize that seed, lift it up, Father, Lord Jesus, we pray that you're just by your spirit. Bless John, Lord. Open our ears. We might hear you. We love you. We thank you, Father. all these things in Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. So, we have one announcement. Uh, brother Josh Martin will be with us this Sunday. So, we've enjoyed him. Amen. Amen. So, be glad to have him here. I've anchored in Jesus. Amen. Upon life's boundless ocean, where mighty billows roll, I fix my hope in Jesus, bless anchor of my soul. When trials fears assail me, as storms are gathering more, I rest upon his mercy and trust him more. Yes, I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of life I'll brave. I've anchored in Jesus. I fear no wind nor wave. Yes, I've anchored in Jesus for he had power to save. I've anchored in the rock of aes. He keeps my soul from evil and gives me blessed peace. His voice has stilled the water and bid their toalt seas. My pilot and deliverer. To him I all confide. For always when I need him is at my side. Yes, I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of life I'll brave. I've anchored in Jesus. I fear no wind or wave. Yes, I've anchored in Jesus for he had power to save. I've anchored to the rock of aes. He is my friend and savior. In him my anchors cast. He drives away my sorrow and shields me from the blast. By faith I'm looking upward beyond life's troubled sea. There I behold a haven prepared for me. Yes, I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of life how brave. I've anchored in Jesus. I fear no wind nor wave. Yes, I've anchored in Jesus for he had power to save. I've anchored in the rock of aes. Yes, I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of life I'll brave. I've anchored in Jesus. I fear no wind nor wave. Yes, I've anchored in Jesus for he had power to save. I've anchored to the rock of [Applause] aes. Amen. Amen. Let's stand together. Amen. Amen. And ask brother Ben if he'll just pray over the offering. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Wonderful peace. Aren't you glad for that? Amen. Far away in the depths of my spirit tonight rolls a meloy sweeter than song. In celestial like strange it unceasingly falls. for my soul like an infinite calm. Peace, peace, wonderful, oh peace coming down from the father above. We pour over my spirit forever I pray in faithless billows of love. What a treasure I have in this wonderful peace. Buried deep in the heart of my soul. So secure that no power can mine it away. While the years of eternity rolls, peace, peace, wonderful peace coming down from the father above. Sweep over my spirit forever I pray. and fathomless billows of [Music] love. I am resting tonight in this wonderful peace. Resting sweetly in Jesus control. For I'm kept from all danger by night and by day. and his glorious flooding my soul. Peace, peace, wonderful peace coming down from the father above. Sweep over my spirit forever I pray. and fathomless billows of love and me thinks when I rise in that city of peace where the author of peace I shall see that one strain of the song which the ransom will sing in that heaven Heavenly kingdom shall be peace. Peace, wonderful peace coming down from the father above. Sweep over my spirit forever I pray in faomless pillows of love. A soul are you here without comfort or rest. Marching down the rough pathway of time. Make Jesus your friend. There the shadows grow dark. Oh, except this sweet peace so love. Peace, peace, wonderful peace coming down from the father above. Sweep over my spirit forever I pray in faomless pillows of love. Amen. Amen. I have decided to follow Jesus. Amen. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. The cross before me. The world behind me. The cross before me. The world behind me. The cross before me. the world behind me. No turning back. No turning back. Take this whole world, but give me Jesus. Take this whole world, but give me Jesus. Take this whole world, but give me Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. I have started for the kingom. I have started for the kingom. I have started for the kingdom. I won't turn back. I won't turn back. Though none go with me, still I will follow. Though none go with me, still I will follow. Though none go with me, still I will follow. No turning back, no turning back. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. Take this whole world, but give me Jesus. Take this whole world, but give me Jesus. Take this whole world, but give me Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's all stand together. Sing that chorus. I'm going to live. Amen. Amen. As brother John comes this night, tonight. Amen. I'm going to live the way he wants me to live. I'm going to give until there's just no more to give. I'm going to love love till there's just no more love. I could never ever out love the Lord. I'm going to live the way he wants me to live. I'm going to give until there's just no more to give. I'm going to love till there's just no more love. I could never ever out love the Lord. I'm going to live the way he wants me to live. No more to give. I'm going to love love till there's just no more love. I could never ever out love the Lord. Amen. Amen. That is the truth. The more you love him, the more he loves you. Amen. And there's no end to his love. There's no end there. The more that we grow in Christ, the more we grow in love. Amen. Just every day we can grow by just thinking about the mercies that rewrite our life every day. Amen. Every day. Amen. God bless you today. If you turn with me in the Bibles to the book of Revelations chapter 3, um when I had heard uh about Brother Johnson, um I was sad that um he was going down and just wanting to spend a little bit more time with him. And um but I knew that in my my thought it was selfish because he's by far. He's in the place that he's longed to be. And to think that this man um knew that no one else would want to miss it. spent his life trying to convince others how important it is to make heaven your home. We we we love him and we we're going to miss him and we look forward to spending eternity with him. And I'm so glad that I listened to the call. Amen. Amen. We'll maybe say just a few more words uh about brother Johnson, but let's look to God in prayer and then we'll read the scriptures and have you be seated. Our heavenly father, we thank you for these that have gathered out today to be in your house, Lord, to to be in your presence and to feed from the word of God today. Uh we pray Lord that you would move in a very personal way in each of our lives here today. That we could all receive from you a part of your word that would grant to us a closer walk with you and that we might be prepared for your coming. Lord Jesus, we pray Lord that you would remember uh Sister Johnson and the children and the spouses and the grandchildren um Lord and that thou would remember the thousands upon thousands Lord that are remembering uh brother Johnson today and the days to come that you would be their strength and their comfort. comfort, oh God. And may there be uh a great rejoicing in their hearts just knowing, Lord, that brother Johnson has gone on to receive his reward. Lord, we thank you with all of our heart for for him in our lives and what he has done to help us to be where we are. Lord God, we just worship you and thank you for it. God, may you come now and bless the remainder of this service. Bless this word, thy word to our heart as we commit it to you in the precious name of Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Amen. Now, we're going to read in Revelations chapter 3 before you're seated with the Leodysian church starting with verse number 14. And unto the angel of the church of Leodysia, write these things, sayeth the Amen, the faithful, the true witness, the beginning of the creation of God. I know thy works, that thou art neither cold nor hot. I would that thou work cold or hot. And so then, because you're not either of those, and lukewarm, neither cold or hot, I will spew thee out of my mouth. Because thou sayest, I am rich, and increase with goods, and have need of nothing, and knowest not that thou art wretched, miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked. I counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire that thou mayest be rich in white raignment that thou mayest be clothed. The shame of thy nakedness do not appear and anoint thine eyes with eyes hath that thou mayest see as many as I love I rebuke and chasen be zalious therefore and repent. Behold I stand at the door and knock. If any man hear my voice, open the door, I will come into him and will s with him and he with me. To him that overcomemeth, why grant to sit with me on my throne? Even as I also overcame and am set down with my father in his throne. He that have an ear, let him hear what the spirit saith unto the churches. Amen. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. Now knows how important it is to hear what the spirit is saying to the church. How else will we really even understand what it means to buy of him gold tried in the fire? How will we know what it means to have our eyes anointed with Isaf and our ears cleaned out? I went to the doctor um here just uh this week. Um and he well actually it was uh two weeks ago and um he looked in my left ear and he saw that uh there was wax in my ear. He said, "You you have some wax in there." And um I just thought, "Okay." And because I remember they're having some wax in there one time before, maybe a couple times before, and I couldn't quite hear. I would like wake up on the side of my pillow and I couldn't hear if I'm laying on this side, and I still couldn't hear very well, very well, because there's like a humidifier thing going on. And um so what I would do is I would get uh some peroxide and I would lay down and I'd let the peroxide begin to get it out and I could finally hear. So when he told me that last time, um I I thought I could hear, but he still said there was wax in there. So I went ahead and I worked on that and got that out. So when I went and seen him again for just my normal checkup, um he said, "Yeah, it looks a lot better." And you know, how how do we know that when we're properly hearing the word of God? We we need we need God to open our ears. Amen. To open our eyes, to give us understanding so we know how to properly be prepared to meet the Lord. And we want to entitle this message today, hearing and responding. Hearing and responding. And I might want to say uh as a subject hearing personally from God and responding back to God. When I think about uh brother Johnson, there was a time that he had come out of his uh schooling and he was seeking the Lord uh about where to go and um they had been praying and and fasting and and God had given him a little vision where he had heard come up to Ann Arbor to help us. And we've heard this story before. Um, and the the beauty of this, he didn't even know Ann Arbor. Didn't know. Um, but he heard that and he responded. Amen. He heard and he responded. And because he responded, I'm here today. Amen. I'm here. And I'll tell you there, we wouldn't have a church here today. We wouldn't we wouldn't have our children would we wouldn't have what we have if it had not been for that man responding to the call. And I'm thinking if that man could do that and cause all this wonderful people to make it to heaven, how much more should we be able to hear from God and respond to God? Amen. You know, we may not hear, you know, go to this city or go to that, but he could tell us something that would be just as important for us to do. Amen. And it's important that we respond to God. So, we want to talk a little bit about this. I had called left a message. I think it was with brother uh Paul um Johnson today and I just thanked him for the sacrifice that he made all the years with his that his dad could help so many people get to heaven because you know it's a hard time right now for them and and and to know that your sacrifice helped a lot of people and uh God God bless the Martin family. Amen. and all those uh family members that have to sacrifice so much for the ministry. Amen. Amen. Now, our bodies have five gates. I want to talk about these five gates just a second. See, taste, feel, hear, and smell. Now, with these five gates, our bodies, they make contact with the world that we live in. Amen. If we hear mom calling us for dinner and we walk out, we smell something good cooking. We sit down in the table and we see a a beautiful spread and after we pray, we feel the texture of the biscuits, the homemade biscuits, and we slap some butter on it and it and we taste the goodness all right there through those five gates. that happens and all these things process through the through the faculty of our mind and we make all these decisions of it smells good, doesn't smell good, tastes good, doesn't taste good, feels good, doesn't feel good. It all happens in our mind. Our minds use these five gates to contact the world that we live in. But if we ever want to make contact with God, we need to make contact through our heart. Amen. Amen. So, we don't want to come to church and think that we're hearing from God from our ears. I wonder what he's going to speak. I wonder what scripture is going to be being used. We're not hearing from God in our ears. We got to get this straight. If we want to hear from God, we got to start listening inside of our heart. Amen. Our hearts also have ears and they have a mouth. Our heart can speak and our ears can hear the and the ears of our heart can hear. Now the problem with too many people is they they have thoughts in their heart that are completely contrary to what comes out of their mouth. Jesus speaking to the Pharisees. He said in Matthew 15:7, "Ye hypocrites," well did Isaiah's prophesy of you, saying, "This people draw nigh unto me with their mouth." In other words, they're singing the songs. They're saying praise and they honor me with their lips. But look, their heart is far from me. showing there's a separation between what happens in the head and what happens in the heart. Amen. Now our mouth can say one thing and our heart can say something completely different. Amen. Jesus said in Luke 6:45, "A good man out of the good treasures of his heart bringeth forth that which is good, and an evil man out of the evil treasure of his heart bringeth forth that which is evil. for of the abundance of the heart. Amen. The mouth speaketh. Amen. So that shows me that there could be a lot of things in our heart that we don't speak. Every tree is known by its fruit. Jesus said, "So for out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaketh." So what's going on in our heart? Our hearts can have mixed motives. That could be good. It could be bad. And it could be ugly. All happening. We've all experienced someone saying one thing but really believing something different. Yes. Amen. Someone talking to us about one thing, but they're really wanting something else. We've all experienced that. The capability of conveying one thing to somebody, but really something different's happening inside. showing that there's a a difference what's happening in the mind to make those words come out when our heart is in a different spot. Jeremiah 17:9 says the heart is deceitful above all and desperately wicked. Who can know it? Who can know it? It's a good question. It takes God to actually show us with our within our heart. Amen. You don't even have to talk to a Christian and they'll they'll tell you they know their heart. But even a Christian needs God to show them what's in their heart, right? Because our heart is deceitful. And what's so strange about this is we'll trust our deceitful heart above what the word of God says. We don't really know. We need God. Hebrews 4:12 says, "For the word of God is quick and powerful and sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing even to the dividing of sunder of soul and spirit and of the joints and marrow and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart." Right? Amen. It can separate. It can divide us under the soul and the spirit. the joints and the marorrow. The marrow that's in the bones and is a discerner of the thoughts and tents of heart. That was one of the great things that caught our attention in the ministry of brother Brandham because God used him to discern the thoughts and the tents of man's heart. It got our attention and we say now man can't do that. That had to be God in brother Random. Amen. That's right. But you know that same God is here every time we come to church and the word is being preached. But because a brother is not standing up here calling out our name and saying we live at so and so this happened to you so and so that we don't think that it's God. We just sometimes well that's that's just a coincidence. There are times that we say, "Hey, did you tell brother John?" Sometimes we hear that. Sometimes we think, "How did he know? How did brother John know?" But for whatever reason, we don't want to give God credit for preaching the word. Like God is God's word comes forth and somehow it has a way of speaking to our hearts. Amen. It's and sometimes we miss it because we're we're hearing God with these ears and this understanding, this intellect, and we're really missing God speaking to our heart. Verse 13 says, "Neither is there any creature that is not manifest in his sight, but all things are naked and open unto the eyes of him of whom we have to do." How many has to do with the Lord? Amen. How many belongs to the Lord? That means everything. God sees everything in our lives. Amen. Amen. Now, those of us that um I'll just say it like this. It takes a humble heart to ask God to show them their heart. It does. It takes a humble heart. It takes a brave heart to discover what's hidden inside. It's true. Because a lot of times we don't really want to know. We don't want to deal with it. True, but it can only be done through the word of God. Brother Brandham said, "We come to church to find out where we're at with God." So that word comes forth and it speaks to our heart. We may not even uh psychologically maybe agree with with what's being said, but somehow through that message, God has a way of speaking to our heart. Now, that's not why everybody comes to church, though. Brother Bam said that's what we come to church for. But that's not why everybody comes to church. But it ought to be our number one reason. Amen. To allow the word of God to discern our life. Amen. Because if if anything's going to be real with God, like if we're going to make it to heaven, we will make it to heaven in with a real relationship. Yeah, we will not make it to heaven on a fake relationship. We will not make it to heaven faking it. It'll either be real or we'll miss it. Because God don't have any fake in heaven. Psalms 119 105 says, "Thy word is a lamp unto my feet and a light unto my path." We want the word of God to be preached to us so we can see how does it fit in my life. It shines in our life and it lets us know whether we're where we need to be or if we got to move over into the light. Walk in the light as he is in the light. Right? Whatever God shows you, just walk in it. Amen. That's what that's it's real. It's it's so real. All we need to do is trust the word of God above our feelings and emotions, our our our own intellect, our own understanding for guidance for our lives. Without the word of God, we won't have a light. We won't have a compass. We won't have a sense of direction for our lives. Without the word of God, we won't even understand when God speaks to us. I'll never ever forget this. God speaking to me and I just didn't get what he was saying. It was young in my my of course we know this um just in the story of of of um Samuel when Samuel when God was calling Samuel and he heard but he didn't know God. It was God calling him. He had to have somebody else tell him. Next time just say, "Here am I, Lord." And I remember young in my ministry and the Lord speaking to me and you know, I'm so used to hearing like this. Just make it raise in my ear. I understand here. I didn't never understood God speaking to my heart. But he don't speak here. I know prophecies come here and I know we got to hear the word of God through here. But we if we don't hear with our heart, we're not going to hear God. Amen. We're going to hear a devil telling us something that really isn't there. Too many people are just satisfied with hearing up here and never hearing in their heart. Jesus speaking in John 8:43, he says, "Why do you not understand my speech even because you cannot hear my word?" Right? If we do not have an ear of our heart to hear God's word, we will never hear God's word. God did not get my attention on the news watching it with these eyes listening to the words in these ears. God spoke here. God gave all of us ears to hear what the spirit is saying to us. Amen. And those ears, when we listen with those ears and we respond, it will lead and guide us into all truth. We do not understand, we'll never be able to follow God into or as Jesus said into the regeneration. Jesus talking to Peter, he says, "I understand that you left houses and you left family to follow me, but you need to continue following me into a new birth, into a bornagain experience to where your nature's changed. And if that doesn't happen, you haven't really reached the goal. And that's the same thing about coming out. I know you came out of Egypt. I know you rejoiced. I know you you your shoes didn't wear out. You drank from the well. Uh I I know you were blessed, but you got to follow me into the promised land. Amen. And I'll just say, we're sitting here in church, but God's calling you somewhere. God's calling you somewhere. He called, he didn't say to brother Johnson, to his son, our brother, um, he didn't say, "All right, you you're born again. You You made it through." No, you got a job to do. You belong to God. God wants to use you. And you need to be responding to when God speaks to you. Got to respond. You just can't sit there and say, "I heard God speak. I knew God was in the service." You've got to respond. Amen. Because that's the only way to get to the next step. Amen. How was I going to get saved if he didn't? Brother Johnson didn't go to Ann Arbor. Well, you know, God would have used somebody else. Well, I'm telling you what, God has a plan and it has to happen by the plan. We don't make the plan up because if we want to think like that, then nothing matters, but everything matters. The steps of a righteous man are ordered of the Lord. They that are the sons of God are led by the spirit of God. So, we have a part to play. And I just I just want to believe in being in the perfect will of God. Amen. Now when the word of God goes inside of our heart then our heart will follow God right but if the word of God is only in our head we will not follow God and what I mean by that is you'll be up one minute down the next trying to do good one moment and the next I I'm not there. But when it comes into the heart, it's settled. It don't matter how you're feeling. Don't matter what intellect's going on. Don't matter what hindrances. You understand that you're going to follow God. And this is why it's important to hear with your heart. And don't be satisfied with sitting in church and just hearing from your ears. God isn't there. God isn't here. God is not here in our intellect. He is here in our heart. He said, "I stand at the door and I knock." That is the door of our heart. And the quicker we can get to where our heart is when we're in church, the quicker we can get somewhere with God. In Matthew 11:1 15, Jesus says these words, "He that have ears to hear, let him hear. Now this phrase he that have ears to hear is um spoken seven times in the gospels. Seven times he uses this word ears. But when he gets to But after, if I could say it like this, after the Holy Ghost comes down in the day of Pentecost, now he's speaking to the church ages. To the church ages, he doesn't use plural ears. He uses singular ear meaning we hear with our heart and but when Jesus was speaking to the Pharisees they the word wasn't inside they couldn't understand it had everything had to be processed through here and then into here. Amen. But after the Holy Ghost comes, we don't use these ears to hear anymore. We come to church and it don't matter if the song is our favorite or if it's one that we haven't heard in a while. Our heart is listening to the song, right? And our heart is listening to the word. We're we're waiting for God to speak to us. We're like hungering and thirsting. Not with these ears, not with intellect, not to grow, cuz knowledge puffth up, but we're looking in our heart. God, speak to my heart. Amen. And the only way that you're going to hear God speak to you. I'm not saying he don't call sometimes because he gives everybody a chance. But the prophet told us he's only obligated to call us one time. After you call us one time, we need to get desperate in wanting to hear from God because God wants to see our heart say, "God, speak to me. I am sincere. I'm serious. God, speak to my heart. I got all this knowledge. I can quote the verses. I've been going to church, but I'm interested in knowing you, Lord. Speak to my heart." Speak to my heart. Our opening scripture, he that have an ear to hear, let him hear what the spirit saith un this is also spoken seven times. Seven times, each for each church age, which spans over 2,000 years to the Gentiles. He deals with them on an individual basis. So God is no respector of persons. The only way the first church age can get to heaven, it's the same way the last church age gets to heaven. And that is listening to the word of God. Amen. And then what? Responding. If we come to church and we only hear, but we don't respond, we miss it. We actually, the Bible says, we'll get into it if God gives us time. We deceive ourselves. We deceive ourselves. Amen. Turn with me if you would to 1 Corinthians chapter 2. Everyone has ears to hear what they want to understand. But not everyone has ears to hear what God's voice is speaking. Understand the difference. We could all go to a class. We could go we could, you know, Brother Bruce could set up a class and teach us all about cars. A lot about cars. We could teach us a lot about everything, right? And we could we we got the understanding to catch that and understand how threads and bolts and things are fastened and torqu, but when it comes to knowing God, you could spend five years learning the what the Greek means and the Hebrew means and and where it came from and how it ties in. But brother Brandon said, "When that is over, we are actually further away from God than when we started." Amen. God is just looking for a humble heart. Amen. This says, "God, I want to know you sincerely. That's all it takes." 1 Corinthians 2:16 says, "How be it, we speak wisdom among them that are are perfect, yet not the wisdom of this world, nor the princes of this world that come to not, but we speak the wisdom of God." Look, it's in a mystery. God's voice is in a mystery. Amen. Even the hidden wisdom which God ordained before the world unto our glory. In other words, from the very beginning, God did not want everybody to know. Look at this this next verse. Which none of the princes of this world knew. For if they had known it, they would have never crucified the Lord of glory. And if if Christ if Christ would have never been crucified, then we would all be going to hell. That's why he had to keep that from the devil because the devil would have said, "Don't crucify him." They would have been doing everything they could to keep them from dying. But as it is written, I have not seen nor ear heard, neither entered into the heart of men the things which God have prepared for them that love him. But God have revealed them unto us by his spirit. For the spirit searchth all things, yay, the deep things of God. For what man knoweth the things of a man, save the spirit of a man which is in him? Even so, the things of God knoweth no man but the spirit of God. Have you ever looked at the animal world? Like, have you ever just sat looked at ants? Yes. And just like, what are they doing and who are they talking to? And deer talking to one another. Dogs. All of a sudden, another dog comes over to play and all of a sudden they're acting so different and there's like a language between animals. And I've often wondered I I wonder what Sophie's thinking right now. What is she saying? I mean, there's the obvious when she they want she wants a treat, right? the obvious because you've seen it so many times. But just sitting there and going like this, she's like, "What are you thinking?" We cannot figure out God. We can't take this Bible and and try to decipher who God is. We are depending on the spirit of God to tell us who God is. Amen. No man knows God except the spirit of God. That's why it's important for us to seek the Holy Spirit in our heart. Not just the knowledge of what God's word says. Amen. Now, we have we have received not the spirit of the world, but the spirit which is of God, that we might know the things that are freely given to us of God, which things also we speak, not in the words of man's wisdom teacheth, but which the Holy Ghost teacheth. comparing spiritual things with spiritual things. Now, I just want to say this. This doesn't mean necessarily that we need a a a a spiritual everything perfectly of the Holy Ghost anointing before that you're going to hear from God. I've been in a Catholic church and I heard the voice of God. That is the truth. I've been in church. I sat in church for years. Nothing, nothing happening hardly with anybody, but I was in the back weeping, weeping, weeping because God was speaking to me. It's being in contact with the Holy Spirit. Amen. But the natural man receiveth not the things of the spirit of God, for they are foolishness unto him, neither can he know them, because they are spiritually discerned. In other words, not like intellectually figured out. Okay. What's politically right or wrong about this? But spiritually in here, this is what God really means. God, what God wants is my heart. He doesn't want me to do a bunch of works to make it to heaven. I spiritually discern that God really wants my heart. And the only work I need to do is to believe in him. And when he tells me to do something, that's what the work he wants me to do. Amen. Now, as much as God would that he would have all men to be saved, we know he knows all men would not be saved. Amen. So, he actually hides himself from them. He's not hiding himself from his children. He is not hiding himself from his wife. He wants to give the Holy Ghost more to us than we want it. God wants us to hear from him. Amen. So, let's not wait on God. Let's not say, "God, why can't I hear your voice? Why aren't I hearing you? Why ain't I Why aren't I hearing more from you? I think God wants us to get quiet. Spend some time alone with him. Yes. Get get in a secret place of the most high. And and let God begin to be real to us. We We just We can't get God some fast food service. do this, do this, and okay, everything's okay. Now I can go on my own merry way with my life. That's you'll never see God there. You'll never know God. You'll never have peace. You'll never have joy. You'll never have victory there. You've got to get real with God. He Matthew chap 11 verse 25. That time Jesus answered and said, "I thank thee, oh father, Lord of heaven of earth." Now notice he's praying and he's thanking the Father, Lord of heaven and of earth because you hid things from a certain group of people who just thought they were wise and prudent and revealed them unto those who didn't feel they were, you know, much of anything. a needy. A babe is needed. It It needs to feed. It needs It needs constant guidance. You cannot leave a babe alone and say, "I'll see you here in a month from now, next week when I get back." God wants us in our heart to be needy of him. Always needy. How many feel needy of the Lord? Amen. That's right. When you feel you don't need him, that's when he's saying you're lukewarm. You're in need of nothing. You're blind. You're miserable. And you don't even know it. Even so, father, for it seem good in your sight to do it this way. Of course, we read it there in in Corinthians. Jesus defines now who has power, right? All power, he said, is given unto me in heaven and earth. And he says here in verse 27, "All things are delivered unto me of my father, and no man knoweth the son, but the father, neither knoweth any man the father, save the son." It's almost like, you know, best friends. Right? But then he says, "And he to whom the son will reveal." Like James and Luke are good friends. are good friends. They have spoken things to one another that they have not spoken to me. I know this to be the truth. And if I want to know, if I want to know, I can't go to Sister Linda and say, "Can you tell me what they what Luke talked about?" because she's not going to know. You can't go to brother John to find out what God's trying to speak to you. Amen. You got to go to the source. And the source can reveal what was spoken. Jesus Christ is the revelation of God. Amen. And look, he leads into this next verse 28. So if you want to you want to really know God, he says, "Come unto me all ye that are laboring to know God, you're heavy laden, you're just struggling." And it says, "I will reveal myself to you, right? And you'll rest right in that face. Final resting place is in the word. Take my yoke." That's the word of God. Take my word. Learn of me for I am meek and lowly in heart. You shall find rest for your souls. For my yoke is easy and my burden is light. Wow. I've talked to I just talked to somebody here this week and their life had just been through the ringer. They just took some wrong paths, made some wrong choices. And I tell you, they didn't take the yoke of God. And their life, the burden that they carried was so heavy that there was no victory in their life, nothing to to testify of of a lightness and of a of feeling good. And so I just say it like this. We need to choose the word of God for our lives, right? Choose the word of God. Don't say don't say in your heart, "I'm just going to keep doing what I want to do and in my mind and in my mouth, I'm going to act like I'm taking the word of God." Don't do that. Start practicing. No matter what your age is, start practicing to take God's word. And if the Bible says it, just do it. Amen. The Bible says it just do it. Matthew chapter 13 and Lord help me to get through all that I want to get through. Therefore speak I to them in parables. Jesus speaking because they seen they see not. How can that be? And they hear and hear not neither do they understand. So, they're seeing they're seeing this wall, this gray wall, but God's saying they don't really see that it's a gray wall. It's It's different. They're looking at this white, but God's saying it's not white. See, they seen. They don't really see. They hearing but they really don't hear. Neither do they understand. And Jesus says, "Why do you not understand my speech?" Why? Because you cannot hear my word. This word is not important to you. As soon as the word becomes important to you, I can guarantee you have ears to hear. That's all it's got to be right there. When the word is important to you, you can stand up and and and and and testify. I've got ears to hear. But the word has to become important to you. Right? You can't say, I I'm a child of God and I hear, but you won't listen to the word. And in them, Jesus said, is fulfilled the prophecy of Isaiah, which saith, by hearing you shall hear and shall not understand, and seeing you shall see and not perceive. For this people's heart, notice it's the heart, not the head. For this people's heart is waxed, gross, right? And their ears are dull of hearing. Right? They got wax in them. Like brother John and their eyes they have closed, lest at any time they should see with their eyes and hear with their ears and should understand with their heart. And what happens after that? Conversion. Conversion. Satan doesn't want anybody to get converted. He wants to tell people who are not converted that you're converted. He wants to tell people who don't have the Holy Ghost, they've got the Holy Ghost. Amen. Because he doesn't want them converted. And that's But you know, we can't get converted unless we got ears to hear. We've got to have ears to hear. And then God will heal us. Amen. But blessed are your eyes for they see and your ears for they hear. For verily I say unto you that many prophets and righteous men have desired to see those things which you see and have not seen them and hear those things which you hear and have not heard them. We are a blessed people. Yes. To receive one revelation from God. Amen. Just one revelation from God. We're blessed. Amen. and and and to think that we have received a a lot of revelations from God. We are blessed beyond measure. God has blessed us with himself. Amen. Hebrews chapter 5 11 verbs chapter 5 11 says of whom we have many things to say and hard to hard to be uttered seeing you are dull of hearing. So now the same words being used that Jesus used. Dull of hearing, not sharp. Like you ever try telling somebody something and they like don't want to listen to what you're saying? They just I've heard it over. I've heard it. You keep saying it. I've heard it. They said to brother Ryan, "When are you going to get job off the ashet?" But we've all tried, those of us that have children especially, and maybe sometimes those of us that got parents, those got it happens to everybody, right? Happens to everybody. You try telling them something and they just don't get it. But you know where they're not getting it? They're not getting it here. Amen. Their attitude don't want it. They hear here loud and clear, but here they're not getting it. And so Paul is saying here there's a dullness of hearing. You you don't want to hear. It's an attitude problem. It's not an an understanding. It it's I don't want and Paul's calling a doll of hearing for when for the time you ought to be further along now you ought to be a teacher and you actually have need that one would teach you again which be the very first principle of the oracles of God and are become as having need of milk and not strong meat In other words, oh, don't put that pressure on me. Don't don't you know, I just can't take this high standard. You know, you just got to make it real easy for me. You know what I mean? I mean, just be happy if I can make it to church, you know, once a month. For everyone that uses milk is unskillful in the word of God, for he is a babe. Now, if we were going to be here today and we're all going to line up over here, we're going to put a target over there and we're all going to do arch, right? Bow and arrow and we're going to try to hit the bullseye. We would find out who is skilled and who is unskilled, just with the first shot, but we'd give you two. Three, you're out. But we would find out if we missed the target by this much three times in a row, we would consider that unskillful, someone who doesn't want to obey the word of God, right? But constantly has to be babyed, is unskillful, is a babe in Christ. And we ought to be further along by now. Verse 14, but strong meat belongth to them that are of full age. You know, that doesn't mean 40 years old. Full age is not at 18. I mean, people could sit in church for 50 years and never be at full age. Full age can happen shortly after you give your heart to God. If you continue on that attitude where God, alls I want to do the rest of my life is please you. That's maturity. Amen. My meat is to do the will of him that set me. Strong meat belong to them that are full age. They've they they've they've taken their attitude and they've given it to Jesus Christ. Even those who by reason of use have their senses exercised to discern both good and to and evil. And I don't know if we're going to have time to get into everything, but look, there's one thing that's good. That's the word of God. And everything that is not the word of God is bad. It's evil. You know, we have this this concept of thinking that, you know, I understand that the word of God is good and I understand that the devil and that that he's evil and and and murder and and and and stealing and and and and just robbery and all this uh devil worship and and evil worldly music. We know that is evil. But as long as I'm not doing that, I don't have to do that. And in reality, anything that's not the word of God, I don't care if it's way over there or right next to it, it's evil. And that's how important it should be for all of us to want to make sure that we're staying with the word. Amen. Amen. Can you say amen? Can you say amen again? Amen. All right. All right. James chapter 1. James chapter 1. James, did you think we were going to get through the service without reading from your book? James chapter 1, starting with verse 18. Of his own will begat he us with what? The word. We became born again by the word that we should be a kind of first fruits of his creatures, not our own will. Wherefore, so there's like the conclusion. My beloved brethren, let every man be swift to hear, slow to speak, and slow to getting upset. That's right. Every man. every man and that dead also means every woman. That word swift means prompt. Be ready. Be sober. Be vigilant. Wake up. Amen. Every man, let him be prompt when the word of God is being preached. Amen. Amen. Let it be in my life, Lord. Not well, you know, it was a good service. be swift to hear. You know, a lot of times we're swift to be we're swift to just be quiet and do nothing. Swift to not listen. Swift to just whatever. I'm just zoning you out. Uh I'm just zoning you out. I'm in my own world. Yes, sir. We need to be slow to speak about what's being spoken to us. Just say amen. Anything more of that is is probably going to be bad stuff. Slow to speak, slow to wrath. That that means do not murmur. Do not complain about what's being preached. Do not murmur and complain about what you read in the Bible or what brother Brandham says on the tapes. Do not just slow to speak, slow to wrath. Now, here's God speaking to Cain. Just a regular conversation, church. Look, Cain, look, if you do good, everything's going to be okay in your life. But if you choose not and you want to do your own thing, then trouble lies at your door. But you know, God came to church that day and he could tell that something was wrong with Cain by his countenance. Just his countenance. His countenance was not He was not happy. He was not happy because he was not getting what he wanted. He was not being accepted with his will. Everybody wants to be accepted, but we need to be want to be accepted with doing the will of God. Amen. And what happened is when he was not accepted, then he was he got angry real quick. He got wroth. The Bible says and the Bible is telling us here to be slow to speak, slow to wrath. For the wrath of a man workketh not the righteousness of God. How many you ever been upset? Really? I'm talking about the wrath of man. You've been upset, but you you you in the flesh, but you you you were you you did the will of God. Never. No. It just doesn't work the righteousness of God. Now, not going to get into righteous indignation, but you you you certainly don't let the flesh there, right? Verse 21. Wherefore lay apart all filthiness of superfluity of naughtiness. In other words, all you excuses for not doing what you should be doing, lay it aside. Just lay it. It's naughtiness. Lay it aside and receive with meekness the engrafted word which is able to save your souls. But be ye doers of the word and not hearers only, deceiving yourself. You know, most people are quite satisfied when they hear from God. In other words, because they're not used to hearing from God. When they finally hear something from God, they're excited about it. I heard from God. God spoke to me. But they don't respond. They don't respond to what God spoke to them. They're just happy that God spoke to them. But we've got to respond because God does not speak to us and not want us to respond. When God speaks, he wants us to respond. Amen. There's something God wants us to do. God is a productive man. God wants us to grow up. How many has a child? Let me see your hands. Okay. Have you ever had this thought? I never want my child to grow up. All I got to do is be bad for just a few minutes. And the first thing you're thinking is, I wish they would grow up. Well, I'm telling you, when we become when we begin the new birth, when the process begins with repentance and justification, God still wants us to grow up. He doesn't want us to stay in that that stage. He wants us to he wants us to to become sanctified. He wants us to get filled with his spirit. He wants us to operate a a as a mature son and daughter of God. He wants us to be a doer of the word and not a hearer only. And when we become satisfied with just coming to church and hearing the word but not doing it, you know what we're doing? We're taking deceiving pills. We're taking deceiving pills. You ever take a painkiller and you're just like, I'm going to sleep. You ever take a benadryil? Yes. You've taken stuff and your mind just goes a little bit right. Sure. In the world, we drank, we smoked marijuana, we took drugs. When we did that, our mind became altered. Are you with me? Amen. Well, what happens when you come to church and you hear the word of God, but you do not do anything but that? You're taking a deceiving pill. You might as well walk out with more deception than when you came in because brother Brandham says you never come into church the same way you leave. Amen. You may not think about it. You may want not want to deal with it, but you're either getting closer to God or further away. Amen. Thinking about this thought process here when God's speaking to you, if I can just leave here just for a second, go to Philippians 2:12. Wherefore, my beloved brethren, as you have not always obeyed, as you've always obeyed, not in my presence only, but much more in my absence. Work out your own salvation with fear and trembling. What a compliment that would be to obey God's word when nobody's looking. You know what? You know, when you do that, you know what you're doing? You're working out your salvation with fear and trembling. But if you're not doing that, then you need more fear and trembling. Amen. For it is God which workketh in you. Yes. Both to will and to do of his good pleasure. Amen. So, we come to church and God speaks to your heart. Not your head, but your heart. Yes. And he's trying to get in there. You got to open your heart. Say, "Yes, Lord. I'm going to do that, right? I'm going to obey you. I'm going to leave here. I'm going to really put you first in my life. Do this." Verse 14, do what God tells you to do. Do all things without murmurings and disput. Try going one day without murmuring and complaining. And you better hope it's a sunshiny day cuz nobody likes the misery of it always raining and storming and cold and but just go one day without murmur and complaining without just dis justputing. means like come to church and just be excited to hear from God that you may be blameless and harmless the sons of God without rebuke in the midst of a crooked and perverse nation among whom you shine as lights in the world. That's right. Takes a lot to be different, doesn't it? It takes a lot to be different in this world. All right. Going back to James now 1:22. But be ye doers of the word and not hearers only, deceiving your own self. For if any man be a hearer of the word and not a doer, he is like a man beholding his natural face in a glass. For he beholdeth himself and goeth his way and straightway forggetth what manner of man he was. Now I remember when I had got married, I don't know if I had ever shared this. if I did, if you hear the story, please forgive me. But I remember when I got married that I I really had um like a big uh boo boo on my nose and um I don't know if I tried getting rid of it. Were you there, Brother Bruce? You would maybe remember it was pretty big. I'll never ever ever forget this. And so maybe I was like didn't know how to take care of them or whatever and I'm trying to get rid of it and all as I did was make it worse. You ever do that? Try to get rid of one and all of a sudden it's like five times redder and and it looks more terrible and you have this thought. I wish I wouldn't have touched it. Well, that's where I was. But you know what? I left the mirror and I forgot about it. And I completely forgot it because it's my wedding day. And I'm standing in front of Brother Johnson who's marrying us. And brother Johnson looks at me. He says, "Can't you do something with that?" And I literally forgot about it because I left the mirror. And sometimes we come to church, we hear the word of God being preached, we realize we're not what we ought to be and we just forget about it when we leave. God wants us to remember what he speaks to us. Can you imagine going to God's house, having a conversation with him, and then forgetting everything he just said? No. I mean, if we had a we had a chance to sit down with a president or vice president or whatever, somebody that we look up to, we would like pay attention and want to hear, but sometimes I think we just forget that God is the one speaking at church and it's not just a man, but really God is speaking to us. Amen. Amen. But who so lookth into the word of God and continuth therein, he being not a forgetful hearer, but a doer of noticed the work because it takes work. When you respond to the word, it takes work. This man, this man shall be blessed in his deed. Not everybody's going to be blessed, but the man that continues in doing, he's the one whose life is going to be blessed. For if any man among you seem to be religious and he doesn't control what comes out of his mouth, that's right. He's He deceiveth his own heart. His own heart. Not his head, his own heart. This man's religion is vain. Amen. The word of God is God. Amen. Whatever is not the word of God is the devil. That's that's a strong one, but it's the truth. We've heard if you How many's met the devil today somewhere today? One, two, three, four, five. You met the devil? Yeah. Yeah, I heard brother Hanken say if you haven't met the devil somewhere along the course of your day, you need to take another look because maybe you're walking in continuity with him because he's there to battle us. He's there guarding the stairway to heaven as it were to keep us from moving on with Christ to try to get us off. So, we must overcome the devil with faith in the word of God. Now, we're not going to overcome the devil if we don't recognize him. So, it's important to recognize the devil in our heads. Amen. Brother Brandon said in the message, "How can I overcome?" He said, "Overcome means to recognize the devil in every one of his tricks." He said, "Lot of people say there's no devil. It's just a thought in my head." He says, "Don't you believe that?" Right? There's a real devil. Amen. He's just as real as you are or anybody. Yes. So, in other words, the thought that comes into your head is either coming from God or it's coming from the devil. There's a reason the Bible says, "Think on these things." Yes, there's wrong things to think about and they'll bring you down. Right. Keep your mind stayed on the Lord. It'll keep you up. Amen. So even though it's a thought in our head, it's still either of God or of the devil. And we need to recognize more the devil, right, in our minds. Because look, it the devil speaking to brother Ben doesn't bother me. Now, if Brother Ben starts doing what that thought says, and that thought is a real bad thought, that could negatively affect me. But the thoughts that come in to Brother Ben's head do not affect me. Do not do not do not bother me. Do not make me a a a worse Christian. doesn't make me go sin or quit on God. But the thoughts that come into my head, those are the ones I got to watch. Those are the ones we have to watch. So, Brother Ram says it's a real devil and you must recognize him real. Recognize him real. You must know he's a devil. Then the same time that you recognize him and know that he's a devil and that he's against you, then you can overcome. See, you must recognize that God in you is greater and mightier than he is. That the one that's in you has already overcome them. Amen. And by his grace, you are more than a match for him. Amen. There's a real overcoming when you recognize. That's right. So when we hear the word of God and it doesn't become important to us to follow it, we must we must recognize that is the devil speaking to us. God's voice is his word. I mean we want to hear from God, right? It's the Bible. The Bible is the word of God. Amen. And if we learn uh if we learn to be faithful with the word of God, we'll know we'll be faithful when we hear his voice. So we had just um when we hire somebody or somebody comes and works for us, what we're what we look for is we look to see if they can follow instructions. And a lot of times um I will not instruct them what to do. I will give somebody else to instruct them. And if they're faithful following the instructions of the shop, that means more than likely they would be faithful with what I would tell them. But if if they had to hear from me direct but could not hear from me through somebody else, that means they're truly not following me. And so the point that I'm trying to say here is the word of God is the voice of God. And we need to be content with reading that Bible and being assured that this is God and not feeling like I got to hear something personally, right? Because the word of God should be personal to us, right? I mean, it's all beautiful and wonderful when we hear something personal for our lives, but God also wants He'll probably do that a lot more. We'll probably hear from God a lot more if the whole word becomes important to us. All right. John chapter 10:3. Oh my my. Let's Let's just We can't We can't go on. It's it's after nine. So, let's just stand together and and I'm not going to hold you. I'm not going to hold you. And I and I so hard to believe that um so much time has gone away today. It was so so quick. But praise the Lord that we we praise the Lord that we can quit now. Thank you for your patience. How many How many want to follow the voice of God? Amen. And Jesus said, "My sheep hear my voice and they follow me." Right? So where are the sheep hearing the voice? In the heart. Amen. In the heart. All right. Let's just go to the Lord in prayer together. Our heavenly father, we as your sheep, we we stand before you so grateful that you have kept us by your power. The scripture says that we are kept by the power of God unto salvation. We thank you for keeping us. We thank you for the keeping power. Lord, we thank you for speaking to every one of our hearts and placing within us the ability to hear your voice. Amen. We're eternally grateful to you for that. We cannot thank you enough. Through that communication, we're able to express to you a a a heart of of love and and uh worship and and repentance and obedience and all because Lord, you've given us a a receiver to to hear and understand in our hearts. And I pray that you would bless every one of us here as we leave here today. Determine to be listening more in our heart for your voice and to keep ourselves settled in our minds until Lord we can be led in our heart. Please bless each one of us with a closer walk, Lord. As we respond, I pray that you'd bless us as we draw nigh to you. I pray that you'd draw nigh to us. Give us strength to draw closer to you. Give us strength to respond to your word. Give us strength to follow you. For you said, "My sheep know my voice and they follow. They respond. God, help us to respond, to be a doer of what you're speaking to us. Lord, help us to leave here and come into church, come in and out, Lord, with a with a determination to follow after you. We thank you for these things. Thank you, Lord, for for all that you have done for us in our life. And thank you for seeing us through, Lord. We thank you for this word tonight. We worship you.
