################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-22 - 6.22.25 - Our Sonship Authority - Jabez Kameta - Jabez Kameta.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-22
Title:    6.22.25 - Our Sonship Authority - Jabez Kameta
Speaker:  Jabez Kameta
Church:   Send The Light Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 54m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UYBz9Av_cGw
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
I forgot but it's good to see you. God bless. I want to tell a little story uh if I could. Brother Ketta who's ministering for you today and uh I'm not sure if you all know but the brother is from Nigeria is his wife back here. Sister of faith. Amen. I refer to as faith hope and charity. Sister of faith. Anyway, I want to tell you about brother Ketta a little story and I I hope he can't hear me too much. But uh uh as we were driving down here today, the brother's in the back seat and he's got his phone and like a true man of God, he's having a Zoom meeting with his own church which is about six and a half hours ahead, you know, and so he's back there. I wouldn't say he was preaching, but we'll say he was greeting his church. So, I thought that was wonderful that he would uh do that and and that his church of course. So, when I knew that I was going to be bringing brother Ketta and his wife here today, I knew this guy over here was going to ask me to sing, but I couldn't really catch the mind of the Lord for any song that I might sing uh for you. that I I did catch some uh some inspiration of some choruses. So, if you know these choruses, you're more than welcome to to join in and sing with me. And I want to take the job of the song leader for sure. So, but God bless you all and I trust the Lord has been good to you. Lord, my heart is open and won't you come inside and take up all my being and ever to abide [Music] and I swung wide every door. So won't you come inside? Dear Lord, I need you more and more. And Lord, my heart is open. Won't you come inside and take up all my being ever to abide. I've opened all my windows and I've swung wide every door. [Music] So won't you come inside, dear Lord? I need you more and more. Amen. And the more that I surrender, the lighter my load. The more that I release my cares, the more you take control, the more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. Every day I live, Lord, I love you more. The more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord, the more that I release my cares, the more you take control, the more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. And falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. Oh, I'm falling in love with Jesus. And it's the best thing I've ever ever done. Amen. Well, I'm falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. Oh, falling in love with Jesus is the best thing I've ever ever done. M God bless you. Amen. Amen. [Applause] Let's all stand together. Amen. So, we want to remind everyone that we have a missionary. So, you should give a missionary offering, but we're going to pray for the offering this morning. Amen. Um, ask brother Orlando if he'll just pray for the offering. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. In the city where the lamb is the light. Amen. There's a country far beyond the starry sky. There's a city where there never comes a night. If we're faithful, we shall be by and by. Is that city where the lamb is the light. In that city where the lamb is the lie. That fair city where there cometh no night. I have a mansion over there. And when free from toil and care, I am going where the lamb is alive. Here we have our days of sunshine. But we know that the sun that shines upon us now so bright. We'll be changed to clouds and rain until we go to that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where the lamb is the lie. That fair city where there cometh no night. I have a mansion over there. And when free from toil and care, I am going where the lamb is alive. [Applause] There the sun take forever and the day shall be one eternal day without a night. And our tears shall be forever wiped away. In that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where the lamb is alive. That fair city where there cometh no night. I have a mansion over there. And when free from toil and care, I am going where the lamb is alive. Here we have our disappointments all the while and our fondest hopes bitter blind. Though by night we weep, the morning brings a smile. Praise the Lord. In that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where the lamb is the lie. In that city where there cometh no night, I have a mansion over there. And when free from toil and care, I am going where the lamb is alive. In that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where there cometh no night. I have a mansion over there. And when free from toil and care, I am going where the lamb is alive. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. And ask brother John to come. God bless you, Bruce. God bless you. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. Amen. And it is our first time to have a brother Jabz and his wife Faith with us. Amen. God bless you. Amen. To have a representation from Nigeria, it's a wonderful, wonderful. And we've uh heard about our brother um from brother Jeff Snodgrass last year, but we were unable to have them because of his uh schedule was already filled. So this year uh uh we had set it and I had forgot actually to put it in my calendar and then we got a call from our precious brother Gordy to remind us who's that uh he'll be here next week. So oh my I just thankful that the Lord um has arranged today's service to be as it is. And I'll say this, um, we have we've had a little bit of difficulties in the in the back. We were going to try to get a presentation and we're not able to do that. But you know what? We're trusting in the Lord Jesus Christ today. And our brother does have a little bit of a thick accent. What that means is that we got to like twi try twice as hard to listen. Amen. And um and it it just takes one word from the Lord, right? And it just kind of reminded me of uh in the book of Acts where they all heard in their own language what was being spoken. And I I just I believe in the power of God that can go beyond the natural to get us what we need on the inside today. So let's stand together and and just uh believe with all of our heart as the word is coming forth and uh and I believe together we can magnetize the presence of the Lord here. Amen. Let's sing only believe as our brother comes to minister. Amen. Only believe. Only believe all things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. [Music] Only believe. Things are possible. Holy believe, Lord. I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord I believe [Music] the Lord. God bless you my precious brother. Take your liberty. express our love and our gratitude to you, Father. Yes. Want to say thank you for making us to lift our voice with millions of angels all all about their throne. Amen. The innumerable company of angels with the church of the firstborn. Amen. To offer sacrifice of praise to your name. So father I want to say thank you oh God. As our praises goes up, let the blessing come down. Bless us in a special way. Father, hide me beyond the cross. Secondize my lips. Circumcise my heart. Circumcise my mind. Father, let me say things that will endify your body. I pray thee. Father, anoint me, oh God. Let me speak as your oracle and anoint your children. Amen. Father, open their heart for the word. Yes, Lord. And may the spirit of God come down and inspire them, Father, to receive that blessing. Lord, send your angels here. Let them give us a handful for a purpose. Just as you promise us, send down the Holy Spirit. Heal the sick, oh God. Cast out devils. May the quickening power be upon the people and ro deliverance among us. Father just meet every one of us here at the point of our need. We are asking now father bless your servant our precious pastor John. Oh God may you bless him bless his wife his family. Oh Lord the help and the government of the church bless them all. Father, we all make one sound that at the end of the day, we uh have this testimony like disciple on their way going to a manos saying that did not our heart burn within us why yes speak to us along the way grant it heavenly father we ask now for your name's sake and also say thank you for the traveling mercy given to us Lord bringing us down here safely so be with us heavenly Father, in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. And amen. God bless you. Can you turn around and shake somebody next to you turning? God bless you, my brother. God bless you. It's good to see you in church. Uh it's good to see you in church. God bless you. You know, David said, "I was glad when they say unto me, let us go to the house of the Lord." It's always good to be in the house of the Lord. God bless you. May be seated. I want to thank our precious pastor John Martins uh for the privilege given to me to be with you this morning. Amen. Thank you, brother John. Uh be having hearing wonderful testimony about you. Lot of wonderful testimony. Brother uh Jeff Snograss uh wanted me to be here last year but it couldn't work out for me. So, but say this year say Braa, you have to be with Brah Martins. John Martins, he's a very wonderful man of God and I have a very wonderful church. So, I'm glad to be here. God bless you. And um after I finish speaking at brother uh Paul Lventon church uh brother because brother uh Gideon suggested that you are going to Michigan, make sure you be with Lentington. So when I get through it say bro I have somewhere I want you to go to. I said where is that? He said I want you to visit uh pastor John Martin in phenon I said oh my god in a matter of two or three weakness let every word be established. Amen. So thank you very much brother John. God bless you. I really appreciate that. God bless your wife. Bless your family. Thank you so much. And uh I want to bring greetings on behalf of my wife and my wife is here sister of faith and uh uh the church back home um they all send their greetings uh we listen to the service while we when I wake up this morning. So because they have their morning service in the morning so uh I got hooked up and at the end of the service they said please uh greet pastor John and the church in Phon for us. So I bring their greetings to you. Amen. Uh, what can I say about a precious brother God who brought me here this morning, sister God? God, I think you are the one singing this morning. Who was singing? You're the one singing this morning. Oh, mad. I never knew you're a singer. That's wonderful. God bless you, brother. God, God bless you. I appreciate. Thank you for your wonderful song. I really appreciate that. So, can we just stand on our feet and then look at the scripture? I would try to um compose myself and um and try to do it in American way. You know, back home uh we we use 2 hours, 3 hours and so forth like Africans, you know. But when you come to to the US, you have to try to maintain it 1 hour, 1 hour, 15 minutes, that's enough. So, so I trust that God will help me to make use of that time and be a blessing to the people. So, let us look at the scripture. We have a couple of scripture to read. Would like to read a book of um uh first Kings chapter 17 and um Joshua chapter 10 and Matthew chapter 16. Three scripture. First Kings chapter 17, Joshua 10 and Matthew 16, first Kings the 17th chapter, take a verse from there. And Elijah the Tishbite, who was of the inhabitant of Gileian, said unto Ahab, "As the Lord God of Israel liveth, before whom I stand, there shall be no due nor rain these years, but according to my word." Now, he never said according to the word of the Lord. He never said, "Thus says the Lord." If he could have said thus says the Lord, I think that Ahab could have take it serious. But he say according to my own word. Amen. So Joshua chapter 10 verse 12 verse 12. Then spake Joshua in the uh to the Lord in that in the day when the Lord deliver up the Amorite before the children of Israel. And he said in the sight of Israel, son, stand thou still upon Gibon, and thou moon in the valley of Adelon. and the sun stood still, and the moon stayed until the people had avveniled themselves upon their enemies. Is not this written in the book of Jes stood still in the midst of heaven, and hastened not to go down about a whole day. And there was no day like that before it or after it that the Lord hearken unto the voice of a man. Amen. Amen. Not the voice of an angel. Amen. But God listen, hearken unto the voice of a man. Now could that be could could the hour come that the father have to honor the son, honor the words of his children? Amen. Amen. For the Lord fought for Israel. The Matthew 16 verse 19. Matthew 16:E1 19. And I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven. And whatever thou bind shall bind on earth shall be bound in heaven. Amen. and whatsoever thou shalt lose on the earth on earth shall be lose in heaven. Amen. May the Lord add blessing to his word in our heart in Jesus name. May be seated. I want to choose a title this morning on uh our sunship authority. Amen. We are sons and daughters of God. So I want to speak on the authority that we have our sunship authority. Now was speaking about faith for this day in a message uh spiritual food in due season. He said I want you to get build up now in this holy oracle of God. Amen. Right. This message is a holy oracle of God. Amen. Amen. Amen. In the faith said the faith of this hour. Amen. The faith. say it's going to take more faith than ever was in any other age otherwise there will be more faith in this age than Paul age than erranos age than Martin age than Luther's age than wesling age and than the Pentecostal age amen it will take more faith in this age than any other age for this is the rapturing faith amen amen to be taken up amen Amen. So in our define faith in another one the end time he was defining faith. He said what is faith? In paragraph 68 the end time say what is faith? And I said faith is something that is revealed to you. Amen. That is not yet but will be. Amen. Amen. God has revealed to you something. Amen. That is going to be but it's not yet. But you are proclaiming that it shall be just like like Noah that it there shall be rain. There have not been rain before but when Noah caught it by faith that there will be rain and Noah proclaimed it for 120 years and it and it happens. Amen. Amen. So it says so faith is a revelation of the will of God, God's will to you. Say by revelation. Amen. By revelation all the heroes of faith in Hebrews 11 by faith, amen, they obtain a good report. Praise God. For Abraham by faith, Enoch by faith, Gideon by faith, Samson by faith. Amen. All these heroes of faith. Amen. They express faith on the word of God. Hallelujah. And they see it come to pass. And that's what God want us to do. Amen. is to respond to his word, to act on his word, to recognize his word, to believe his word. Amen. So he just finished preaching in the message hear ye him and then he tried to call a prayer line. So he called a prayer line uh to pray for the sick, those with a prayer card. And Agabite after meeting him said Agabite said to me that number seven has already been healed. Amen. while I was preaching. Amen. Without hands be laid upon them. Amen. Amen. Say just while he was preaching. Amen. Prayer card number seven was healed. Hallelujah. Abraham said, "Praise the Lord." That is good. That is the original way. God's original way. Amen. Of doing it. Preach the word. And that is the way God want it done. Hallelujah. For he sent forth his word and his word healed them. Amen. So God will be more happy when as he speak the word to you and you respond to the word and you receive your blessing. Amen. That is God's original way of doing it. Amen. You see that in Acts chapter 10 when Peter was preaching to the people, he was identifying Christ and the people's heart were ready and they were willing to receive the word. And the Bible said while Peter there speak come the Holy Spirit and it fell upon the people and that can happen this morning. Why speak the word you can be healed. You can be delivered. You can be set free. Hallelujah. Praise be to God. Abraham said God sent his word and what did he do? He healed them. That's right. That's good. That's right. Amen. Praise God. So this morning we want to speak on the authority of the word. Amen. Want to look at authority of the word. A sunship authority. The authority of the word. So bra was speaking on uh Jesus on the authority of the word. 1954 this paragraph uh 15. He said now we are going to speak but just for a few moment the authority of God's word. Right. The authority of God's word. He said, "Now every word of God, Amen, is written sworn authority." In other words, Amen. Every word that is spoken is absolutely right. The right of every believer to accept it. Yes. As the infallible truth. Amen. God said it. I believe it. That's settle it. Amen. because it's God's word. Amen. And Abraham said, he said said, "God is ready to bankrupt heaven for any word to fail." Hallelujah. Amen. So if you can take that word, say, "God is ready to bankrupt heaven for the word to ever fail." See, heaven and earth shall pass away, but my word shall not pass away. Amen, says the Lord. It must be fulfilled in his season. It cannot return back to God void. It must accomplish the purpose and prosper in the thing it was meant. That is God's word, the authority of God's word. And that is what we want to stand here this morning. So we have to go back to the word and then go back to the beginning. Amen. Go back to your beginning as son of God. The authority you have. So he was telling us in the message the fundamental foundation for faith. He was speaking here to us that in paragraph 22 he said now God when he made man in the beginning. Amen. He made him a superior to anything on the earth. Amen. He gave him the jurision of everything on earth to control everything. He controls the animal life. He controls the foul life, the fishes of the sea. Amen. He controls the wind. He controls the plant life. He controls everything. Man was a secondary god on the earth. Do you believe that? Amen. He gave him the power to control all things. All element of the earth. Amen. Amen. You see why he say if thou speak to this mountain be move and don't die to your heart. Amen. He give them power over every element of the earth. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. So he was saying them. He said that was Adam. Adam was given this great power but then the power that was given to him to make his choice is what he failed. So Adam fell by the power of choice. And we are standing on that same ground the power of choice. Is God's words cor right or is wrong? Amen. Do we accept his word or do we reject his word? So it's a power of choice. Amen. Do we agree with his word and deny ourself or reject ourself and accept his word? Hallelujah. So Adam could speak to the wind and it obeys him. He could speak to the trees and the trees could obey him. Say come over tree you planted here be planted here. Wrote Adam be planted here and the tree obey him. See he could speak to it. It could obey him. He could speak to the wildlife and it obey him. He could speak to the waters. Amen. over whatever it is and everything obey Adam. Amen. Amen. And even till this day all the names that Adam name all the beast of the earth. Amen. They still obey him. Amen. You can imagine a monkey jump in here and Adam look at the monkey. He said, "Oh, look at you. You must be monkey. Your name is monkey." And the monkey never question. He went out. Amen. He could gorilla comes and say, "Oh, look at you're a gorilla. You can go." And that was all. Amen. Amen. He named the lion. He named the tiger. Amen. And then when he when a creature came before him and the creature looked like him. They look alike. And Adam look at him say look at this thing. And the creature said good morning brother. Adam said good morning. You could talk. Say how are you? Say I'm fine. How is your family? Said we are good doing well. said, "I thought I'm the only one that was that the Lord has made." Said, "Where is this thing coming from?" He said, "Where where do you live?" Said, "I'm living over there." And look at him. I said, "No, you're a serpent. You're a deceiver." And he call him serpent. And he said, "Yes, sir, I'm a serpent." Amen. So everything obey Adam. Amen. Hallelujah. That was the beginning of man. See that now? That was the beginning of man. Amen. That was when God gave him the power. See, power over everything on the earth. Amen. But now through the fall, he lost that power. Then he become unconscious of the fact. Amen. After he has lost his relationship and friendship and fellowship with the father, then he lost that. So he become unconscious. Amen. Of what he really is. And brother said he caught amnesia. spiritual amnesia. Praise the Lord. And amnesia is a loss of identity. And Abraham say if you want to get a man Amen that had amnesia, if you want to restore him back, bring him to familiar places. Amen. Hallelujah. And I thank God we are in familiar places. The message of the hour is a familiar place. Hallelujah. He revealed to us where we came from. That we come from God and we are going back to God. Hallelujah. Praise be to God. So Abraham said, "Amen." And all his great channel became clog up. Amen. And he couldn't get through. Man couldn't get through. Amen. Because his channel, his faith channel has been clunk up. Amen. And God can't build a church where the channel are clunk up like that. He can't build a church on that. That's why when Jesus came in in the coast of Cassera, Philippine in Matthew chapter 16. Amen. And he want to build a church. So and they have great followers going with him. So he he he called his disciples. He said well uh who do men say I this number I am. And uh they begin to give their own suggestion their own ideas. Oh I had some bre some group of believers there. They were saying that you are John the Baptist. Okay. They say okay what what do you have to say? He said I even had some say that you are Jeremiah's. Some say you are uh Elias and others said you are one of the prophets. Wonderful. So you can see that they all have divided opinion of who I am. Amen. Abraham said that why is there division in the church? He said is because of lack of revelation. That is what causes a division. So but if the people can get the revelation of who he is and where the church is in harmony with that revelation, there will be no division at all. They will all say one thing. They have one mind, one faith, one baptism, one Lord, another fish and start. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. So he said, "Now my disciples, you have been walking with me, you eat with me, you sleep with me, and we all rejoice and uh worship together." He said, "Then who do you not say that I not?" Amen. Because now you have now understand that there's confusion out there. They don't know who I am. Then what about you? Amen. What was Jesus trying to do? He was trying to open a channel. Praise God. Amen. Said, "Who do you say I am?" And all of a sudden the channel got open. The clunging pull out. Praise God. And Peter stood up there. He said, "Thou art the Christ, the son of the living God." Hallelujah. And that moved Jesus. Amen. I said Jesus I said Peter. Amen. Now let me tell you once you catch a revelation of who God is then he gives you the revelation of who you are. Amen. And the church must catch this revelation of who God is of who you are and who the devil is. Praise God. Say thou art Peter, thou art Peter rock said upon this system of revelation I will build my church and the gates of hell cannot prevail against it. Hallelujah. So you see the church is built upon revelation. Amen. Upon direct direct inspiration for Peter became a channel of communication. Hallelujah. And by direct inspiration. Amen. What was that? It was St. John 5:e 19. The son do nothing except what the father revealed to him. The father walketh at the to the son walketh ed to see. Amen. The father and the son was in harmony. And brother said this same harmony we exist between amen. Between the church and Christ. Same harmony that Jesus operate in with God. Amen. The father. Amen. The same harmony with Jesus and the bride. Channel of communication. Amen. Amen. So now said now what Adam was in God. He said Christ redeem us back to that. Did you get that? Say what Adam was in God. Christ redeem us back to that. He said now a redeemer to redeem anything is to bring it back to its origin again. Amen. So and Adam never had to be sick. He never had to die. He never had to worry. Amen. He never had to heartache. He never had to fear. He just climbed in the arm of the father God. Amen. And just like a child, everything was his. Praise the Lord. You see why Jesus said, "Ask what you will." Say, "Anything you ask the father in my name, I will do it." Praise God. Say, "Whatever you ask, I will do it." So that your joy may be in full. Amen. Because Jesus doesn't want the church to be warning. Hallelujah. Don't want to see you sad. Don't want to see you being frustrated or depressed. Jesus never want to see you that way. He want to see you happy. God want to see you always happy. Amen. Say ask it shall be given that your joy may be in full. What? Whether it's a spiritual blessing, whether it's a material blessing, whether it is a physical blessing, whatever it is, say you just ask it. I want to see you happy. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. So Adam as a child just like a child everything was his say whatever he asks why he got it. Amen. Everything obey him because he was God's child and the child the God child is an heir to all things and we are heir to all things. We are God's child, God's children and as children of God, we are heir to all things. Yes. Amen. So now when man fell, Abraham said he lost this. Now what he lost in the fall, Christ come as a redeemer. Say, did you ever stop to think he was asking the church? Say, did you ever stop to think what Christ came to redeem us for as a church? Have you ever stopped to think or consider what Christ came to redeem us for? He said he gave us eternal life, everlasting life. Did you agree with that? Amen. And he brought us back to eternal fellowship and relationship to God. Amen. to be sons and daughters again to restore us back to all that Adam lost in the fall. It belong to you and I. So every dentive blessings that is in this Bible belong to you. It belong to me. It belong to us. We are to exercise our faith authority that it is mine. Mine mine mine mine mine. Hallelujah. And you Amen. You got to make footprint. Hallelujah. Possess every ground that you are standing on. Hallelujah. And it belong to you. Praise God. But what the church need is to make footprint. Make advanced steps advanced step. I wanted to have a church. I need a land, but I don't have money. So I said, what do I do? But I have God. Amen. I have God. Amen. So I said, "But I don't have money, but I have God." So I I started telling people, "I want I need a land where we have a church." So somebody told me it's a land they selling. No, it's just a labor in church that tell me that a land that they selling. I said, "Okay, good. Let let us go there." And I went there. I don't have money in my pocket, but when I get to the land, I look at it, it was a choice place. Amen. And I know what God said. Because my heavenly father owns heaven and earth. Say the earth is the Lord, the fullness thereof. I begin to make footprint. I begin to walk around the land. I said, this land is my land. I said, Father God, this land belong to me. I'm taking it over. I take it over. It's my land. Amen. It belong to me. I said, "Lord, nobody will buy this land. I am the one that is having this land." Amen. I've established my footprint and nothing can take it off because you make a promise that wherever the soul of my feet are upon, you gave it to me for an inheritance. And so this land is my inheritance. Praise God. And I went home. I said, "Okay, now let me now make a step of faith now and try to raise some raise some money. I try to make some savings." Amen. Get out some savings. And the land was about 150 60,000 naira. So I was making some savings and uh I just I've been able to raise up about uh 60,000. Amen. I was thanking God that I'm making advance. Amen. I said as far as I'm concerned, nobody will take that land because I have put my footstep there. That's right. Amen. So uh my the brother who told me the place he told him the seller that look uh his pastor wanted the want to buy the land and so forth. So you mean that say yes okay well let him ready that um uh let him come and pay pay but I don't have the money to pay. Amen. I can't pay. So he call on the brother. He said look take me to your pastor because I needed money now. I needed to pay for the land. So they came to my place. When they came to my place and I said, "Oh my god." They said, "Well, you wanted to buy the land." I said, "Yes, I wanted to buy buy the land. I need the land." He said, "Well, okay. I have to pay now." I said, "Well, I'm sorry. You just came now. You can't just take money away like this." Amen. So, you not informed me. You just came to my house. They said, "Well, I should come and pay for the land." I said, "Well," I said, "But um are you not ready to buy the land?" I said, "I'm ready to buy the land." I said, "But what I'm having here with me is just 60,000 naira." He said, "Oh, you have 60,000 right there?" I said, "Yes, I have 60,000. That's what I have here." So, give it to me. [Laughter] So, I gave it to him and he put into the receipt, receeded land for sale, received land to my name. Left, said, "Okay, when are you paying the balance?" I said, "Well, um, meet me in January 25. I I I will give you the balance." said okay we're going to balance up many 100,000 I said yes I will pay you 100,000 January 25 I don't have the money where the money come from I don't know I will come from so I started saving again looking for saving again making every trip that I could save I was able to save uh by December ending I save 40,000 naira so I said but before January January I know God you're going to provide for me amen so by that January uh December ending he knock on my door again I said bro I said hello he came in. They said, "Yeah, you come to collect the the balance." I said, "No, that not what we discuss." We said January 25th and you just came in now. They say, "Yeah, because he had enough of money." I said, "We're fine." I said, "All I have is 40,000." He said, "Give it to me. Write it down. Write it down." So that decide went. Amen. Before January 20 25th, I was given him 20,000 10,000. Before you know it, I clear up the land. Why? It become become my inheritance. And that is where I built the church today. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. I believe that. I believe the act of faith. You step out by faith because you have promises. Hallelujah. You have faith authority. Amen. You have unofficial authority to claim your promise. Amen. Your inheritance by Bible promises. Amen. Just earlier this year, it's okay for me to share testimonies. Amen. Amen. Uh yes, my trustee, he call on me. He said, "Pastor," I said, "What is that?" He said, "Oh," said pastor, look uh there's a situation I'm facing now. I said, "What situation?" He said, "My landlord just called me that he's selling the building, the company that u where his business is. He does uh plumbing material. He sell plumbing materials. Materials for plumbing house. That is what he sell. And that he has been there for many years. He said now the landlord has called him that they are selling the place. Said because uh it's a family property and they want to sell it and then share the money. I said okay. I said well said what then? What happened? He said oh if they sell this property then I have nowhere to go. Right. Then I've lost my business. Amen. said what do I do? I said what do you do? You can't lost your business. I said if they want to sell the property, do you want the property? He said yes. I then you buy it. He said pastor they are saying that I should pay 36 million and I have only 1 million in my account. How do I get that money? I said don't you have God? He said yes. He said but that money is too huge. I said okay fine. I say so what you will do now when you get to your when you get to your stop in the morning after prayer just walk around the building walk around the compound say this is mine Lord you said whatever the s of my feet upon you give to me as an inheritance I'm the new landlord of this place I'm taking this property nobody will buy it is my name on it because if somebody buy it that means my business is closed now I need my business to be alive so I'm taking over this Amen. I said now you begin to claim your ground. Amen. I say every day you claim that ground every day. Make sure you claim that ground. Amen. You are dispossessing every powers there. Praise the praise the Lord. Amen. Look, let me tell you. You are sons and daughters of God. You got to know your authority that you have. Sunship authority. Amen. Praise God. Amen. So they started calling on him to come and pay. H you don't have the money. He said pastor look they not to come and pay. I said what do I do? I said brother I said let me tell you the Bible said the lord ruled in the affairs of men. The hearts of king are in his hands. He controls all humans life. And the bible said that kings shall bear us. And the bible also promise us that which inherit the riches of the gentiles. Amen. That's what it said. Not they inherit our riches which inherit their riches. That's what the bible said. I said now you're going to take Bible promises and act on it now. So I said where my friend brother do you have any friend at all? Amen. That have money. He said yes I have a friend of mine in the US. H but that guy he has a project in hand a very important project. Said so I don't think that guy will do anything. I said well don't waste that time. I said, "Now you pick your phone and call him as a son of God." I said, "Before you call him," I said, "God will go ahead of you." Amen. Because his heart is in the hand of God. Amen. He doesn't control his heart. Amen. The Bible said he hardened Pharaoh's heart. Amen. Praise the Lord. Even before Moses get there, he haden Pharaoh's heart. So, he controls human heart. I said, "You call him." So, he called him that night. It was around uh 9:00. He called him. for and he said that ah what is that he said please it is my business premises they are selling it now said but I want it I need to buy it so okay so how much is that 36 million ah that's a huge amount of money how do I get that how do you get that money he said well that's why I called you asking me how do I get the money but that is why I called you said but I don't that kind amount of money. I don't have that kind of amount of money. My press okay then I have to go to the bank. Now I have to go and pull it from the bank. He said bank the brother said yes. He said what is the interest? The brother said 10%. Say if you don't give me the money then I have to go to the bank. He said don't go to the bank that money is the interest is too high. I said then then you give me the money. Praise the Lord. Amen. So he said well I don't have that kind of money. He switch up the phone about let's say 10 minutes later he called he said h what we have been discussing have you consider what to discuss have you consider it that uh I not going to the bank to go and take loan he said but yes but you say I shouldn't take loan and I said you are the one to give me the money you are refusing then what do I what should I do right so he said ah but you know uh you know I have project in my hand say yes I know you have project in hand then I better take loan. He said don't take loan. Then he switch up the phone again. So the brother he called me. I said brother relax. Said God is working on him. Amen. God is dealing with him now because the heart of kings are in his hands. He control the human heart. Said just calm yourself. Relax. Don't bother yourself. Just calm. I said that land that property belong to you. Amen. So after a while about 10 minutes time he called again. He said, "Yes, bro." Say, "Why you keep disturbing me? You don't You said you can't help me, and yet you're calling my phone, my my line. You're calling my He said, "No." He said, "I call a line because I'm restless." He said, "And my heart is disturbing me. But that I give you the money. I will give you the 36 million so that I can have rest in my heart." Say, "So, say, so but how will you pay me? How will you refund the money? How will you pay it?" He said, "Well, you just uh state the terms of payment, right?" Said, "What can how much can you pay in a month?" But the brother said, "I can I can give you 3 million every month." Said, "But the 3 million is little." I said, "Well," he said, "Well, that's what I can afford to give you 3 million every month." He said, "Okay, fine. I accept it. Let me give you the money. Then you can pay for the land." Praise the Lord. Amen. So about that time, so when they went for the meeting to pay for the land, then there were a lot of biders that came in and begin to bid at higher price. Some say 60 60 million 60 million. So uh the brother said but we have discussed this we have end up at 36 million. Why you say 60 million? He said, "Well, uh, well, because we have agreed for 36 million, uh, what we can do for you now is you have to pay 50 million because others are bidding for 60 million. You have to pay 50 million." The brother called me and said, "Pastor, the matter has changed that the sellers are saying 50 million." I said, "Well, if it's 50 million, buy it." I said, "Because the place worth 80 million. So, if it's 60 million, 50 million, buy it. Take it over." Said, "But how do I make it?" I said the God that provided the first will also provide the second. So you just go take just make footprint. What you do? Pay the 35 million first. 36 million. Pay that first. Said the balance you are going to pay. Don't worry. He said then let me sell my car. I said you are not going to sell any car. You are not selling any car. The car is yours. It's useful to your business. You are not selling any car. I said look the word of God is the creative power of God. Amen. Amen. Amen. The word of God can create. You just take God at his word. Then let God defend his word. Say if God can't defend his word, then God is powerless. Amen. Amen. You are Are you not a believer? You say, "Yes, I'm a believer." Then stand there. Hallelujah. Whatever go stand there, God will bring to pass his word. Hallelujah. So later he called me he said pastor some friends who had that I'm buying this property said well they said to assist me son said well oh I learn that you are buying this property he said yes now you I support you with 2 million take 2 million this said take 3 million son said take 1 million before you know it he has make up the money right now he's the owner of that property amenise hallelujah what you need is God. Amen. Faith is very simple. Amen. Abraham said faith is uh is as simple as this. It's like use it as an a soap with high soap with he said look if I was going to the go for hunting I was going to hunt and then uh before I leave I happen to take a breakfast in the house and I forgot my knife. Right. Amen. My hunting knife. I forgot on the table. So I left for hunting. And uh when I get into the forest, I found that I need to use a knife. So I begin to look for the knife. I couldn't find it. I checked my pocket. I couldn't find the knife. So I started thinking. Then I remember I realized that oh I forgot the knife at home where I was eating. I forgot that knife. Amen. My mind say I forgot the knife. He said what is faith? Now you are going to reject what your mind said. Amen. Though your mind is saying truth that you forget the knife. Amen. But faith is you are going to denounce your mind. You will say I never forget that knife. Amen. You keep repeating I never forget. Repeat it. I never forget that knife. Amen. Look, let me tell you. God will make your body to obey your confession. If your body say you are sick, you say no, I am healed. Amen. I am healed. I am healed. Your body will obey your confession. Hallelujah. Amen. The prophet say look he said he said when a man even tell a lie and he keep on repeating that lie he said after a while the lie will become truth to him. Did you get it? Yes. Amen. What about if a man will tell a lie and the lie will become truth to him? What about if you're telling the truth? Amen. Eh praise the Lord. Right. What about if you're making confession? Amen. That by his stripe I am healed. Amen. I am delivered. Amen. I am set free. Amen. Amen. When you keep on saying that your the cells in your body are obeying it. Amen. He said the Bible said let the poor say that I am rich. Hallelujah. You have no money in your pocket. You say I am rich. Amen. I am rich. I am yeast. Hallelujah. Your body will obey it. Amen. Amen. Because it will come to pass. Amen. So Abraham said he said if you keep on confessing that that no I did not forget this knife. The knife is somewhere we know I came with a knife and your mind said no you you forgot the knife. You make use of the knife at home and you said no no no no I I I know I use the knife but no I not forget it. I came with it. I I came with that knife. He said and you begin to look for the knife. Amen. And your mind is saying that you forget the knife. Just stop disturbing yourself and you say no I not forget the knife. Amen. Now you are going to adapt your mind. You will doubt your thoughts. Amen. Say if you keep on doing that he say after a while he said your faith we go home go to the house say we pick the knife from the table he say we put it in your pocket. Amen. Say you put your hand in the pocket you'll find a knife there. Say yes I said I I I did not forget the knife. Say that is how faith operate. Hallelujah. He call everything contrary. Faith, Paul said, is a substance of things. So far, and evidence of things not seen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. Amen. It work in the realms of the unseen. Amen. Amen. So, Brother was saying here, Amen. He said the thing of it is that since he has restored man back to his place, man in the fall has lost his conscience of what the father put him here on earth to do. That is the problem with the church. Amen. So the great thing I found in the church is fear. The church is always afraid to act on God's word. Amen. So he was speaking in pastor's vision. Abraham said now it say cut every obstacle from the human being. Cut it out. Amen. That they might be connected like in the garden of Eden. Paragraph 23 to 251. 251. He said I was going to I was going to shook you say but I'm going to say it. He said man is omnipotent. Anybody believe that? Amen. He said man is omnipotent. said you don't believe that said but he is a man fully surrendered to God is omnipotent and we see that the Bible demonstrated it in Joshua praise God Joshua was a man in the path of duty praise God and the Amorite have ran him up is in battle with the Amorite and he needed sunlight to fight Amen and the sunlight is a natural element amen Amen. And he had light to fight with. And and the Bible did not know that Joshua now went into fasting and prayer. Like some of us would do, bro, let us fast, church. Let us fast. We need to make a fast. Let let us fast. Let us seek the face of God and fast. Amen. Joshua never did that. Joshua never called for a prayer meeting. Let us have a prayer meeting for God to move. He never did that. But Joshua recognized that he's in direct is in line of duty. He know that he's a son of God. As the son of God is an heir to God's promises. Amen. He looked at the son. Amen. He said, "Son, stand still." He look at the most anger in the valley of Aderon because I'm to defeat the enemy. If the church can take that stand. Hallelujah. Praise God. Even against nature, stand against nature and take his stand against the enemy. Amen. Amen. If church can take that stand, if the man can if the church can only speak what God want to hear is your word. Amen. Say say speak the word only. That's all. Say speak the word only because the Romans recognize that Jesus was a man with authority. Hallelujah. Said what about the church? Amen. Can they recognize that they are men sons of God with authority to speak the word and the word we and and anything that is contrary will obey him. Amen. God answered Joshua. It was not God that said son stand still. It was Joshua that said son stand still and God hearken to the voice of a man. Praise God. And we can see Elijah. Amen. Amen. He did demonstrate it. Elijah, he was tired of all this stuff that was going on in Israel. How Elizabeth, Amen, has converted the entire Israel into B worship. He offers scholarship, Amen. to Jehovah's ministers, Amen. And all the young men from Bible school have taken the message of Jezebel out. And then the entire Israel has been converted until Elijah think that he's the only one left. Amen. Amen. Yes. Praise God. Amen. And he was so tired of the system. He walked before Ahab. He said, "Ahab, I am sick and tired of what you're doing of what is going on now." Hallelujah. He said, "Let me tell you, Ahab, look, there shall be no rain. There shall be no due. Amen. Until I call for it according to my word." Amen. Amen. Right. And Ahab must have thought that maybe he said this his words. life because he said according to my words but if it's your word there's no problem after not god you are just a man like me you can go because if he have said according to the lord word of the lord aab could have check amen could have pinch himself what is going on are you getting me but he said according to my word and just downplay what he said but you know what Elijah took the key he lock up the heavens amen you know that Whatever he bind on earth is bad in heaven. He lock up the heaven and put the key in his pocket. And he went to the brook share it. Praise the Lord. Because they know that what he said the father will honor it. Can you imagine three years no rain and they looking for Elijah? Why were they looking for Elijah? You think they never pray? You think they never see the face of God? They must have been praying and seeking God's face. And God is said, "What is happening?" He said, "We needed rain. We need rain. Why you disturbing me?" I never lock up the heavens. If you need rain, go and look for Elijah. The key is with Elijah. He lock up the heavens. Elijah will open the heavens. Hallelujah. Praise be to God. Because it's a scriptural promise that whatever you bind is bound in heaven. Amen. Whatever you decree shall be established. Praise God. Hallelujah. You can look at Elisha with the widow of Zeraphat. Zeraphat. Amen. Amen. Look, this widow have shown Elisha some kindness. He build him a house. Elijah. Elijah's dead. And they have been taking care of him. And he get him a place. You know, Elijah went in with Ghazi and he saw meal well prepared on the table. And this man must have eaten. After eating, he gets satisfied. Look, let me tell you. When a man is satisfied, he's happy. Amen. Right. And when a man of God is satisfied, then what come out of his mouth is blessing. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Look, there are some things you receive from God without even asking God for it. Just take care of the man of God. Amen. And when he's so satisfied, the pastor is so satisfied, he just come to the church say, "Bro, let me bless you, sister. Let me bless you." Let let me bless you. Amen. I can see many lot of testimonies about that. Praise God. Amen. about a man of God that that his wife went into surgical operation s operation and then it happened that well uh the baby died and also damaged the womb and they removed the womb out so she wasn't having any womb again and uh the pastor he's a she's a pastor's wife said now there's no hope mean that my my my wife can't I have not have a child mean in this marriage I won't have any children he said God why why why happened I believe you you can still do something for me amen so in the pastor's birthday this man of God just bought some things g some things up with his wife bought some good things and then put in the car and drove to the pastor's house and give to the pastor eh as as his greetings and so forth so the pastor look at he said my what's what are all this said bro you did all this he said yes because this is your birthday I feel like getting this getting this so and this man of God he was so satisfied he said bro I don't I don't know what to do but just need and let me bless and your wife amen I want to bless you and land upon said Lord just give them their heart desire amen they make me happy make them happy also too see and they left Yes. Two months later, the wife was feeling something wrong with her. She was getting sick and went for medication. Look like she's just getting sicker. Then 4 months later, 4 months, she keep on complaining that something is moving in my stomach. I don't know what is moving on me. What is going on? Amen. The husband became afraid again. Hey, you want to go for another surgical operation again? You don't have any womb. What happened to you now? said please don't say something's moving your tummy I don't know what is happening then five months the stomach started projecting oh the husband say oh god is this cancer or what is it right what is this problem so out of fear so let us go to the hospital please I don't want to die of die of this cancer right they went to the hospital and it happened that they met the doctor that do the surgical operation so I said well go for let us do some test and they did a test pregnancy test and the result came pregnancy your wife is pregnant he said no it can't be how can she might be pregnant woman that I took her away womb she's pregnant it cannot happen now send them out you go and do scan do a scan and they went for scanning and when they scan bring the scan report God has created a sack a ball in the womb and a baby boy was just moving around in that sack unattached to his body. The placenta was attached to that ball, that sack and thing was just moving inside. The doctor was thunder said, "What is it?" They have not seen it before. This is what the word of God can do. He created a sack, a womb of his own and get pregnant to take place right in there. Hallelujah. Let me tell you, the baby is born today. It's a miracle baby. Hallelujah. Why man is omnipotent? Amen. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. It's a promise, brother. The word of God does not fail. The word of God is indelible. Amen. Hallelujah. The word of God can't fail. Hallelujah. Amen. You can see Elijah right in there after eating. He said, "Gazed, I think this woman have a need. Please send for her. Go let let her come over. As she came over, I said, "Sister, do you do you want me to speak to the king or to the captain? What exactly do you need?" Amen. And they said, "Well, oh, man of God, I don't need I don't need anything. I'm okay." And she left. But Elisha was not satisfied. said, "How can this lady be doing all this wonderful thing for me, making me feel so good like this? I need to do something for this woman." And Jesus said, "If you go into any home and the home receive you, say whatever he said it is and then bless the home." Hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. He gave you power to bless. Amen. He gave you power to speak and he will do it. Amen. So Elijah said please girl said what is going on? Do you think that this woman have need? Guy said well look uh we have never had a baby cry in this house once. There have never been a child cry or um play around in this house. Elijah said oh my god that is true. Please call the woman back. Call her bring her back. And she came and stand at the door and Elijah looked at him. Elisha look at him and look at her. He said look woman said by this time next year you are going to embrace a baby boy. Amen. And the woman said oh man of God don't tell me don't tell lie to me. Why? Because Elisha never said to say the Lord. Amen. Are you getting me church? He never said to see the Lord. Say by this time next year you will embrace a baby. Hallelujah. and he left and God give her a baby boy. Do you see that church? Let me tell you in Kenya the first time I went to Ken. I preached in Black Guar. After preaching I went down to the I went I went out to the where the car park car was they parked their car. So while I was while standing there a brother came to me with his wife he said well I am broango. I said okay well how are you? They said fine this is my wife sister matrix. I said great. He said please I would like you to visit me before you leave. I said you mean that? I say yes. I said okay fine but one thing you will do you have to tell your pastor first. If your pastor approved that then I will come. Yes only on that condition. Amen. Amen. So when I was about to leave the eve of my living Kenya the pastor called Mr. Braameda. I would like us to visit the brother. I said fine let us go. So we went to the brass house. It was brother James and Yago. We get there. The brother prepare all manner of meal on the table like a feast. Wow. So we ate. After eating I enjoyed myself pretty good at night. Pretty good. So we are about to leave. I said okay let us have a word of prayer. So and uh Brianago stood up. I said bango do you have do you don't you have any need in this you don't do have any need before you spend so much and take care of us like this I think you should have a need what is that he said bro kamea actually we have married for a couple of years now but there's no baby I said why said the doctor said that it is impossible for my wife to have a child that they can never be pregnant so that is the problem we have I said Oh god inspired that scripture to me about Elijah. Amen. I said God this man has make me happy. I've enjoyed myself. I said young the only thing I have to tell you is that by this time next year before I come to when I come to Kenya you'll be carrying your baby. I just said I never have a dream. It wasn't a vision. Amen. But it was the scripture inspired to my heart. Amen. Amen. Say if God could do that for Elisha, he can do that for me also too. If Elijah is happy and he bless that woman, I am happy. I will bless this woman. Amen. Hallelujah. So I spoke it and I left. So the preceding year I came back to Kenya. As I enter into Kenya, I pick up my phone to call. So I call I just remember his name. I said, "Let me call this this this brother because I said what I said before." So I I have not heard from him since. So I called him. I said, "Hello, Briango." He took the phone say, "Is that Brahamed?" I said, "Yes." He said, "Brada, we on our way to the hospital." I said, "What's what is going on?" He said, "My wife sat." I said, "What happened?" He said, "She's in labor." Amen. Say pray. She's in labor. He said, "The doctor said you don't think this woman can put to bed." I said, "Briago, don't listen to the doctor. The God that put the baby there, the God will bring the baby out." Amen. Hallelujah. And she deliver a baby girl. Amen. And was they called the name Joel. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. So I was there in 219. 220 was um the co I was there in 219 after preaching because I go to Kenya, Uganda, Rwanda, all these East African countries to preach in convention from meeting to meetings. So I was there in 219. So uh after the meeting I preach in uh three conventions. So on my living uh the pastor there said that uh you'll be passing the night with prayer oango. Io said oh my god they're taking me out of my fivestar hotel taking me to go and I said okay well the host have said that I should go and visit onyango. So I I went there to visit them. So I slept that that that evening when I get they spread the table again with all manner of meat for me. I said wonderful this is great. So I enjoyed myself and then I went to bed. So around 2 because my flight is around 4:00. So I'm supposed to be at the airport before less and maximum uh 2:30. So about leaving that morning uh we climbed a step down because the there is apartment at the top. So I come come down with him was carrying my bags. So I came down with him and uh he stopped he said praa he said my wife want to see you. I said your wife I said what? Uhhuh. I said where is she? He said I should look up said she's up there s matrix is waiting for me. I said oh my god. So I have to climb back. I bet s matrix. I matrix where's mother? He said oh the same odd problem. I said what problem is that? say you know I told you that the doctor my body system the doctor said I can't have a child again I said yes I said but you have a child have a child he said yes he said but the issue is that is my daughter Joel the one that God gave to me he said she's saying that I should go and bring a baby girl for her and I told her sister Joel uh baby I'm not the one that bring this child Right. God gave me this side. So uh do you do you know how you came? So I shared a testimony to her to the baby and the baby Jo said okay then you go and call Brachameda. Let him bring my baby sister for me. Amen. I said why do you call brada's name? Isabelle what will I tell her? Because I'm trying to tell her that that is God is God. that that brought her and so forth. I said then I have to tell her the testimony how I how you came. So then you go and tell brother. I said oh my god. I look at her said brother sister you let me tell you you know a God want you to exercise a childlike faith. Amen. Just a faith like a child. Let me tell you that even if a worse hypocrite pray for that child, God will honor our faith. Amen. You understand that church? Because God without faith is impossible to please God. Amen. Uh well, what I have to say is that the next time I will come to Kenya, uh Jo, we have a baby sister. Let me go. So I came down. I never did pray. Amen. I went I said just you you believe say yes we have a baby sister. Then I left. So 2020 was uh covid. So I couldn't go to Kenya. Amen. Then 2021 uh Easter I was in Liberia. I just finished preaching the meetings in Liberia 21. So I relax in the pastor's house. Then I receive uh a message. The message look at the message. It was a photograph. I saw baby Joel carrying a baby. Gary carrying a baby newborn baby. So and the word there say baby Joel baby sister has arrived. I said how how I said a sister matrix sister baby. He said no not not a baby. I said what? He said it is baby sister dwell baby sister she asked for God has brought her now. Amen. Praise God. Look heaven and earth shall pass away. The word of God shall not pass away. Amen. Look man is omnilip potent. When you put God's word in your mouth and speak it. Amen. God is bound to obey that word. Hallelujah. Because God keep his word. He obey his word. And as I standing here, Sister Matx is having three baby girls now. Three against what the doctors are having baby girls. I have the photograph. I have the photographs in my in my phone. Amen. What God can do. Hallelujah. Amen. Look the ominous of man. I was in a bra Oscar's church in Lewisville, Kentucky. And in the e that was on Saturday night uh with my host, we're discussing and we're testifying about or testifying about God's wonder, God works and his power and his blessings that uh with this message that God has given to us. So the the minister told me say brada brother then says brada he said you ministers you always talk preach and preach and preach nothing happen I have not seen anything happen I said w bro things are going on get into mission feed amen you are going to comfort three devils out there you going to see things happen that right there you say see God the faith need an atmosphere to operate Amen. The church got to create the atmosphere and then faith he begin to create things to happen among the people. Amen. So I telling him said no bra no there's nothing not nothing happened nothing but like that I said because he had not seen that in the message. I said well bro you will see it. So I was in Oscar on Sunday. He took me to Oscar church on Sunday to preach like Abra God brought me here. So uh I preach there and I preach on the power of faith. So I tell the church I'm not preaching on the power of God. Amen. I said there's a power of God. I said and there's power of Satan. I said but we're talking about the power of faith. Amen. So I narrate the quote on bra when he he was speaking to that chandelier when he told that sister you know the quote there about brother sister that uh was dying and so forth and I tried to preach faith to the sister and the sister was still arguing and so forth said well look he said and she claimed she has faith but say she doesn't have faith and I say now look at the shalia said look can you say shalia and the sister say yes say now say can your can you be able to make the chala to move around and move And the sister said, "No, no, nobody can do that." But said, "Yes, I can." He said, "Then then you then you do it. If you have the faith to do that." So now look at the chandelier and move his head and the chandelier move and move his head and move his head and the teeth begin to move turn around and still his head and the chandela stood and the ladies screamed and said, "Oh, you have bewitched it." Say you bewitched that, right? Abraham said no not bewish that is it then what happened is it god that make the shalia to move around said no is it is it Satan said no I pray you who made it to move said I make it to move he said but you are far away from it how do you move it he said my faith move that hallelujah said that is the power of faith hallelujah and brother said even magician use it now if magicians will use faith what about the church of God. Amen. What about the church of God? Amen. He said by faith by faith and without faith it's impossible to please God. All the armors of the Christian armor is based on faith. Amen. Hallelujah. Say if the church don't have faith for divine healing, how will they have rapturing faith to be changed in a moment? Talk about that. Amen. Say but the power of God data that it won't happen. But let me tell you it will happen. All things are possible to them that believe. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. Amen. So I said let us we are going to use the power of faith this afternoon. So when I finished the message and I call for the prayer line and the people came to the line to be prayed for. So I was praying for the people. I noticed a sister. She knelt down praying. After a while, she stood up and she went back to her seat and sat down. I was still praying for them coming towards her. The sister let stood up from the seat and they came to the altar and they let down again. I get to her and I prayed for her. So after I finished praying, I left went to the office. So the brother ran to my office, the one that we argued the previous night, Saturday night. So the brother came to the office. He said, "Pastor." I said, "What's that?" He said, "Come over. Come for come and hear a testimony. Come over. Come over. I said, "Okay, what is going on?" He said, "Brada, I have had but today I can see." I said, "See what?" He said, "Just come over." I went out and answered the other. And this sister was giving testimony. The the trusty daughter. Amen. She was standing there giving her testimony that she has been on chemop therapy. chemotherapy and that she has a cancer a lump on the breast cancer on the breast so they have been they have been taking chemons but the body is not responding so that morning he he he don't want to come to church but the father been trusting the church said no you have to come to church I have to persuade her to come to church right so she came to church amen amen in obeying the father said a word what so she sat down he said when that preacher preached he said so I said well somebody spoke to my had. He said, "But if Kino Kim cannot do it, but God can do it." To come to the altar, God can do that. Yes. So she came to the altar. She knelled down praying. While she was praying, say something spoke to her heart, said, "What are you doing here?" Yeah, you're just wasting your time here. Do you know what we're talking about? We're talking about cancer. And you just need think that what what what would you what what do you think you get here? Said stand up and go to your seat. So she stood up and went back to her seat and sat down. While she was sitting down, the voice came back to her again and said, "What are you doing here sitting down? You should go and kneel down there. Don't sit down here. Do you believe God can do it?" Say, "Yes, I believe God can do." And then you go and go and there she stood from her seat. I came to kne there. That's that's when I saw her moving back and front. Amen. Because I was wondering what what is this lady doing? Is he acting drama? Just going up and down. So she sat down. So she knelt down there. She said after the word of prayer when the prayer was going on after praying for she felt something just a she just come over her. She was wondering what's going on. He said Sunday said touch your breast. She lay on the breast. Normally she'll feel the lump. He land the breast. He couldn't feel any lump. I said what's going on? She stood up and ran to the washroom and check herself. The lump has disappeared. Praise the Lord. Amen. God have took that cancer away. Praise God. She She call She call her friend to examine it. No long again. She called her that to examine it. No long God took that cancer. Let me tell you is Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today and forever. The same God is here. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. Amen. Talk about an omnipotence of God. Verse said man is omnipotent. Do you believe that? Say but his a man fully surrendered to God is omnipotent. Hallelujah. Amen. Say did not he said in Mark 11:22 say whatever things you say don't doubt in your heart it will come to pass. Amen. You can have whatever you said. How many believe the Bible is right? Amen. Praise God. A sister called me Sidan. She called me one day. I was u at home. I said, "Sid, what's going on?" He said, "Pastor, I'm in trouble." I said, "What trouble are you?" He said, "Oh, I've just been diagnosed of cancer." Said, "Cancer of what?" He said, "It's cancer of the breast." He said, "I noticed a lump was growing on my breast, but I don't know what it is. I I keep washing it. It just keep just growing like that. I don't know what is going on. So I decided to go to the hospital today. Unshak the the the doctor suspected cancer that I have to go on operation. Said but pastor I don't have money. There's no money for this operation. I said but you don't have money. But did you have Jesus? Amen. Do you have Jesus? Amen. She said this but Jesus doesn't charge you. It's free. It's without money without price. Amen. Amen. and you will not pay him anything. He he will do the operation without you paying anything. Don't you believe Jesus Jesus can do that? Amen. And he says I believe. I said okay fine if you believe that he can do that let us pray. I said Lord please I read in the message Brown spoke of his wife. He said before the doctor hand will touch my wife let that tumor be gone. And I believe what he said and I'm a believer of his message. And he said that uh he that receive a prophet in the name of a prophet shall receive a prophet reward. Amen. I said and I'm I'm I'm a son of God. I'm the minister of this gospel. I believe your word and the prophet is my friend. Amen. I will receive his reward. Amen. Yes. Amen. I say sister there. Don't worry. Go uh and see the doctor. Amen. God will take care of that for you. I said, "Do you believe that?" She said, "Yes." So, on the day they gave her an appointment to come and take her uh result of the test, so she called on me. She was scared of going to the hospital. They said, "Pastor, I said, "Go to the hospital." I said, "Yes." I said, "I need an evidence. Go to the hospital." "You have to go to the hospital." right? Said the lump is there. I said, "Don't worry about that. I need an evidence. You go to the hospital." So, she went to the hospital around 8:00 a.m. So, she sat with the other patient. They were just sitting down and uh the the nurse was calling from patient to patient, from patient to patient until 4:00 p.m. She was the only one left sitting down. So, uh she had to meet the nurse. A nurse, you have not invited me in. And I've been waiting there. said, "Look at it's already 400 p.m. I'm the only one left. What is the matter?" Now I said, "Oh, I have not been seen." She said, "Yes, you have not been seen. It's okay." And the nurse went in to meet the doctor. I said, "Doctor," he said, "There's a lady out there that you have not uh attend to yet." And the doctor said, "I have attended to everyone in this list." Say, "All the car that was brought to me, I have attended to them all. There's no nobody here not attended to." And the nurse went out. He said, "Mrs. Sed the doctor said I has attended to you." So you have to leave. She said to when? She never attended to me. Nobody attend to me. So I'm not going anywhere. Nobody attend to me yet. The nurse went in again say ah she said you are not attending to her. I not look at the table and said look I have given her the result. I have checked her and I've give appointment and this is look at it there's nothing here look at the card I've attended to her and I've even give her the the test result so and uh the lady went out to meet the sister I said sister said uh uh then the doctor said give me the card the sister said no there's no card with me here I have no result here with me so he went back to the doctor said okay you invite her let her come in so she went in to see the Don't look at her. Lovely there. I have examined you. I have checked on you and I've given you your car your your result. Why you What are you still doing here? I long ago 5 hours ago I attended to you. Why are you doing here? I said not me. You did not attend to me. I have been sitting out there since morning. You have not attend to me. I was surprised. Okay. Now you lie down on the on their bed. What they call hospital bed. You lie down. Let me examine you. So the doctor have to examine her. I said take off your bra. I take off her bra. Doctor said I can't find the lump. Where is it? Look this way. The lump is gone. The cancer disappeared. Praise the Lord. Within from the uh waiting room down to the doctor's office, God took the thing off of her. Amen. Praise the Lord. The doctor was said, "But I examined you and I saw the cancer. I saw it and I gave you the result that you will go for an operation, surgical operation." He said, "Then what happened?" Because I gave you the paper. The sister said, "No, you never, you never examine me. Now you give me a paper." Amen. Praise the Lord. Said maybe he said, "Look alike your examin me." Amen. He said, "But I exam, I've gave you the result." Amen. And sister called me said pastor he said something is going on here. I said what is that? He said that she don't know somebody came in as herself right to the pastor's office and collected the test result and she took it away. I said and the cancer have disappeared the love disappear also too. I said let me tell you you have a theophony. Each of you have a theopan. You have a representation by predestination. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. You forget what happened in the house of Roda when Peter went there. Amen. Rod said that it's Peter. And the church said, "No, not Peter." He said, "You is his spirit. Maybe he's his angel." Right? Amen. You see his angel. Amen. Said I can see Peter. They send his angel. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Why? What happened? God sent down the the down right into that doctor office. Amen. Hallelujah. And took the result out because I am the Lord that healed all thy diseases. Take away the result and took away the cancer out. Amen. Amen. Because he's a believer. Amen. And you are a believer today. Amen. Oh, praise God. Say, ask what? Jesus said, "Whatever you ask the father in my name, I will do it." Amen. Oh, praise God. So keep on saying he said what happened when two omnipotent meet. When God and man come together praise God. Yes. He said what happen when God and man come together two omnipotent say something got to shake. When a potent God and man meet the miracle t got to take place. Hallelujah. Amen. Say whatever you say with that creative power of importance of God knowing that he promised it. Hallelujah. And he said it in his word, it create a power that goes at yonder and bring things to pass. Hallelujah. Things that are not, he make it come to pass. See, he make them though as though they were here. Amen. Hey, that's omnipotent power of God. because two omnipotence has met. Amen. There he stand. Isn't that wonderful? Say, isn't that wonderful? Praise God. So, you know, many of times we always want to believe that, oh God, you know, I wish I'm the angel could come. I wish the angel came down. You know, praise the Lord. Amen. But which is higher? The angel coming down or you that believe? Amen. Abraham said that in a message re Jesus Christ I was soon finished. He said now is an angel a higher order than a man or a lower order? He said all right yes sir. He said which is the greatest a son of God or an angel? Say a son of God. Say which will God hear the best? an angel standing before him pleading for something or one of you all here pleading for something. Amen. Say one of you here pleading for something. Hallelujah. Cuz you are sons and daughters of God. They are servants of God. See they are servant as are servants and you are sons and daughters. See what authority you have. Amen. Amen. We are just afraid of using it. Right. Praise the Lord. We afraid of using it. But you see, we got to use the power of God. I have seen God act. I see God walk in the field. A I've seen him act in miracles, signs, and wonders. Confirm the word. This message is right. Amen. The message reveal everything to us. Hallelujah. a revient the fullness of God, the fullness of the word has been restored to the church and it come with the fullness of the power of God. That's right. Hallelujah. Amen. But the church is too much of a slow down condition. Praise God. They are refused. They afraid to take God at his word and act on his word. Praise God. It make the It make it make Satan to make mockery of the church. Hallelujah. Yet the power of God is laying dormat in the church. Hallelujah. Amen. And we are afraid when this message restore all things to the bride. All things to the bride. Amen. I finished preaching in in uh in uh uh Liberia Squ in a convention. Amen. And there work that crushes drop their crush on walk in that meetings. Amen. Cuz I was just preaching like that. It happened in Wakadoo also too. Amen. Gibbat conversion. When I was preaching like that, I speak on Jonah and I said all of you that are in the way belly. I said Jonah the well vomited Jonah out. Don't don't he do that? Amen. I said now if this bomit out of his mouth and Junah came on dry clothes to preach the gospel. I said let me tell you whatever circumstance you are in now right now. Amen. I said now God has opened that well belly mouth that that will mouth now you going to come out of that. Amen. Come out of your circumstance. Amen. Amen. And a sister on my right hand side who came to the convention with with crushes can't walk. Amen. Say something inspired to her heart. Say why did you drop this crush and come out of your condition? And as he's inspired to actually drop the crushes like that as he begin to walk while she was walking ministers on the platform they rush out. Amen. I want to want to go and hold her. I said leave this leave her alone. I said if God could make her to walk from back down here God will make her to walk all the way. So leave her alone. Praise God. Amen. Amen. And the pastor was testifying to my wife in Lagos went to a wedding. He said the sister is still working till now. telling my wife that. Amen. So, so you know when I preached there and a sister who was having a who was on a on a a crushes having a stroke on crushes and then as I speak to her I said now Abraham said when the anointing strike you ask what he will. Amen. I said because his presence is there his omnipotence is there. Now you got to believe his word. take him at this world. Amen. And this lady, Amen. As anointed strike and people were praying, she just dropped her crushes and begin to walk. Right? And when the people saw her begin to work, everybody bust into prayer. Let me tell you these things when it happens, it it lead to spontaneous miracles. Amen. From one to the other, people begin to muster faith and begin to claim their blessing. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. So I was in the office after the meeting I was in the office and the sister came with his pastor. They came to meet me in the office. So we sat down and uh the the pastor said that this sister want to see you. I said what is that? He said he said I have a problem. I said what is that? He said my it's my edest son. I said what happened to him? He said my elder son I raised him up in a message and it's a man now he said my son has vaccinated not just vaccinated to the world he say went into h witchcraft practice and h she now gain a title of the sheep priest and uh and she he's not a zon because a zon means the sheep priest amen I said you mean that say yes he said he doesn't want to hear ain't about God. You don't talk about God before him. So I don't know what to do. This is a sh I brought up in the message and now look at what he is now. I said brother I said sister there was a time that God told Moses when Moses was crying. He said why cry speak? Said what is in your hand? Moses said just a a rod a staff said straight forth your rod to that river. Amen. I said but do you have this? Do you have anything in your hand right now? that belong to that boy. He said, "Yes, I have a buser and I have a t-shirt." I said, "Okay, fine. You go bring it." And he brought it bus and a t-shirt to drop it on the on the pastor's table. And I said, "Lord, you heard what the sister said. She said she brought this shite up in the fear of the Lord." And Abraham said, "The child may depart from St. John 3:16." said, "But St. John 3:16 can never depart from the child." I said, "Lord, the enemy has illegally take this child. Please restore this side back to the mother. The mother heart is bleeding for this child." I said, "Now Lord, please anoint this dress like you did anoint apron from the body of St. Paul. Anoint this dress that when this boy if he ever put on this dress, take that demon from that side." Amen. After we prayed, he gave it to the sister and the sister went with it. Amen. So he dropped the dress on the bed, the boy's room. In the boy's room, on the bed in the boy's room, this man's room. So when he came back from work and uh he found the dress on his bed, he had to call the mother said, "Mom, mom." The mother came said, "What's the matter?" He said, "I've been looking for this dress. I've been looking for this dress. I I've searched everywhere. I can't find this dress. Who put this dress here? The mom said, you've been looking for the dress. He said, "Yes, if you're looking for the dress and you found a dress, then you take it. Why you asking me you have found a dress? Then take it." Yeah. And the mom walked away. So he took his bath and uh take up the dress and he put on the dress that evening. So the sister was testifying. He said that around 2:00 a.m. in in the morning that they started hearing voice coming out of the boys room and he stood up said what is going on? He was hearing weeping crying like that. So he went there and then knocked the door and opened the door. There he found the son lying with knees on the ground and his hand on the bed. He was the boy was just weeping and crying saying, "Oh God, why do you what? What? Why do you lead me like this way? What has happened to me? How do I get myself into this? We're just weeping and crying. So he look he said what is going on son? And the boy is up there say mama. He said I don't know what what what has gone over me. He said I don't know what has gone over me. I don't know what what happened to me. I don't know how I get myself into this witchcrafty art and so forth. All this demonic. I don't know how I get myself into that. Mama, I want to go back to church. Amen. Please take me back to church. Amen. The boy is serving God to today. Amen. The man is serving God now. Why? I will restore say the Lord. Amen. My hands are not shutting that I cannot save. Amen. And I'm telling you now, a right now that if you have a son or daughter, husband, God will bring them back. The devil can't take them. Hallelujah. He can't take your wife. He can't take your husband. He can't take your son. He can't take your daughter. They are your inheritance. They are your property. If thou can only believe, I will restore, says the Lord. Amen. Say, I will search my sheep and I will find it. Amen. I will find it. Praise God. Abraham say, "Oh, what authority you have." Say, "But we are afraid to use it." Amen. So he still speaking the last quote here 127 question answer. He said, "What is it?" say an angel is a servant. Amen. But we are sons and daughters. Now which of the which is the most thought of your servant or your son or daughter? He asks. He said, "Oh my, a prayer of a saint will go a million times higher than an angel because we are sons of God." Hallelujah. But sometime we come to church and we think that God don't answer prayers. Right. Amen. Right. And say for you to come to church with a need in your heart and you go home back the same say you have insulted God. Amen. You have no right to leave the church this morning with a need. You come with a need and go back with a need. You have no right to do that. Praise God. Amen. Because all Bible promises are laid before you now. Amen. And for you to leave without that need being answered, you have just said that the hand of God is too shortened. that God can't redeem that God can't answer prayer. You are a liar. You you can't make God a liar because his hand are mighty. He that keepeth Israel shall never slumber nor sleep. Hallelujah. He shall preserve thy soul. It shall preserve that going forth and they coming back. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. For all seven compound redemptive name of Jehovah is in Christ. And he's here to meet the church need. Amen. Amen. So don't insult him by going home with your need. Even right this day, right at this moment, don't insult him. Amen. I don't care whatever it is. Hallelujah. Is there anything too hard for the Lord to do? Is there anything too hard for the Lord to do? Praise God. God, we can't. Somebody we think that God don't answer prayer. Can't he can't answer our prayer. What make you think that God God answers prayer? Praise God. If God can answer a demon prayer, is it your prayer that God God can answer? He crossed the lake and he went to Gada. And when he get to gather, oh, I love that brother. He tried a bit. Praise God. Because he was possessed. And the Bible said no man could tame him, right? He break offs, rip his clothes. Nobody could tame that devil. Amen. But when he saw Jesus, amen, he made an advance. But sometimes some of us are afraid to make an advance. You can't come to prayer. You can't come to the altar to pray. You afraid to make an advance. And yet he don't even have the number of demon that brother have. But the made an advance to come to see Jesus. Jesus not go to meet him at the tomb. But he came out of the tomb. Amen. Against his will. He make advance to meet Jesus there. Hallelujah. because he know that today is his day that he can't go home the same. He can't leave the church the same. There's something going to happen to him. And the brother came before Jesus, knelt down before Jesus. And Jesus said, look at the demon that possessed the brother and said, "Who are you?" He said, "My name is Le." What is your name? My name is Leon. Said because we are many. We are very, very many. Amen. So your man say yes. Say my name is Legion. He said but have you come to destroy me before my time? You know that. Amen. God has a distorted power. Amen. And the devil will be destroyed. Be cast in lake of fire. Say but have you come to destroy me before my time? Amen. And the devil put a prayer request. Amen. He wrote a prayer request to Jesus. He said Lord said do you see that swine there? It's a man that had an investment there. Say, but the man doesn't pay tithe. Amen. He eat he always eat his tithe. And you said we shall send the devil for name sake. Praise the Lord. He has an investment. He skip this wine. Amen. He said, "Please, I pray you let me go to that one. Let me let me go there." Hallelujah. And destroy that business. Amen. Amen. Yes. Now Jesus knew that he was going to destroy the man investment. Don't he know that? Don't Jesus know that that the man has that that was the man's investment. That was a man's business. And Jesus knew that. And this demon were praying Jesus that please let us go there to the swine. Did Jesus answer the demon prayers? Yes. So did he did Jesus answer the demon prayer? Did he answer legion's prayer? The legion went there. Now if Jesus could answer a demon prayers that is mischievous. What about you sons and daughters of God? Hallelujah. What about you sons and daughters of God? Hallelujah. Is here to answer your prayer right now. The anointing is here to answer your prayer. Amen. Say ask what you will. I will do it. How many believe God? Stand on your feet. Praise God. I don't care what your needs are. This is sunship authority. If Jesus could answer a demon prayer, what about your prayer? I don't know whatever you need here. Can you just raise up your hands and then pour your heart before the Lord? Pour your heart before the Lord. I don't care whatever you need here. Whatever be your challenge, it could be material blessings. It could be spiritual blessing. It could be financial blessing. Whatever it is, whatever pay or challenge, but you don't have to go home back the same way you came, you have no right to go home back the same way you came. You see, because it's God that answers prayer and his goodness is here for you. His mercy endureth forever. If you can only believe that God, I come to church and I'm not going to leave you the same. I believe that Lord if you can only just give me a special touch now I know that I have been made whole I know that I don't care maybe it's even employment you need a job amen things are economically tight on you but you believe God that owns the heaven and earth and you live here look I can share you a lot of testimony of the things that God have done lot of testimony but if you can only believe if you can ask what you will God will give it to you in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. That your desire, that request, I don't care. Maybe it's a child of yours. Maybe it's a daughter of yours. Amen. Whatever it is, there's nothing too hard for God to do. Amen. There's nothing to see. Look, with with you, all things are possible. That is what the Bible said. All things are possible to them that believe. With God, all things are possible. And all things are also possible to them that believe. If you can only believe, God is here to do it for you right now. as a B. Can you play it? Play the song with me. The great physician is here. Great physician is here. The sympathizing Jesus. I want to pray and I want us to pray. If you have a need here and you want to be prayed for, you just walk to the altar. Let us offer a word of prayer. Believe the Lord will do it for you. His presence is here. His anointing is here. Pastor John, come over. Only believe is a God that answers prayer. Is Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever? You have to trust him. Your lead is what is your leader? The Bible say he can do all things. Yes. Amen. There's nothing too hard for the Lord to do. Dear Lord Jesus, here we come right now. Jesus Christ in the name of Jesus Father in the name of Jesus Christ.
