################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-12 - 9.10.25 - Draw Your Water - John Martin - John Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-12
Title:    9.10.25 - Draw Your Water - John Martin
Speaker:  John Martin
Church:   Send The Light Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 37m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xTiq6ORYtOc
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] He'll give rest to the weary, give new life to the hopeless. There's no doubt about it. He's my Lord. He's my Lord. There is no other one who can calm the storms of life like my Lord. He'll give rest to the weary, give new life to the hopeless. There's no doubt about it. He's my Lord. He's my Lord. There is no other one who can calm the storms of life like my Lord. He'll give life to the hopeless. Give new life to the hopeless. There's no doubt about it. He's my Lord. Amen. Let's Let's just sing pleasing. Amen. Pleasing. Let me be pleasing to you. Let everything that I do be pleasing to you. Pray. Let everything I pursue be pleasing, oh Lord, unto you. [Music] Pleasing, let me be pleasing to you. Let everything that I do be pleasing to you. Praying. Let every I pursue be pleasing, oh Lord, unto you. Amen. Amen. How many wants to be pleasing to the Lord tonight? &gt;&gt; You know, it's it's in his word. Without faith, you can't please God. So, I just ask you to have faith today and may God find you pleasing in his sight. Amen. Brother James, can you open us with a word of prayer? Amen. You may be seated. Amen. A crown of thorns. Amen. There was no crown for him of silver or of gold. There was no dime mim for him to hold. But blood adorned his bow and prouded stain he bore and sinners gave to him a crown he wore. A rugged cross became his throne. His kingdom was in hearts alone. He wrote his love in crimson red and wore the thorns [Music] upon his head. He did not reign upon a throne of glory, but died upon the cross of Calary [Music] for sinners. There he counted all was own. But lost he surveyed his kingdoms from across. A rugged cross became his throne. His kingdom was in hearts alone. He wrote his love in crimson red and wore a thorns upon his head. [Music] No purple robe he wore his bleeding wounds to hide but stripes upon his back he wore with pride and from the wounds there flowed a crimson cleansing stream that was a god were for the soul unclean. A rugged cross became his throne. [Music] His kingdom was in hearts alone. He wrote his love [Music] in crimson red [Music] and wore the thorns [Music] upon his head. Hallelujah. And it was all for you. Are you washed in the blood? Amen. Have you been to Jesus for their cleansing power? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Are you fully trusting in his grace this hour? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Are you washed in the blood? In the soul cleansing blood of the lamb? Are your garments spotless? Are they white as snow? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Are you walking daily by the Savior's side? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Do you trust each moment in the crucified? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Are you washed in the blood? In the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. Are your garments spotless? Are they white as snow? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? When the bridegroom cometh, will your robes be white? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Will your soul be ready for the mansions bright? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Are you washed in the blood? In the soul cleansing blood of the lamb? Are your garments spotless? Are they white as snow? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Lay aside the garments that are stained with sin. Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? There's a fountain flowing for the soul on clean. Oh, be washed in the blood of the lamb. Yes, I'm washed in the blood. In the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. Yes, my garments are spotless. They are white as snow. Yes, I'm washed in the blood of the lamb. Are you washed in the blood? In the soul cleansing blood of the lamb? Are your garments spotless? Are they white as snow? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Are you thankful to be washed in his blood? You know, we know what that means. But how many Christians out there would have a hard time with that song? They don't want to think about the blood. But without the blood, there is no sacrifice. There's no atonement for your sin. Amen. Don't know where that came from. Day after day, Amen. He's good to us. Amen. Day after day after day, you have been faithful to me. [Music] Day after day after day, I've known your grace. Day after day, week after week, year after year, I will declare your glory. I will declare your greatness. I will praise your name day after day after day. You are my savior, my friend. Day after day after day, I'm not alone. Thank you, Lord. And day after day, week after week, year after year, you will be right beside me. You will be here to guide me. I will praise your name day after day after day you have been faithful to me. Yes, Lord. Day after day after day I've known your grace. Day after day, week after week, year after year, I will declare your glory. I will declare your greatness. I will praise your name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's just praise his name. Hallelujah. We just praise your name. Hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Maybe for the young it's hard to understand, but I'm sure for the Beckman, Sister Lynn, Sister Linda, some of us older ones, there's meaning in that song. It's not just a short relationship. It's a life relationship. Well, ultimately it's a eternal relationship. Amen. &gt;&gt; Fill my cup, Lord. Amen. You'll fill it. Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven. Feed me till I want no more. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Here's my cup. Oh, fill it up and make me whole. Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. Hallelujah. I believe he's going to fill our cup tonight. Amen. Amen. I'm so thankful that we have one that can fill that cup that it never runs dry. Amen. Thank you. Amen. Well, I just like to change order of service. Amen. Our sister Linda has a request. Please continue to pray for restoration of Michael's marriage and for the pain to ease up in my arm. Amen. Well, we will do for both of them. But it's so good to see our sister here, even though she has pain in her arm, for she knows where her healing comes from. Amen. Let's just lift up all those that are struggling. Amen. All those that aren't here for whatever reason it would be. Um, he's the source of life. That's all I can say. we need to be. If we don't lift our cup up to him, he's it's going to be hard for him to fill it. Amen. So, let's re remember all those. Let's remember all those that are out and uh live streaming. Amen. For whatever reason, for our sister Donna, amen. That our prayers go out to her and continued prayers go out to her. And also for uh just this uh concert that's coming up uh Saturday. It would be a shame that uh this there would be any empty seats and that uh we haven't done what uh we know that we can and should do. Amen. So, let's just uh remember that. Um how many enjoys the Fontaine family? Amen. I mean, we know it's a good time. We know it's a good time of celebration in the Lord. And we just pray that uh they could just be an inspiration to somebody else that might not know the Lord. Amen. So, let's just uh pray about that. Amen. Also, if you could just pray for uh me and Sister Lori. There's a situation that we're dealing with that's uh basically out of our control. So, we just do all you can do and turn it over to the Lord. And uh you got to surrender. But regardless the outcome, um, long as he's in it, that's all that matters. Um, let's just stand and u just take these knees before the Lord tonight. Let's also remember all brother Bill, for Elizabeth, all those and for um I can't think of the names now. Uh Charlie uh Kirk I think had passed away. Uh he was shot. What a witness for Christ. Um when you stand up for Christ, you are going to suffer persecution. We just pray that the Lord would just be his wife's comfort and his children's comfort this time of morning. Let's just go before the bottom of the chord. Dear heavenly father, as Lord, we come before you, Lord, tonight. We live in a mixed up world, Lord. People are going this way and that way to and fro, Lord. But Lord, we know that your children, Lord, know your voice. They hear your voice. it sounds and it's distinct uh word that comes across and says Lord it's time to get ready to be called out from this world to be separated Lord we stand here before you tonight Lord knowing from where our help comes and as we Lord accept that in our hearts Lord and by faith we believe it. Lord, we also know, Lord, there's many others that don't know you. So as we come before you tonight, Lord, Lord, you said, Lord, you there's the harvest is ripe, Lord, who would go and and Lord, preach the word, Lord, help us to be a better witness. Lord, help our brother uh Dennis, Lord, and with his with his heart and his condition, Lord, that he's dealing with. Lord, I know his desires to be here with us, Lord. And all those, Lord, that aren't here tonight, Lord, for whatever reason it is. give them strength to overcome in this hour that we're living. But we pray for all the missionaries throughout the world, for all the the things that they're doing, Lord. That Lord, that the workers in this last hour, let us all be workers in this last hour, Lord. We love you. We praise you, Lord. And we look forward to, Lord, what you're going to bring us, Lord, tonight, Lord. We thank you and we love you in Jesus name. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Amen. Let's just sing. Have faith in God. Have faith in God. Have faith in God. [Music] Have faith in God. for the answer. Have faith in God. Have faith in God. Have faith in God. Have faith in God. for your answer. Have faith in God. [Music] Have faith in God. Have faith in God. Have faith in God. For your answer, have faith in God. Amen. I think you have to make it personal. Amen. Amen. Let's just sing higher ground. Amen. How many wants to achieve higher ground tonight? Amen. I'm pressing on the upward way. New heights I'm gaining every day. Still praying as hum on word bound. Lord plant my feet on higher ground. Lord, Lord, Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on heaven table land, a higher plane than I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. My heart has no [Music] desire to stay where doubts arise and fears dismay. Though some may dwell where these abound, my prayer, my aim is higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on heaven's table land, a higher plane than I have found. or plant my feet on higher ground. I want to live above the world. Though Satan starts are at me heard for faith has caught that joyful sound the song of saints on higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on heaven's table land, a higher plane [Music] than I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. I want to scale the utmost high and catch a gleam of glory bright. But still I pray, till heaven I'm found. Lord, lead me on to higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand [Music] by faith on heavens. table land, a higher plane than I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. Hallelujah. Grant it, Lord Jesus, tonight. Amen. Let's just stand as we get ready to change order service. Amen. Just going to pray for the offerings. Dear heavenly father, Lord, as we come before you tonight, Lord, we come with an open heart, Lord, we come, Lord, that you might feed us, Lord, with mana from above. Lord, and as we, Lord, give to you. We give to the storehouse, your storehouse tonight, Lord. We, Lord, we pray that it would be full, Lord. That your barns would be full, Lord God, because we love you, Lord. Not because, Lord, it's something that we have to do, Lord, but it's something that we want to do, Lord. that you have a heart and you have control of everything else. So as we stand before you, Lord, we just pray that you would just honor this, Lord, this act of faith, Lord, that you would just work into our lives, that you would just make all things work out for the good, Lord. And we know you will, Lord, if we if we're true and faithful to you as you are to us, Lord. So we want to thank you tonight for that, Lord. Lord, as we wait for our pastor to come and give us the words of life, Lord, we're just going to sing. It's not by might. Amen. Hallelujah. It's not by might. It's not by power, but my spirit, saith the Lord. It's not by might. It's not by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord. This mountain shall be removed. This mountain shall be removed. This mountain shall be removed. by my spirit, saith the Lord. It's not by mighty amen. It's not by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord. It's not by might. It's not by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord. This mountain shall be removed. This mountain shall be removed. This mountain shall be removed. By my spirit, saith the Lord. It's not by mine. It's not by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord. It's not by might. It's not by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord. This mountain shall be removed. This mountain shall be removed. This mountain shall be removed by my spirit, saith the Lord. It's not by mighty mouth. Brother, saith the Lord. It's not by p. It's not by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord. This mountain shall be removed. This mountain shall be removed. This mountain shall be removed. [Music] by my spirit, saith the Lord. One more time. It's not by might, it's not by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord. It's not by might. It's not by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord. This mountain shall be removed. This mountain shall be removed. This mountain shall be removed. By my spirit, saith the Lord. Amen. Amen. and by the spirit of God, our problems are taken care of. &gt;&gt; Amen. Not by our efforts, not by somebody else efforts, but God has made a way to have our needs met through the Holy Spirit today. Praise the Lord. God bless these faithful few in the house of the Lord today. I'm rejoicing for God's faithfulness inside his people. Amen. Turn with me if you would in the book of Isaiah chapter 12. This is the book of Isaiah is a mini Bible. And there's parts of the whole Bible in the book of Isaiah. We could just if you only have a chance to read one book, this would be the book It shares everything, a little bit of of everything. Amen. Amen. Before we begin reading this entire chapter of chapter 12, let's just ask God's blessing on this part of the service. Now our heavenly father, we bow before you with a thanksgiving in our heart that we could be assembled in your house where we we know we know that we're just two or three are gathered together that you promise to be there. &gt;&gt; And Lord, we believe this with all of our heart. And maybe our feelings don't always declare it, but our faith declares it. And we know that you are touched when we uh touch you by faith, Lord. And Lord, we're looking to you now to break the bread of life to us, to encourage us, strengthen us, help us with all of our uh real life's issues that we have. Uh Lord, may you increase our faith, and and uh give us the victory that we have need of today. bless your your people that have gathered here, Lord, with a special blessing. I just pray that they would leave here with more of you than when they came. And Lord, we ask that you would be with those that are not here today, that are missing for one reason or another. May your your mercies and your grace be extended uh towards them. And Lord, that you would help them in their situations. We thank you for these things now in Jesus Christ's precious name. Amen. Amen. All right. Isaiah chapter 12, starting with verse number one. And in that day thou shalt say, Oh Lord, I will praise thee. Though thou was angry with me, thine anger is turned away, and thou comfortest me. Behold, God is my salvation. I will trust and not be afraid. For the Lord Jehovah is my strength and my song. He also has become my salvation. Therefore will with joy shall ye draw water out of the wells of salvation. And in that day shall ye say, "Praise the Lord. Call upon his name. Declare his doings among the people. Make mention that his name is exalted. Sing unto the Lord for he have done excellent things. This is known in all the earth. Cry out. Shout thou inhabitant of Zion, for great is the Holy One of Israel in the midst of thee. Amen. God bless you. May be seated. Well, like to entitle this message, draw your water. Draw your water. Water is important. Just naturally speaking, our bodies are made of about 60% of water. Now, I've heard in the I've heard of like 90%. I don't know where that has gone down to 60, but that's the now a day Google. So, it's made up of a lot of water if I could just say it like that. Without water, we can't live. And if we can't uh let me just make sure this is uh Yes, it did. It did get a little bit warm in here. So, we're just going to um turn it down for those that are warm and um and those that are feeling really good. Um you just don't want to feel good to be here. How's that? Without water on a daily basis, uh we can become dehydrated. And we've often heard on hot days to drink lots of water. Um dehydration can cause a a lot of underlying issues. In other words, we don't really know why what's happening to our body is happening, but it could be because we're lacking enough water. And eventually, these types of things could lead to kidney stones or just poor brain function. Just kind of like in a fog. Water carries the oxygen and nutrients to all the parts of our body. It lubricates our joints and it protects us and it actually helps remove uh waste. So water is very very necessary and important just on a natural level. Of course, spiritual water um to the spirit man is just as important. A real Christian is made up of living water. I mean, spiritual water or a living word. They just don't live by a dead letter. A a a you know, if you if you don't have the real living water flowing through you, you could literally take the word of God and start cutting people, judging people. That's why the Bible says, uh, speak the truth in love. So, you need a living water to survive. Without the spirit of God flowing in your vessel, you you'll just shrivel up like an old piece of fruit. You ever seen I don't care if it's a banana, a prune, an apple. If it sits there long enough before you eat it, what happens to that thing? That thing just shrivels up. &gt;&gt; Still a fruit, but it's shriveled up. Now Christians can come become like this &gt;&gt; if you don't get in the spirit, keep the spirit flowing through you, you you just shrivel up and and and you you do not handle things with grace and with love. So you need spiritual hydration to be able to deal with real life's issues. Amen. Turn with me to St. John chapter 4. So, we just want to talk about drawing your water. Drawing your water. And like how do we do that? And how do we get a hold of the water that we need to deal with our real life's issues in life, our problems, things we come against. That's kind of what we want to go through today in our little Bible study here. John chapter 4, starting with verse uh number six. And this is a very familiar set of scriptures that Brother Brandham often used. uh before his discernment and he'd bring it up in his sermons. He says, "Now Jacob's well was there and Jesus therefore being wearied with his journey, he sat thus on the well and it was about the sixth hour. But remember, he said, "I must needs go by Samaria because he had somebody to spiritually witness to, right? There cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water." And Jesus saith unto her, "Give me a drink." Now notice Jesus is asking her for a drink of water. But we know that this is going somewhere than more than just filling, you know, a thirsty quench of his body. For his disciples were gone away into the city to buy meat. And then saith the woman of Samaria unto him, "How is it that thou being a Jew asking a drink of me which am a woman of Samaria? for you know that the Jews don't have any dealings with the Samaritans. So why are you asking me for a drink? And Jesus, he said, if you knew the if you knew the gift of God and who it is that saith unto thee, give me a drink of of water, thou wouldest asked of me &gt;&gt; a drink, and I would give thee living water. So Jesus is saying,"I know what I am and what I can give you. And if you knew it, you would sit, you would be wanting water from me." And a lot of times, you know, people come to church and they want to be entertained, but they want to have a fellowship. They they want to have um a a temporary feel good about something, but it's not sustaining. I mean, it's a good thing, but it's not sustaining. Um and what God has to offer us is his holy spirit, and that is what's sustaining. The woman saith unto him, "Sir, thou has nothing to draw with, and the well is deep. from whence then has thou that living water? So notice she's still talking about natural water and somehow it it becomes a living water and and so she says the well is deep. That's important for later down in in the in the message here. From whence thou has that living water? And and this is a question that we all at times have. And and that is I I want help from God. I need joy. I need peace. I I need wisdom. I I need I need help in my situation. But the well is deep. And how can I get to this water? How can I get to what I need that I can be a real overcoming Christian? And she says,"Art thou greater than our father Jacob, which gave us this well, and and drank thereof himself, and his children, and his cattle?" And Jesus answered and said unto her, "Whosoever drinks of this natural water is actually going to thirst again and need more water to survive to survive to the next day." But whosoever drinkketh of the water that I shall give him shall never thirst, but the water that I give him shall be in him, inside of him, a well of water springing up into everlasting life. Now, this shall never thirst doesn't mean you won't want to thirst for God's presence. What it means is you'll never look for anything else to satisfy you than Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; There's nothing else that can satisfy you. &gt;&gt; Jesus said this well will be inside of your human body. So when we're looking for things that we need in our life, we don't look out here. We don't even deal with circumstances. But we have to get real with God inside of our heart &gt;&gt; because that's where you're going to meet God is inside of our heart. So wherever you are, the well will presently be with you. You don't have to go looking for it. The well is inside of you. It's a springing into everlasting life. In other words, joy will be there. Peace will be there. right in the middle of a storm, you'll have peace because the wells inside of you. But how do we get in there to get it out? That's the drawing part. That's the part that we play to get it out, to get it to where it it actually benefits our life. So, whatever you need, you need a drink, it'll be available right there inside of you. You won't have to wait till you get to church &gt;&gt; to draw water from the waters of salvation. It's available. So it doesn't matter what the need is, his presence is right there to give it to you. If you need a sound mind in a situation, you need victory, you need to overcome a situation, if you need the blood to cover, if you need forgiveness, if you need his allsufficient grace, whatever it is, it's already inside of you. You just got to draw it out. Therefore, with joy shall ye draw waters out of the wells of salvation. With joy. Not Oh, really? I got to deal with this again. We ought to be the happiest people on the planet. &gt;&gt; How God is in in his presence is fullness of joy. So if we don't have that joy, then we've stepped out of the presence of the Lord because God is still he's got joy all the time. I mean, he had joy for the joy that was set before him. He endured the cross. And joy is important because it's your strength. It's okay. I can deal with this because I've got joy inside of me. So therefore, with joy shall ye draw waters out of the wells of salvation. So you got to draw water out of out of you. Do you know how to do that yet? Anybody got any idea how to how to do that yet? Take joy and draw waters of salvation. I'll never leave you. I'll never forsake you. I'll be with you to the end. The well of salvation is inside of you. Now drawing water physically is not easy. Just if you can imagine um this woman that was at that well, she said the well is deep. Now I'm sure back then they didn't have the invention of automation. They didn't have electric motors. You you you pull the generator starts up and all of a sudden here comes the bucket, you know, full of the water to drink. She her own testimony was the well is deep and it had to be deep for it to be along as far as Jacob was, right? His children. This is many years later. And the well's still there and it still got water. So, it had to be pretty deep for it to not dry up. Are you with me so far? Amen. &gt;&gt; So, it takes effort spiritually to draw water out of a well, a spiritual well. So, when we're trying to get water to help our situation, we understand it can't be just as easy as turning the TV on and and getting what we need. We actually have to put effort to get the water out to where it can do good. Because if there's water in a well, that's good down there, but I need it up here. I need to be drinking it. I need something up here to help me. So, how do I get it out? All right, let's turn to Genesis chapter 24, verse 10. Genesis chapter 24, verse 10. I hope that I'm at least a little bit starting to um get you thirsty for this answer. All right. Genesis chapter 24. Now Abraham makes Eleazar swear to go get the type of bride that is just right for for for his son Isaac. And not just to get any old uh bride, but it had to be one after his kind. One after his kind. A very good type of uh God and and and Jesus. And then not only Jesus, but Jesus and us, right? He's the firstborn among many brother. We had that that service on on on being uh in the genes of God, the spiritual genes of God. So let's take a look at this. Genesis 24:10. And the servant Eleazar took 10 camels of the camels of his master and departed. For all the goods of his master were in his hand. All the goods of Abraham was with Eleazar. And he arose and he went to Mesopotonia onto the city of Nahor. And he made his camels to kneel down without the city by a well of water at the time of the evening, even the time that women go out to draw water. Now notice the the women drew the water being a type of the bride who does the drawing of the water. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; Okay. And he said, uh, "Oh Lord, God of my master Abraham, I pray thee, send me good speed this day and show kindness unto my master Abraham." What a what a blessing to have to have this type of a a support um that really cares h about um the the the ministry. If I could just say it like this. Ezer was a real faithful servant to Abraham. Behold, I stand here by the well of water and the daughters of the men of the city come out to draw water. And he's making this prayer. And he says, "And let it come to pass that the damsel to whom I shall say, let down thy pitcher, I pray thee, that I may drink, and she shall say, drink, and I will give thy camels drink also. Let the same be she that thou has appointed for thy servant Isaac. and thereby shall I know that thou has showed kindness unto my master. Now notice this this little if I could kind of call it a fleece here in this um it the the the bride would be known by her willingness to work extra by her willingness to work extra. Not just get by. Yeah, here's the drink you asked for. but to give more than what was asked for. That's what that's a good identification of the true bride of Christ. And it came to pass before he was done speaking that Rebecca came out, who was born to Bethl, the son of Mela, the wife of Nahor, Abraham's brother, with her picture upon her shoulder. And there it is. It's of the same lineage there, the same genes. And the dames was very fair to look upon a virgin. Now, this just represents the church here, right? She's a clean of not being with the the uh the world uh or a a a church that's denominationalized, a a church that's uh uh man-made. There's no belief in anything but the word of God, the pure word of God. Neither had any man known her. And she went down to the well, and filled her picture, and came up. And the servant ran to meet her, and said, "Let me, I pray thee, drink a little of thy pitcher." And she said, "Drink, my lord." And she, look at hasted. She hasted. She wasn't being lazy here. She let down the picture upon her hand and gave him drink. And when she had done her first bidding, giving him a drink, she said, "You know what? I'll draw water for your camels also until they have done drinking." Like, how many is going to volunteer to do more work? &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; You know what we're looking for in the flesh is somebody else to take care of our problems. The servant Eleazar wasn't there looking for some a handout with water. He wasn't looking for somebody to help him. He was looking for something for his master. and she he found the bride when she identified by doing more than what was asked. And this to me is a true characteristic of somebody that really wants to get to heaven. Somebody that really wants to get ready to make the rapture. They're willing to go above and beyond. They don't have an attitude of, "Well, if I got to do this, I'll do it. But, you know, this is all I'm gonna do. I'm not going to do any more than that. That is not a good identification of the bride of Christ. And and this this lady, if I could say it like this, she was willing to work. She wasn't afraid to work. She wasn't afraid to do more than what was asked of her. Like if you know for me to go get um um Alzer a drink of water would be pretty easy, right? It'd be one time into the well. Bring it up. Here you go. But she's offering to do work. A lot more work. Well, how much more work? We'll we'll we'll we'll try to see what what this is here. It was a It was a quite a bit of work for sure. But let's finish reading this. and the damned soul. Okay, I'm sorry. Verse um number 20. And she hastened, emptied the picture, ran again unto the well to draw water, and drew for all his camels. And the man wondered at her at her uh and and the man wondering at her held his peace to w whether the Lord had made his journey prosperous or not. And it came to pass as the camels had done drinking that the man took a golden earring of a half a shekele of weight and two bracelets for her hands of 10 shekels weight of gold. Now remember, he had everything that uh Abraham had had at his disposal and he now she had drawn from the wells and she was now being prospered naturally for her labor above and beyond what she thought she was going to get. Of course, she didn't know that she was under the the purpose of the Holy Spirit now for her future. &gt;&gt; And a lot of times God asks us to do things that we don't think have anything to do with what we got going on in our life, but they have everything to do with getting ready to get out of here. &gt;&gt; And that's why we, you know, we think it's natural, it's carnal, it's not needed. like like a lot of people, they don't go to church because they don't think it's needed. &gt;&gt; I am telling you, those people are not going to make it as clear as anything. When brother Brandham says, "Don't make it just reading one message," that's because that's all they had. &gt;&gt; But if they had more messages to read and they decided not to read it, I'm sorry. To whom much is given, much is required. &gt;&gt; Amen. and and and we we have a chance to be faithful and faithfulness is what brings us to the rapture. Now, did you know one camel can drink up? Actually, I've read where they can drink more than 50 gallons of water at one time. So, how many knows what a 55gallon drum looks like? Okay. Now, that's Well, my arm's not doing real good, but I'm going to say it's about this diameter, and it's about about this tall. It's it's they call it 55 gallons you can put in there. 55 gallons of whatever. Now, um there were actually 10 camels, right? So if each one um drank a 55 gallon, that means 10 of them would be 10 10 gallons 10 55gallon drums up here or 550 gallons. Think about that. You know how much one gallon of milk is when you go to the store and you buy it and you're carrying it? Brother Ron, you told us about when you hurt your shoulder in the other church when you picked up that five gallon of water with one hand and you put it on your shoulder and you hurt your your shoulder. 550 gallons this woman Rebecca did without being asked. She went above and beyond, but she became the part of that lineage that God had with his special people. And she could have had the attitude where, you know, I'm not I'm not gonna draw all that water for your camels. &gt;&gt; You didn't ask me and I ain't gonna do it. Right? &gt;&gt; And if you did ask me, I would say I'm too busy. I'll give it to you. I want you to understand that God is looking to see how interested we are in really going forward with him. Because if we really want the joy of the Lord, the peace of God, the the fire of God, if we want to have victory, if we want to have um if we want to be an overcomer, if we want to have the love to love our enemies, we need to be willing to draw, draw, draw, draw from that well to get God in the scene. Because we're not going to get a lot if we're only going to give a little. We've got to be willing to get a lot. Now, I wonder how long that would have taken to draw 550 gallons for a moment. Now, let's just be honest. How big was the bucket on the end of this rope that was going down? How big was that? Because I'm going to be honest with you, when you're you ever try to carry two one gallons of milk with one hand. I mean, that's hard. So, if you're going to be cranking that up and it was deep well, right? Deep well, I mean, after a while, she had to have, you know, Samson muscles or something. I mean, that's how many times How big was that bucket? Let's take a guess. What would it be? &gt;&gt; I I if it was too big, you She would never be able to do it because it wasn't motorized. &gt;&gt; I mean, when I'm watching the John Wayne movies, they don't look that big, &gt;&gt; right? It's just a little a little thing in you. So, I'm just saying it wouldn't surprise me if she had to go down there 250 times. &gt;&gt; I don't know. But I'm saying that she was willing to keep seeking and asking for for what she needed to get the job done. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And the thing is, the key to to to receiving what we need from the wells of salvation is to have joy when we're praising God, when we're shouting to God, a and and to enter into his presence with thanksgiving, into his courts with praise, and and to to to believe that God will come on the scene and consume the sacrifice if we're willing to put forth the effort. Our opening scripture says in Isaiah 12:1, "And in that day, thou shalt say, Oh Lord, I will praise thee." How many on the way to church today, just be honest with me, on the way to church today, you had this thought. I am going to praise the Lord. I mean, there is sometimes the the thought process of it's time for church and I got to get there and I hope, you know, I get something from God. That thought process is usually always there. But now we're we've been taught in the scriptures to bring a sacrifice of praise to come with something to give to God because we're coming into his house. And um and so it says, "Oh Lord, I will praise thee though you were angry with me. I I I I sinned. I I I I I said some wrong things. I did some wrong things. Um, and you were angry with me, but your anger is turned away. And you comfort me because I I've I've repented. I said I was sorry. I made that right. And now I'm going to come and praise you. Behold, God is my salvation. I will trust and not be afraid. I will trust. I'm going to make a decision. I'm going to trust and I'm not going to be afraid. For the Lord Jehovah is my strength and he's my song. He's also become my salvation. He saves me from all of myself, all my situations. He's my savior, not just of my soul, but all the things that I go through in life. He's my savior. I can't count on anybody, but I can count on God. Therefore, with joy shall you draw water out of the wells of salvation. I love this. It says wells. It just like wherever you're at. If you notice in the Old Testament, they had made wells in different places. Depending on where they were at, they would need water. The well would be there. And you know, God can be God in our home and in our business. He can be God here. He can be God at our neighbors. He be God in the hospital. God is is a God that wherever we need water to draw water, he can be there. He can make a way for us. And in that day shall you praise the Lord. In that day that you're drawing the water out. You shall praise the Lord. Call upon his name and declare how great our God is among the people. declare his doings among the people and make mention that his name is exalted. Now I want you to think about this before service and after service. How often have we've done this? You know how often do we testify how great our God is in church? How often do we make mention that his name should be exalted because this is what we need to get what we want. It is hid here in simplicity. Sing unto the Lord for he have done excellent things. This is known in all the earth. Cry out, shout, thou inhabitant. In other words, you people that dwell in Christ. For great is the Holy One of Israel in the midst of thee. So what does it mean to draw water? How do I draw water? Okay, so we could have some answers at this point when I asked that question. Um, so you're not all dear with the headlights that have come on. You've been here. You've been listening. How you draw water is you praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; You sing unto the Lord. You cry out for God. You call upon his name. You're not afraid, but you trust the Lord. That's how you That's how you draw waters. trust in him. You declare how great he is. Whoever you're talking to, &gt;&gt; you make mention that his name is exalted above every other name. You testify that the Lord Jehovah is your strength and has become your salvation for every need you have. You shout. This is all these things you read right here in these six verses. You shout because you're dwelling in Zion, the secret place of the most high. You shout for great is the Holy One of Israel in the midst of you. Now, this is what it means to draw water. So, what what are you truly saying here, brother John? I am saying you can't just come and do a little praise, a little shout, and say, um, here Elizer, here's the water you asked for. What you got to be doing is willing to draw more water to praise him when you don't feel like praising him to shout out to the Lord when you don't feel like shouting today. &gt;&gt; You know, you can't wait till we get um you know a a band up here &gt;&gt; to make you feel good about being in church. You got to draw your own water &gt;&gt; because sometimes the laontines can't be with you in the house where you're living. &gt;&gt; Sometimes the church can't be with you in your home when you're going through your trial. But what you can do is you can call on God and you can keep drawing water and God will meet you. &gt;&gt; Draw your own water. David caught this same vision that Isaiah had in drawing water out of the wells of salvation here in Psalms 105 verses 1-4. Psalms 105:es 1-4. Oh, give thanks. Tell me if this isn't the same thing here that Isaiah had the same vision. Oh, give thanks unto the Lord. Call upon his name. Make known his deeds among the people. Sing unto him. Sing psalms unto him. Talk ye of all his wondrous works. Give glory unto his holy name. Let the heart of them rejoice that seek the Lord. Seek the Lord and his strength seek his face ever more. So when you you come and like what a beautiful time we had here Sunday at the altar. Boy, I I just feel that the Lord was happy with the intention that there was in the heart of the people of of seeking God. I really do. But here's the thing. We got to keep it going. &gt;&gt; We got to keep it going. You got to keep on seeking. Ask and it shall be given. Seek and you shall find. Knock and the door shall be open. You got He that seeketh findeth. That means you got to keep seeking. You can't just, you know, here's a little water for Elizer. that ought to be good enough. No, that is not good enough. You keep seeking until you get what you're looking for. &gt;&gt; You keep knocking until the door finally opens. Have you ever gone to a door and you went like this and they didn't come the first time &gt;&gt; and you did it again? You know, you not it's not God isn't going to spoil us. He wants to feel appreciated. That means we're willing to sacrifice and draw as much water as needed to get a hold of God. So what are we doing here? What are we doing here reading this? We're learning to draw water the way that we should out of the well. It takes effort to give thanks. It get it takes effort to praise the Lord. When you don't feel like doing it, you just don't do it. You ever been in a good mood? You just and it's real easy because you're in a good mood. And when you're in a bad mood, it's you don't feel like doing anything. But it's when you're that's all emotion there, right? But when you need a drink, aren't you happy that you can go to the faucet, turn it on, grab some water? It's there. That's easy. But spiritual water, if you're not used to drawing water, can be hard. Of course, if you're used to it, it's easier. So, you just got to you got to put forth effort. It's about effort. The the only way to worship God is in spirit and truth. &gt;&gt; That's that's the the only worship that God will accept. So we can spend time just saying praise the Lord. Thank you Jesus in a service and we think we worship the Lord, but we've got to get into the spirit because that's the only thing he accepts. So if we want to get the benefit of feeling his presence and feeling the joy and feeling strength and getting the victory, then we've got to be willing to get pray and worship him until we get into the spirit and he receives that. Amen. &gt;&gt; So it takes effort to shout and cry out to God. It takes effort. You just if you're not willing to give any effort, you're not willing to work, I don't think you're going to get much results. It takes spiritual strength to ask things when you when you feel like you're not getting anywhere with God. It takes spiritual strength to keep knocking, to keep asking. Remember that one woman who the adversary was uh um taunting her? I can't remember exactly the story, but she went before the unjust judge and she kept crying out. And then God said, "How much more shall God uh take care of his children who cry day and night for him?" I mean, think about the last time that you went home and the thing that was on your heart is that you got to get a hold of God. When was the last time that happened? Because to draw water takes work. You You just can't sit in church and expect to get the blessings of God because God wants us to put our heart into drawing from him. And it takes worship. It takes praise. It takes thanking him for all the blessings that he blessed you with today. &gt;&gt; Count your blessings. Name them one by one. Remember this is hard. The Bible says the flesh is weak, but the spirit is willing. So the flesh does not want to spend time worshiping. The flesh, you know what? I finally got hot. I don't know what happened because the temperature went down four degrees and now I'm hotter than it was before. I am going to turn the heat back on. Like what happened? For some reason, the temperature just got hot up here for some reason. It takes effort and the flesh doesn't always want to praise the Lord. But we just got to do it. &gt;&gt; Draw the water. Don't just leave it there. The water's there. And what good is it to have the water if you're not going to get So get the benefits that we can get. Just spend time praising the Lord. Therefore, with joy shall ye draw waters out of the wells of salvation. Amen. Psalms 116:13 says, "I will take the cup of salvation and call upon the name of the Lord." Notice that. I will take the cup of salvation and I will call on the name of the Lord. We all have situations that we need to be saved from. Amen. &gt;&gt; We all have people we know that put in prayer requests and he's looking for us to draw, to praise him for the victory, to shout, to cry out before it happens because that's true faith. &gt;&gt; And faith is what catches God's attention. &gt;&gt; Amen. Verse 17. I will offer to thee the sacrifice of thanksgiving, and I will call upon the name of the Lord, and I will pay my vows unto the Lord now in the presence of his people. Think about that one. In the courts of the Lord's house, in the midst of thee, oh Jerusalem, praise ye the Lord. Now, remember the vows. So, you made a vow to the Lord that you're going to serve him with all your heart. When you gave your heart to God, you said to God, I'm going to I'm going to serve you. I'm going to live for you. I'm going to move forward with you. Now, that is a vow that God wants you to keep. And sometimes, you know, our flesh gets away from serving God with our heart. And this scripture here is telling us that we need to go in church in the presence of all his people and make that recommitment. That's what you coming up to the altar was happening. That you making things closer to what you had at the beginning in the courts of the Lord's house in the midst of thee, oh Jerusalem. Praise ye the Lord. When was the last time? Okay, let me ask you this question. When was the last time you remember praising the Lord so much at church that you thought about it when you left church? When was the last time that happened? I mean, I was really drawn. I was really drawn to water. I can't believe how much I was praising God that service because the more you draw, the more you're going to get of his presence. I think when we're young in the Lord that God just pours out his blessings, right? Because he he he does it to the just and the unjust. But as we mature, he wants us to start drawing our own water. He wants us to labor for what we want. We can't just depend on everybody else to do it for us, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; It only goes so far. All right. Romans chapter 10. Everyone uh who everyone that uh needs to be saved from any situation, need to take the cup of salvation, call upon the name of the Lord. Look at Romans chapter 10 starting with verse 11. It starts out with salvation. And the scripture says, "For who?" For for the scripture saith, whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed. Have will you ever felt ashamed to praise the Lord. Did you ever feel like, well, I don't feel like praising the Lord right now. I'll be the only one, you know, that actually says, "Praise the Lord." It's kind of quiet right now. &gt;&gt; You don't ever want to be ashamed. You you you want to just You want to let God know everywhere that you're a believer. For there is no difference between the Jew and the Greek. For the for the same Lord over all is rich unto all that call upon him. For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved. Now this is really this is talking about salvation. But the thing is I need to be saved from situations every day because the devil attacks me. He tries to get me off track. He He tries to get my mind in a in a lukewarm leodysia state and I need to be saved and the scripture is telling me that if I just call on the Lord that he will save me from my situation that there's actually water there to draw from. I don't have to sit in this this this spot of oh me why look at my situation nobody here to help me. No, I got to labor for my own water. All right. Jeremiah chapter 299. This is a familiar scripture. Um, now how this well functions is that we we we we call on God. We pray. We shout. We cry. We worship and we get w and we we receive from him what we have need of. And the scripture says, "Then shall ye call upon me, and ye shall go and pray unto me, and I will hearken unto you, and you shall seek me and find me when you search for me with all your heart." So I I would say when I look at Rebecca, Rebecca, she went ahead and she drew water. Um, and she, you know, she wasn't some somebody that didn't know. She didn't draw this water, Sister Lynn. She didn't say, "You know what? I that was a mistake. I should have never said that. She didn't say that &gt;&gt; there was something inside of her. She knew what she was going to do when she drew waterfall 10 camels. &gt;&gt; And here the scripture is telling us that we we need to seek God and search for him with all of our heart. That means more effort, more time. And the more you put into it, the more you get out. And and and the and the thing is this is important to put into practice so we don't end up having to depend on feeling good to do it right. So we just got to be confident that no matter where we're at in life, the Bible says, "Be confident of this very thing that he which begun a good work in you will finish it." The well is there to help us all through our journey to the rapture. There is enough water in the wells of salvation to drink to last us our entire life. And the well is open to whosoever wants it. This is what I love about this script. This this well, God doesn't hold it back from anybody. Whoever is willing to draw, he'll give it to. And and and it we know that one day the well is going to be closed to the Gentiles and it's going to open up to the Jews. But until then, whoever wants it of the Gentiles is open. Revelations 22:17 says, "And the spirit and the bride say come." So the spirit, the Holy Ghost, and the bride have the same desire for for God to come. And let him that heareth the word or the spirit say to the church or the moving he that he that heareth say come and let him that is thirsty let him come. And whosoever will let him take of the water of life freely. The last chapter in the Bible. and whosoever will let him take of the water of life freely. But you got to come and you got to drink. Psalms 91:15 says, "He shall call upon me and I will answer him. I will be with him in trouble. I will deliver him and I will honor him. With long life will I satisfy him and show him my salvation." And so if there is health needs, we have scripture in the Bible that that God will will satisfy us with long life and show us his salvation through many sicknesses. Amen. God is a deliverer of all health issues. But we just got to keep unfortunately we have to keep praying. We have to keep seeking. We have to keep believing. We have to fight the good fight of faith. So whatever the trouble you have, there's a well that you can drink from. There's a well that can take care of every need. If you need mercy, there's a well to draw from. If you need forgiveness, there's a well to draw from. Psalms 86:5 tells us, "For thou, Lord, art good and ready to forgive." Isn't that beautiful? Thou art good and ready to forgive, and plenteous in mercy unto all them that call upon thee. Give ear, O Lord, unto my prayer. Attend to the voice of my supplication. In the day of my trouble, I will call upon thee, for thou will answer me. I'm going to draw my water. I'm going to draw my water, for thou will answer me. That's that takes faith. John uh chapter 7 as we're getting ready to close here. John 7:37. In the last day, that great day of the feast, Jesus stood and he cried. It must have meant something to him that he cried, brother Ron. It must have touched deep, saying, If any man thirst, let him come unto me and drink. Let him draw his own water from the wells of salvation and drink. And he that believeth on me, as the scriptures have said, out of his belly shall flow rivers of living water. But this spake he of the spirit which they that believe on him should receive for the Holy Ghost was not yet given because Jesus was not yet glorified. He that believeth on me as the scriptures have said. You know everybody's got their opinion about Jesus. I mean when Jesus asked the question who do who do men say that I the son of man? You ask anybody what do you think about Jesus? They got their opinion. What do you believe? And there's a lot of people that say they believe, not realizing the devils believe, but they don't believe as the scriptures teach. And the reason I'm I'm bringing this up is we've been taught easy clearly in the scriptures here how to draw water. If we want more of God in our life, we've got to spend time drawing. We got to seek God. We got to get spend time. God, I need you. Cry out, shout, talk about him. Testify him. Sometimes after church, we don't even talk about what was being preached. &gt;&gt; Like, we just heard from God and we're not going to talk about it. &gt;&gt; I mean, we should be thinking about the things that God's doing. &gt;&gt; Talk to somebody. Let them know what God's doing in your life. because it's encouraging. When somebody comes and they tell me what God's doing in their life, it encourages me. &gt;&gt; It it, you know, God's alive and and if he's working with somebody, that's going to encourage me because that means that that God can do that with me, too. &gt;&gt; So, we just got to draw draw from the wells that that we have. And that it just takes the effort of going beyond doing a little bit. Well, I went to church. What else you expect out of me? I want I want God. I want this well springing out. &gt;&gt; I want when everybody else in the world is shriveling up. I want to have God on the inside of me. &gt;&gt; And and that ain't going to happen because my name is John Martin. That's only going to happen because if I spend time drawing, drawing, drawing &gt;&gt; when I don't want to, when I'm tired. &gt;&gt; And the reason we brought out this Ellie uh Rebecca drawing 550 gallons here, it's to show that it it takes more work than what we want to do. &gt;&gt; And if we can just come to church with the attitude that I'm willing to praise God in church. I'm willing to call on him. You know, because the one thing I I I I miss about brother Bruce. Of course, I miss a lot of things about Brother Bruce, but that man was not He wasn't afraid to enter in to the word, &gt;&gt; you know, to to really enter into the word and and receive. He wasn't he wasn't he wasn't afraid to praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; And um there's so much that we can. And just think about it. How many can testify this? When we saw Brother Bruce, he had a smile on his face. &gt;&gt; He was happy. And I I I think God we, you know, like brother John Lefon used to say, we ought to be the happiest people on the planet. &gt;&gt; We really should be. And um so how many is willing to to start digging in and drawing more? &gt;&gt; Amen. I think this will get us to what we're what we're the place we want to get to. If if it's just to be happier or to to have more strength, whatever it is that we need, it comes from God &gt;&gt; and you praise God and you trust God and and and go to the extremes. Sometimes you got to shout out to God and and and just talk about him more and testify about him more and before you know it, the Bible says that he'll his presence will come because you're talking about him. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's stand together. I believe the bride will be like Rebecca and willing to draw water for those who are carrying her into the rapture. I believe that you know as you water the ministry the min the five-fold ministry is what brings us to perfection. &gt;&gt; Amen. There is a river Yeah. [Music] There came a sound from heaven [Music] as a mighty rushing wind. It filled their hearts with singing and gave peace and joy within. The prophet gave a promise. The spirit did descend and from the inner veil [Music] came a river with no end. [Music] There is a river that flows from deep within. There is a fountain that frees the soul from sin. Come to this water. There is a vast supply. [Music] There is a river that never shall run dry. Amen. Let's sing that again. And there is a river. Oh, there is a river that flows from deep within. There is a fountain that frees the soul from sin. Oh, come to this water. There is a vast supply. There is a river that never shall run dry. One more time. Let's sing it. Oh, there is a river that flows from deep within. There is a fountain that frees the soul from sin. Oh, come to this water. There is a vast supply. There is a river that never shall run dry. Amen. What a promise. What a promise. I think God wants us to remember that there is a river that we can draw waters from. Amen. Let's sing. Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up. Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. Lift it up. Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Here's my cup.
