################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-02 - 10.1.25 - Our Guide - John Martin - John Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-10-02
Title:    10.1.25 - Our Guide - John Martin
Speaker:  John Martin
Church:   Send The Light Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 37m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P5xHZOttr98
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] My salvation on Calary. I love him. I love him because he first love me and purchase my salvation on God Amen. Just think how he loves you. I love him. I love him because he first love me and purchase my salvation on Cal. How [Music] breathe. Amen. Amen. Let's just sing. Come by here, my lord. Amen. Come by here, my Lord. Come by here. Come by here, my Lord. Come by here. Come by here. My Lord, come by here. Oh Lord, come by here. Do you have a need tonight? Come by here, my Lord. Come by here. Come by here my Lord. Come by here. Come by here my Lord. Come by here. Oh Lord. Come by here. Someone's bringing Lord come by here. Someone's bringing Lord come by here. Someone's bring Lord come by here. Oh Lord, come by here. Amen. As we worship. As we worship, Lord. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You believe he's here. &gt;&gt; He inhabits the praises of his saints. So his word says he's here. This Amen. Brother Dennis, can you open us with a word of prayer? &gt;&gt; Our precious heavenly father, we come to you through Jesus Christ that you sent on this earth to die that we may have eternal life instead of giving each and every one of us and help other people see the way. Bless the service that will all get stronger. all you ask usern. &gt;&gt; Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Fill my cup up, Lord. Amen. Fill my cup up, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven. Feed me till I want no more. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. Just empty out now. Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Here's my cup. Oh, fill it up and make me whole. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He wants to fill your cup. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Sometimes our our cup is filled with the wrong things. Amen. Until we get rid of the wrong thing, it's hard for him to fill the cup. He abides. Amen. Hallelujah. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the pilgrim's way for the hand in God. And all my life I see. Amen. And the reason of the bliss. Yes. The secret all is this. that the comforter abides with me. He abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. Once my heart was full of sin. Once I had no peace within. Till I heard how Jesus died upon the tree. Then I fell down at his feet. And there came a peace so sweet. Now the comforter abides with me. He abides. Oh hallelujah. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. He is with me everywhere and he knows my every care. I'm as happy as a burden just as free. For the spirit has control. Jesus satisfies my soul since a comforter abides with me. He abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. There's no thirsting for the things of the world. They've take their wings. Long ago I gave them up and instantly. All my night was turned to day. All my burdens rolled away. Now the comforter abides with me. He abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. He abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the arrow away. For the comforter abides with me. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I hope he's abiding with you today. &gt;&gt; Amen. Trust and obey. There ain't no other way. When we walk with the Lord in the light of his word, what a glory he sheds on our way. While we do his good will, he abides with us still and with all who will. Trust and oy. trust and oy for there's no other way to be happy with Jesus but to trust and oy shadow can rise. Not a cloud in the sky, but a smile quickly drives it away. Hallelujah. Not a doubt or a fear, but a sign or a tear can abide. Well, we trust and oy. Trust and oy for there's no other way to be happy with Jesus but to trust and oy. Not a burden we bear. Not a sorrow we share, but a toil he does richly repay. Not a grief nor a loss, not a frown or a cross, but a twist if we trust and oy. Trust and oy for there's no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust and oy. But we never can prove the delights of his love until all on the altar we lay. For his favor he shows and the joy he bestows are for them all will trust and oy trust and oy for there's no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust and oy. Then in fellowship we we shall sit at his feet or we'll walk by the side in the way. What he says we will do. Where he says we will go. Never fear. Only trust and oy. Trust and oy. For there's no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust and oy. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. There is no other way. &gt;&gt; When you trust him, you show you love him. &gt;&gt; And when you obey him, he blesses you. He's still working on me, though. How about you, Brother Dennis? &gt;&gt; Yes, he's working on me. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. He's still working on me to make me what I ought to be. It took him just a week to make the moon and the stars, the sun and the earth and Jupiter and Mars. A lovely patient he must be. He's still working on me. Thank you, Lord. He's still working on me. Aren't you glad to make me one ought to be? It took him just a week to make the moon and the stars, the sun and the earth and Jupiter are marked. A lovely patient he must be. He's still working on me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Be a lot of thank you Lords for that one. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. That's all I can say. Hallelujah. I'm thankful. He's still working on me. Amen. Till we get out of this past house, he's still going to be working on it. Like Paul said, it's not that yet I've obtained, but I I still run after. Amen. Our sister Trish has a request. Please remember my aunt Gail in your prayer. She had some oral surgery and is in much pain. Also, she has an unspoken request. Any anybody else with an unspoken, just lift it before the Lord tonight. He definitely knows your your heart. Amen. And uh Sister Linda has a request. Linda Helms is going into ER this uh evening as her doctor uh instructed her she is going to have a cardio over vision. They are concerned about a AIB. I think what basically what she told me is they stop your heart and then restart it or something and you know uh it's out of sync basically and sometimes uh spiritually speaking we can get out of sync too, right? We got to figure out where we left God and go back there and start. Amen. So, let's just lift that up. Amen. Also, uh Elizabeth Murphy, uh lift her up. Uh there's needs in uh in leadership of the of the Lord for her medical needs. Amen. She just has the desire just to be willing whatever the Lord has says just follow that. So we just pray for her. Al also uh brother Rogers dad um he's uh has forest or stage four cancer and uh he needs Lord. So we look at the cancer and we wouldn't want anybody to have cancer because we all know somebody that's got it. But if you have a if you don't know Lord and you're not saved, cancer is nothing. Eternity is forever. So in death, the cancer will leave, but we pray for his soul and also that the Lord would just touch his heart. Amen. He's the only one that can do that. Amen. Let's just remember all those that aren't here tonight. We pray that as as we get closer to the top of the pyramid, it gets narrower. The long the road is narrow and it's only going to be those that seek it that are going to find it. So we pray Lord that he would just send workers in the in the harvest. Amen. for those that are trying to find a broad way to Jesus and there is no broad way. So we pray that he can just use everyone here. It doesn't matter how old you are, how young you are, he can use you if you got a willing heart. So let's just stand this afternoon and uh just remember brother John in prayer also that uh the Lord would just use him as he he's does many times to speak to us but uh that our hearts would be tender and they would just receive the word that would be a our hearts would just be prepared for the word tonight. Let's just go accord. Dear heavenly father, Lord, as we approach your throne, Lord, as we humble ourselves before the mighty hand of God, Lord, there's nothing that we can do of ourselves, Lord, but submit to you and know that you are all powerful, allseeing, all knowing God, Lord, for this Elizabeth Murphy with this sufferers, this cancer, Lord, she's just surrendered to you and she's just looking for leadership and to her medical needs. Lord, for brother Rogers dad, Lord, we just pray for a surrender in his life, Lord. That Lord, you would just that he would reach out and just have a desire in his heart to know you, Lord God. And Lord, and through that, Lord God, you might heal his body, mind, and soul, Lord God. We pray in the name of Jesus, Lord, for our sister Linda Helms, Lord, that went into the hospital tonight. Lord, with this heart condition, Lord, we pray that you would just move upon her life, Lord. remove upon them the uh doctors and all the medical staff there, Lord. May she be a testimony as she has been to so many others, Lord God, that she puts you first, Lord, in all things, Lord. Lord, we just love you tonight, Lord. We just lift up our hearts and our souls and our our lives to you, Lord. Our homes, everything that would, Lord, just amplify you tonight, Lord God. May we just put it out there, Lord, for you. Lord, we love you, Lord. We just look forward to your word, Lord, how it's going to change us, Lord. May we just be receptive of it, Lord God, in all things. We'll give you the glory for it all, Lord. Lord, we pray for all the missionaries throughout the world, Lord. For all those that are working for you, Lord, in this late hour. Oh Lord Jesus for all these this family this uh church Lord that was uh burned and there was uh Lord just sin sin abounded Lord God that this man came in and killed people Lord Lord help us all Lord Jesus that could have been us Lord Lord let I pray that you just have mercy upon them and upon all your children in Jesus name. Amen. may be seated. Amen. Amen. Um, Brother Marty, can you lead us in the offerings? first. &gt;&gt; Yes. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Amen. Joy unspeakable. Amen. Every I have found a graces all complete within every need. While I sit and learn at Jesus feet, I am free. Yes, free indeed. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory, full of glory, full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. And the half has never yet been told. I have found the pleasure I once crave. It is joy and peace within. [Music] What a wondrous blessing. I am saved from the awful guilt of sin. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Full of glory, full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. and a half has never yet been told. They found a hope so bright and clear. Living in the realm of grace. Oh, the Savior presence is so near. I can see his smiling face. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Full of glory, full of glory. It is joy, unspeakable and full of glory. And the half has never yet been told. I have found the joy no tongue can tell. Now as waves of glory roll, it is like a great overflowing well springing up within my soul. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Full of glory, full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. And the half has never yet been told. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How many wants to hear the other half? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Amen. Well, you got to wait. Amen. But you should be looking forward to it. Amen. Lily of the Valley. Amen. Everybody ought to know. ought to know. Everybody ought to know who Jesus is. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know who Jesus is. is he's the lily of the valley. He's the bright and morning star. He's the fairest of 10,000. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to tell. Everybody ought to tell. Everybody ought to tell who Jesus is. Everybody ought to tell. Everybody ought to tell. Everybody ought to tell who Jesus is. He's the healer of my body. He's the savior of my soul. He's the Holy Ghost baptizer. Everybody ought to know. All the children ought to know. All the children ought to know. All the children ought to know what Jesus did. All the children ought to know. All the children ought to know. All the children ought to know. What Jesus did. [Music] Jesus gave his life on Calary, [Music] saw blood, and died for all. die that we might live forever. All the children ought to know. Everybody ought to know. Amen. Let's stand tonight. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know who Jesus is. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know who Jesus is. Amen. He's the healer. He's the healer of my body. [Music] He's the savior of my soul. He's the Holy Ghost baptizer. Everybody ought to tell. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Only believe. Amen. Amen. Let's just sing. Only believe as our brother comes. Amen. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. I believe. Jesus. Only Lord. I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. Receive what he has for you tonight. Lord, I receive. Lord, I receive. All things are possible. All things are possible. Lord, I receive. Amen. &gt;&gt; Thank the Lord that he's here, that we have a chance to receive. My prayer in the back before I I came out was that we would be able to leave here with something &gt;&gt; that we didn't have when we came. And that has to be only by the power of the Holy Spirit to do that, right? We in ourselves can't do it, but God can. Let's just look to him in prayer and then we'll get into the word of God. Father, we thank you, Lord, for those of your your people that have gathered out today to worship you, that to fight through uh Lord, the pain and the their bodies, the things of the day, Lord, just to come into your house and to get strengthened by your word. We pray that your presence would be made known through the unveiling and through the revealing of your word today. Lord, may each one of us be so in tune with your spirit today that we would be able to receive from you, Lord, and not from a man. We ask that Lord, you'd give us the grace to get out of the way, Lord, that you would use this vessel to minister. you'd help the people to get out of the way that they may be able to hear what the spirit is saying to the church today. Father, we love you and we thank you, Lord, that you've given us this privilege that the doors are still open, knowing one day they will be closed, Lord, just uh just experiencing and and and hearing about what's going on uh from Lord, just this this shooting and uh what's transpired in these these churches here of late. God, we know it's just the grace of you, Lord, that allows us to be able to come in here under the the safety, Lord, of the Holy Ghost and and have a a a time of worship and and praise and Lord, to receive of your word in in the most uh sacred way. God, we just thank you for this today. Thank you for all that you're doing, Lord, in our lives to to get us ready for the rapture. We praise you for all things now in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Turn with me, if you would, to the book of Psalms uh 127 for our opening scripture today. Psalms 127. The world is getting crazier and crazier. But at the same time that it's getting crazier, God's bride is getting more like Jesus. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's just a promise. We don't have to wait for everything to be perfect in order for us to get ready. &gt;&gt; Amen. Psalms 127 verse number one. Amen. Praise the Lord. All there. &gt;&gt; Amen. Except the Lord build the house, they labor in vain that build it. And except the Lord keep the city, the watchmen walketh but in vain. Amen. God bless you. May be seated. Except the Lord build the house, they labor in vain that build it. And except the Lord keep the city, the watchman uh uh I'm sorry, waketh but in vain. So we need God. We need God. Except the Lord keep the city. The watchman waketh but in vain. In other words, we need God with us. God is the one that must watch over us and watch over our church. He must be the one here to take care of us, to protect us. If you want a a good health, you most likely have to uh have a good doctor to guide you. I would say that to be the truth. You wouldn't want a bad doctor. Brother Brandham says you want to you would want the best doctor if he's going to have do surgery on you. You want to have the best. You wouldn't want someone who hasn't been there. I was listening to a recording while on hold today trying to set up my uh MRI for my shoulder. And as I was listening, this recording came out, automatic recording, and it was talking about lung cancer being uh still the leading cause of cancer death in in uh globally and in the US. It's it's even higher than when you combine prostate, breast, and colon cancer together. Lung cancer is still leading them all. And that was I was really surprised with it because you don't hear much about it. Um, but my dad, he had died of of lung cancer and it's still uh it's still a leading cause. And I would think that if we if we had cancer, we would we would want the very best possible doctor to help guide us through this situation in our life. I like to entitle this message our guide. Except the Lord build the house, they labor in vain that build it. God is the master builder. We have to be perfectly in sync with him. We cannot be calling the shots, &gt;&gt; doing things the way we want to, working when and if we feel like it, or else our labor and our efforts are going to be in vain. God has to be be the one that's building the house. And if I could say it like this, we are God's house. &gt;&gt; We are the temple of the living God. And we need him to to build our house. Now, it's not our natural bodies that's the house of God. &gt;&gt; It we can't even say it, you know, well, we're a human being and and and and we are the temple of the living God. God does not dwell in an unholy temple. He won't do it. Uh uh so it's it's not just him dwelling in anybody. He has to get us to a place where he can come and dwell on us. And it's the the story that we've heard so often about like a cup that's in the the mud and and God comes and he takes that cup out of the mud as if it was never in the mud. And that's justification. And then he takes that cup and he washes it out and cleanses it out and and and gets it ready. And we are washed by the washing or or the water of the word. And he cleanses our life with the word and and we get ready for service, right? But we're still not where we need to be until he comes and he dwells inside of us. &gt;&gt; That that that's the the the baptism of the Holy Ghost and and then we become a temple of the living God. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; In fact, um let's just read a little bit about that. That's 2 Corinthians 6:14. If you want to write it down, the Bible says, "Be not unequally yolked together with unbelievers? For what fellowship have righteousness with unrighteousness? And what communion have light with darkness? And what concord have Christ with bile? Or what part have he that believeth with an infidel? Or what agreement have the temple of God with idols? You can see that there's a contrast. God's saying there's a contrast. Not everybody who says they believe are believers. For you are the temple of the living God. As God has said, I will dwell in them and walk in them and I will be their God and they shall be my people. You are the temple of the living God, he says. So what do we ought to do first? Wherefore come out from among them, and be ye separate, saith the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing, and I will receive you. &gt;&gt; So there's a step that we have to take first. And I will be a father unto you, and you shall be my sons and daughters, sayaeth the Lord Almighty. So many so many people want to be the temple of God, but they don't want to come out of the world. &gt;&gt; Amen. And that's not how it goes. You can't just say I'm saved. I'm a temple of God. God dwells in human body. It's not like that. It's it's there's a part that we have to play in order for the Holy Ghost to come in. And this is why I think there's so many people's lives get messed up and get so confused is because they try to take on Christianity without the gospel, without going the way the word tells us to go. So the first step we must take is to become the temple of the living God is we must separate ourselves from being yolked together with unbelievers from fellowshipping with unrighteousness having communion with darkness and we must take a stand and separate ourselves from all the worldly influences. If they if we're if we're listening if we're we're paying attention to the worldliness it's going to creep in our life and it's going to choke out the word. Amen. Wherefore come out from among them, and be ye separate, sayeth the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing, and I will receive you. The Bible says, and once we made that decision to separate, now God can receive us, and he can begin to build his house in us, the way he wants things to be done. Because his thoughts are higher than our thoughts. His ways are higher than our ways. His way of doing things is different than our way of doing things. He is the master builder. And unless God builds the house, they that labor labor in vain. God does things different than we do things. For example, if I was going to impart onto my one of my children um some good uh virtues and some good uh character in life, I would sit down with them and and I would give them some good counsel and I would tell them now you just stay away from these things and and you do this and and and you will get uh what you need uh to be in the character of Jesus Christ. But that ain't the way that God does things. The way that God does things is he sends fiery trials into your life because character is molded into trial. And that's why he's the master builder. He's the one that we got to follow. We can't just do things our way and try to become a good Christian our way. We've got to come in God's way. &gt;&gt; Oh, I love the word. Love the word. God's ways are different than our ways. Beloved, think not strange the fiery trials which is to try you as though some strange things happen unto you. My brethren, count it all joy when you fall into diverse temptation, knowing this that the trying of your faith, it works patience. And let patience have its perfect work that you may be perfect and entire wanting nothing. You know, my way of getting patience would be different. God, please give me patience. I want patience. See, God's got to be the one building the character. It can't be our way of of of doing things. We need God to be our guide in building our house. Except the Lord build you the house, they labor in vain that build it. Except the Lord build our character a a place for him to dwell in. Are it's going to be in vain. Only God can build character. And what he does is he teaches us to overcome things because brother Brandham said character is not a gift, it's a victory. So we have to face a trial and and and stare at that trial and say I will not be overcome of this trial. I will overcome this trial with a trust in God with a a a a purpose that God is going to work this out for my good. And I'm going to trust him through I'm going to give him glory through the trial. I'm going to praise him at the beginning. I'm going to praise him in the middle. I'm going to trust him that he's going to take me out of this fiery furnace, that he's going to meet me there. And that's what an overcomer does. An overcomer doesn't just say, "God can do it." And you murmur and complain through the whole thing and then when things work out at the end, we say, "Yeah, I know God was in it all the way." No, we give him praise all the way through. Remember Jesus saying, "I go to prepare a place for you and where I am there you may be also." &gt;&gt; In other words, without us changing, we will not be ready for heaven. I go to prepare a place for you that where you're at, you're going to be able to come and be with me. In other words, God is not changing to come with us. We have to change to come to be with God. &gt;&gt; So let's pick that up in John 14:2 says, "In my father's house, are many mansions. If it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you. And if I go to prepare a place for you, I will come again and I'll bow to receive you unto myself that where I am, you can be in the same place." and and whether I go, you know, and you know the way. And Thomas said, 'Lord, we know not whether you're going and we don't even know the way. And Jesus said, I am the way. I'm the truth. I'm the life and no man can come unto the father but by me. Jesus is saying that he is the guide to eternal life. He is the guide to building the home. He is the place. He is the one that we need so personally in our life that our our lives begin to display what the Bible really says. Jesus said in St. John 16 verse 13, "How be it when he, the Spirit of truth is come, he will guide you into all truth. For he shall not speak of himself, but whatsoever he hears, that shall he speak, and he shall show you things to come." Now that word guide it means to show the way. It means to teach. It means to lead. This is why we need the Holy Ghost. Because our way of thinking, you know, somebody can talk you into something, somebody can talk you out of it. But if God talks you into something, nobody's going to talk you out of it. I've I've experienced a number of times talking with people that they were convinced that they were going to stay with the word, stay with the truth. That's what they they told me. But what happened? They started talking to another person. They started getting under the influence of another person and all of a sudden they changed their mind. Well, at that time it was pretty obvious to me that God never revealed it to them. It it it it came it was just under the influence of a human being because when God reveals the truth to you, you stay with it. And that's why we need the Holy Ghost to guide us. It's not good enough for brother John to guide us. It it it's it's not even good enough to say um well, you know, this is the way I I had somebody tell me today, you know, we just made a a decision that we're just, you know, we're we're we're going to raise our family um wi with our our family's church. Like you know, brother Bam says, don't choose your church like you chose your wife, right? In other words, don't make it such a light choosing. It's an important decision. And you know, marrying who you're going to marry is the most important decision, right? But people have made so light of that God said, "This is the word of God. This is your eternal destiny." And you need to be careful about making a decision of where you're going to go to church because they can either preach to you a compromised gospel that will never make a rapture no matter how enjoyable it is to be in church. &gt;&gt; Or you can go to a church where you're going to hear the truth and have an opportunity to make a rapture. &gt;&gt; Because just going to the church doesn't get you in a rapture. &gt;&gt; You've got to you've got to adhere to the word of God. Amen. &gt;&gt; Jesus says is expedient that I go away. If I go not away, the comforter will not come to guide us. To guide us where? To guide us into a new nature. To guide us into the image of Jesus Christ. To guide us into the statue of a perfect man. The Bible says that we've been predestinated to be conformed to the image of God. Now, how do we get there? We need a guide. We need something to to show us the way. God has built a a mansion for us. And like I said, I want to entitle this our guide. I want to entitle this message our guide. And a guide is someone who is a person that who advises or shows the way to others. It's a real simple definition. And we've heard of of uh guides. They're hunting guides. They take you. How many's ever been uh guided in a hunting guide before? Okay. How about a fishing guide? Has anybody been under a fishing guide? Oh, right. A trapper guide. I mean, uh I've had a guy come out and uh this guy was so good. He knows how to get beavers on. We got problems with the beavers on our property. And I've tried different things, right? Boy, I've tried all different things getting beavers. But when you get somebody who knows how to get beavers, he can get he got results. I mean, he one he brought in like a whole family. There had to be like I don't know there was like six or seven. I wish Ann was here and one of them was the biggest one he ever caught. He wanted it as a trophy. But he was a guide and he he's a trapper and he knows how to do it. I I couldn't do it without him. How be it when the spirit of truth has come, he will guide you into all truth. He will show you the way. He will lead you. Not us and oursel and our ability. We're going to decide this way or that way. No. Except the Lord build the house. They that labor labored in vain. We need God to guide us into the statue of a perfect man. Amen. Into the image of Jesus Christ into a spiritual promised land. We need God to guide us into that. Be honest. We've never been to a promised land. We've never been to the spiritual promise. I have never been to the image of Jesus Christ. I've never been to the statue of a perfect man. I've never been there. I need a guide to get there. And I don't want the blind leading the blind. They both fall in the ditch, &gt;&gt; right? I need somebody who knows. And who is that? God. God himself. So, what does that do for us? knowing that God himself is to guide us. We need to get more serious about calling on God for God to fill us with himself to lead us &gt;&gt; because it's on the inside. The Bible says you have no need that any man teach you. But the Holy Ghost inside of you teaches you all things. And we need that for our lives. If there's one thing that we should do more than anything is spend time seeking the Holy Ghost because in doing that we will be fulfilling. lay aside everything until you get perfect love. Because perfect love is the Holy Ghost. It is the It is the Holy Ghost. That's what God is. God is love. And if we don't spend time seeking that and we're just depending on, well, I'll make it the church. I'll listen to the preaching of the word and somehow I'll change. That is not how it happens. You hear the word of God and you say, God, I want that for my life. And that's how it comes. Jesus said, "Enter ye in at the straight gate, because straight is the gate, narrow is the way that leth unto life, and few be that find it." If few people truly find the way to eternal life, then they need a guide to guide them there. It's not good enough. You know, many people are not going to make it that were in the message. How many people were in the message and got influenced by quotes that they did not understand and left the message, end up calling the prophet false, never had a revelation of who he was. I mean, think about they didn't the 70 disciples that walked with Jesus, they didn't understand either. Even Peter said about Paul, there certain things about Paul that are hard to understand. But you don't throw the baby out with the bathwater. You you Brother Brand told us you learn to set things on the shelf, right? You don't understand something. He said, "Set it on the shelf." You you you're eating chicken. You run into the bone. You don't just throw the whole meal away. &gt;&gt; And and and you're you're eating a pie and it's a cherry pie and you come into a pit. You don't say this pie is terrible. You you take the pit out and you keep eating. &gt;&gt; And it's the same thing when we don't hear something we don't just totally agree with. We don't quite understand it. Set it on the shelf &gt;&gt; because God will reveal it to you. &gt;&gt; We need a guide to help us. And the Bible says that for so an entrance shall be ministered unto you abundantly into the everlasting kingdom of our Lord and our Savior Jesus Christ. An entrance to entering in is going to be ministered to us. And it's ministered to us through a fivefold ministry. Can you say amen? And he gave some apostles, prophets, evangelists, pastors, and teachers for the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ, till we all come into unity and the knowledge of the son of God, unto a perfect man, unto the measure and the statue of the fullness of Christ. I know we don't got that, but if you want to write it down, it's Ephesians chapter 4. Why do we need this? that we henceforth be no more children, tossed to and fro, and carried about with every wind of doctrine by the slight of men, the cunning craftiness whereby they lie and wait to deceive. You see, we're in an area that there's so many churches. I remember when I first gave my heart to God, I had enough uh I was raised Catholic and I went to church and uh I certainly didn't understand all the uh the weird stuff that happens in the church there. It just didn't make sense to me. And of course, I was a a child and I thought, well, maybe maybe it's because I'm a child and I don't understand. But as I grew up enough that I could sit down and have a meeting with the priest and begin to ask him questions, things that they did that were contrary to the word. Then I learned that his church was above the word of God and they had power to change the word of God. And I thought, God don't need any help with his word. &gt;&gt; He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And he doesn't change. So therefore, the church was changing. The the pope had the power to change. I'm not saying anything that is not everybody knows. So I remember leaving that in my heart, that church, coming out, being separated from that And I remember, God, I just need you to guide me what church to go to. I don't know which one to go to. There were so many of them. &gt;&gt; And that's when God showed me that he's he's in his word and not just a man-made church. And God led by the grace of God to the message of the hour. But I think it was because what we know is because there's inside of all of us there's a predestination, right? There's that seed and somehow we all got testimonies of how we come. But I'm saying if there would not been a hunger for me, God guide me. God show me. &gt;&gt; People sit in message churches for years and they're never changed &gt;&gt; because they're not seeking out for the guide to to guide them in their heart. And they sit in church, they hear the word of God, and they don't want to change. they find a reason to not even they they have find a reason not to come to church and and you know I'm not discouraged in this aspect because the Bible told me years ago that there would be a falling away and it's it's really a perfecting time. It's a time where the bride is being perfected just like those that are of the seed of the world. They're they're manifesting too. They're the whole world's becoming more and more evil. in in our men's meeting, we're talking about there's such a a a compromise happening and and and and and people um they they don't really they're looking for a reason not to go all the way with God, just to be lukewarm and and to to enjoy entertainment and and they want other things of God. But now the Bibles, I just want to finish this up. But God has given us a five-fold ministry. Um, so that we're not tossed to and fro, that we're more established, that we don't have to keep learning the same thing over and over, that we we we know what the word says and we just make a decision in our heart, we're going to start doing it, and we're going to be faithful to it. Amen. but speaking the truth in love may grow up into him in all things which is the head even Christ and a lot of people they don't want to grow up in all things just want to just you know grow up a little bit but not too much because you know what growing up you know what that means responsibility responsibility from whom the whole body fitly joined together compacted by every by which every joint supplieth according to the effectual working in the measure of every part, making increase of the body unto the edifying of itself in love. Now, I love that. That's a deep verse. So, inside my my shoulder, I had damage done to one of my muscles. And literally, I cannot lift my left arm. That's it. And it kills when I do that. But I can do it here. And so what this is, and I'm not sure, I'm just I'm gonna get the MRI, but there's a a muscle there that is just not allowing it to happen. So I don't know if it's severed. I don't know what happened there, but what they're doing is that um everything around that muscle, they're building all the other muscles around it, and they're building that joint. And I'm doing all kinds of exercises that don't have to do with just reaching out and turn the faucet on because I can't even do that. And so it's trying to build that area so it can supply what is needed to help. And that's what we should be doing as a body of Christ. That we should literally be helping one another. We we shouldn't be just, you know, the the church is for me. No, the the church is to help somebody. That's how we grow. And if you look at it, a lot of times people who view the church is the church is there to help me and my problem. They are the people that never grow. They are the people that end up walking away. Because here's the thing, it is more blessed to give than to receive. And when you give, God just has a way of giving back to you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You don't wait for somebody to give to you. God gives to you. and he gives in great ways. Now, we've never been perfected before and we need a guide and that guide is the Holy Ghost. How many can say you've never been perfected before? Okay, so except the Lord build the house, right? We need him to build the perfection in us. So, again, it's all about God being our guide, the Holy Ghost being our guide. Now, we can identify this on a question and answers. We're going to take a test. Okay. Who's our guide? God. Who's our guide? The Holy Ghost. Who's our guide? The word of God. We can all answer that. But can we say, "I woke up and God guided me. I had this question. I had this situation and God told me what to do and I did it." &gt;&gt; Because that's what needs to happen. And that the only way that's going to happen is when we say, "God, I need you to guide me. I need you to show me what to do and not to depend on anything else except God. Except the Lord build the house." They labor in vain that build it. That's why we I I say to the wives in the church, we cannot depend on our husband to build the house. That's a God's truth. We are depending on God in our husbands to build the house. We don't we don't put the responsibility on our husbands to do what only God can do. God has to be the one building our home, building our relationships, building our families, building our character. It is God that works in us both to will and to do of his good pleasure. Amen. Psalms 31:2 says, "Bow down thine ear to me and deliver me speedily." We all should be able to relate to this. Um, "Be thou my strong rock for a house of defense to save me." We all need that. For thou art my rock, my fortress. Therefore, thy for thy name's sake lead me and guide me. Pull me out of the net that they have laid privately for me, for thou art my strength. We've all been in situations where we need help pulled out of it. We need a rock to stand on. We need a a fortress to to to to hide behind. We need someone to deliver us speedily. And who is that? God. God's the one that can do that. And we need to depend on God, not our own intellect. How are we going to fight this thing? How are we going to do this thing? How are we going to figure this out? No, we're leaning upon the arm of flesh when we do that. We need God. Amen. Acts 7:47. Acts chapter 7 verse 47. I believe this is Stephen here and he's he's speaking here. He says, "But Solomon built him a house." Built him a house. Built God a house. Remember, God told David, "You shed too much blood." Even though he had the desire to build a house for God, he couldn't do it. Said Solomon's going to do it. And Solomon built him a house. How be it, the Most High dwelleth not in temples made with hands, sayeth the prophet. Heaven is my throne and earth, this globe that we are in is God's foottool. What house will you build me? Sayeth the Lord. Or what is the place of my rest? Have not my hands made all these things? So God is not looking at our abilities. He's not looking at what we can do. Except the Lord build the house. They labor in vain that build it. But if we let God build the house and we just do what he tells us to do, our labor will not be in vain. It will accomplish a rapture for the bride. For let us be glad and rejoice for his wife have made herself ready. She's taken the word that God's given her and she's dressed herself with it and she's made ready for the marriage supper. Hallelujah. Except the Lord build our character for him to dwell in, all of our labor of trying to be a good Christian is going to be in vain. There were 10 virgins. Five were foolish. Five were wise. The five that were wise, they took oil. They got the guide. The other didn't. They said, "We can make it without the Holy Ghost. We don't have to get serious about seeking the Holy Ghost. I'll tell you, as soon as we reach that age of accountability, we need to be seeking the Holy Ghost. Too often, we just come into church and we play church and we just go through the motions of church and and and we don't get serious enough with God. I don't understand why we just don't get real serious with God because if we do, we'll end up getting other people to Christ. Verse 51 of of Acts chapter 7 verse 51 says, "You stiff necked and uncircumcised in your heart and in your ears, you do always resist what?" Not the preacher. You resist the Holy Ghost as your fathers did. So do you. The Holy Ghost, the living word of God is our guide to our nature change. And if we keep resisting the Holy Ghost, then we're never going to get the nature change. &gt;&gt; We may get a form of godliness, but we'll deny the power thereof. So, we need to have this hunger for the guide to live inside of us and not just to tell us in our ear what to do, but to live inside of us to get up and say, "I've got the guide. He's He's living in me. He's He's leading and guiding me into all truth." Because that's what he promised to do when he comes into our heart. Matthew chapter 7 verse 24. Therefore, Jesus speaking, whosoever heareth these sayings of mine, and doeth them, I will liken him unto a wise man, which built his house upon a rock, and the rains just said, the floods came, the winds blew, and beat upon the house, and it fell not, for it was founded upon a rock. If I could just say it like this, this rains descend, the floods came and the winds blew. This represents all the most terrible trials that you can have in life and it blows upon your life. But if you're standing upon the word of God, you're not going to get bent out of shape. &gt;&gt; You're going to be standing You're you're not going to allow things to constantly get you off track and and and and and and cause you to be acting the same way you would if you were back in the world, right? Acting like the world like this shouldn't be happening like as if God is out of control or something. So we that happens because we don't take God's word and live by it every single day because that's what this means. You're building your house every single day. You don't build your house at church. You build your house every day when you get up and you say, "I want God to be in my life. I really want God to be in my life." Verse 26. And everyone that heareth the word of God and doesn't do it, hears these things of mine, and doeth them not, shall be likened unto a foolish person which built his house upon the sand. So it look, you know, like a a a decent house, but it won't stand. and the rains said, the floods came, the winds blew and beat upon the house and it fell and great was the fall of it. So you see it wasn't built upon the word of God. Like let's say for instance, brother Marty's a good example of this. I mean the I've I've never known brother Marty not to pay his tithe. Never in my entire life have I ever ever ever not seen him pay his tithe. Now, the Bible tells us that if we pay our tithes faithfully that we will be blessed beyond measure that we won't be able to contain the blessings of God. And if I was to ask brother Marty, brother Marty, have you been h what the blessings that came to you, did they come because other people gave you money? No. No. Because God is the one that does the blessings. But if we only pay our tithes part-time, half time, 3/4 time, we do not have the promise of being blessed as if we were faithful paying our tithes. &gt;&gt; So we build our house upon the word of God. We hear it, we do it, and we receive the blessings of it. And that's how simple it works. Except the Lord build your house. They labor in vain that build it. Except the Lord keep the city. The watchman waketh but in vain. We need God. We man must live by every word that proceedth out of the mouth of God. All right. Turn with me to Acts chapter 8. We have a couple. We're not going to be able to get through anything everything. But you know what's new? What is new about that? Right. We knew that. We know that's coming. We knew that before you were coming up here to the pulpit. Acts chapter 8 verse 26. And the angel of the Lord spake unto Philillip, saying, "Arise, and go toward the south, unto the way that goeth down from Jerusalem unto Gaza, which is desert." And he arose and went, behold, a man of Ethiopia, a unic of great authority under Candace, queen of Ethiopians, who had the charge of all her treasures, and had come to Jerusalem for to worship. And he was returning sitting in his chariot, and he read uh uh the book of Isaiah. And the spirit uh saith unto Philillip, go near and join thyself to this chariot. And Philip ran thither to him and heard him read uh the prophet uh Isaas and saith, understand thou what you're reading? Do you understand what you're reading in the Bible? And he said, "How can I understand except some man should guide me?" And he desiring Philillip that he would come up and sit with him. The place of the scripture which he read was this. He was led as sheep as a sheep to the slaughter. And like a lamb dumb before a shear, so opened he not his mouth. In his humiliation, his judgment was taken away. Who shall declare his generation? For his life is taken from the earth. And the unic answered Philillip and said, I pray thee, of whom speaketh the prophet this of himself or of some other man? And Philip opened his mouth and began at the same scripture and preached unto him Jesus. And as they went their way, they came into a certain water. And the unic said, "See here is water. What does hinder me to be baptized?" And Philip said, "If thou believe with all your heart, that's the first criteria. You got to believe with all your heart, thou mayaest." And he and he answered and said, "I believe that Jesus Christ is the son of God." And he commanded the chariot to stand still. And they went down in both into the water, both Philip and the unic. and he baptized him. And when he and when they were come up out of the water, the spirit of the Lord caught away Philillip that the unic saw him no more and he went on his way rejoicing and Philillip was found at Azotus and passing through he preached in the cities till he came to Cesaria. This is what I want to say. Did Philillip guide him? Did Philip guide him? This is I don't mean this to be a trick question. I mean in one sense Philip guided him the the unic but in another sense it was really God that was building the house in the unic and he just used Philillip to get the word to him. You understand what I'm saying? But it wasn't Philillip's oh I think I'm gonna go do this. It was being led by God, inspired by God to go do it. And God wants to be our guide. God wants to help us in our life, our everyday, everyday school, work, marriage, kids, parents. He wants to guide us in that because we don't know the way. But God knows the way and he wants to guide us there. But there has to be a real relationship. You know, a lot of times I believe God comes and speaks to us and we don't know it is God. I mean, brother Dennis was speaking in our our men's meeting talking about a lot of times God is speaking to us, but we're not listening. He's telling us what to do, but we got a better idea. We want to do something different. And so often, you know, people made the decisions, "Oh, I don't need church anymore." They're listening to a wrong voice. &gt;&gt; They may in their mind be able to say, "Well, this is why, but that ain't the way of that ain't the word way." &gt;&gt; You'll never find a church, never find a church without problems. &gt;&gt; And you know what? Problems build character. Right? I mean, can you imagine having seven kids? And since the kids couldn't get along, I said, "Yeah, you all got to sit in different houses." No, they had to learn to work together and work through things. And you know what I did most of my time? Taught them how to work together. You can't leave them by theirel to figure it out. They need a guide. This is how you handle this. This is what you do in this situation. And then they learn to do that next time. And sometimes you got to keep doing it and keep doing it. And sometimes it don't seem like they some of them get it, right? But but you keep working with them because there's no chance that they're going to get it if you don't work with them. We all need a guide. Brother Brandham taught us that we parents are the Holy Ghost to our children until they get it. Now, here's some I've got some children, they're adults now. They got the Holy Ghost. And I've got some children that don't have the Holy Ghost. Some adult children that don't have the Holy Ghost, but I'm still the Holy Ghost to them until they get the Holy Ghost. You understand? We all need a guide. We need a guide. And I I I think the greatest thing we could do is get the Holy Ghost at the earliest age that we can. Turn with me if you would to First Corinthians chapter 3. 1 Corinthians chapter 3. And starting with verse number one. And you know this is a funny thing, but I I'm not hearing the pages of the Bible. You know, turn And I think we should be hearing the pages, you know, of the Bible's turn and and not not not relying on this. Um, the only reason this is for this is for our visitors when they don't bring their Bible. No, God God bless you. Just at least write it down and go back to read it when you can when you're at home. And I and I, brethren, I could not speak unto you as as you were spiritual, but as uh as unto carnal, even as unto babes in Christ. I have fed you with milk and not with meat. For hitherto you were not able to to actually eat the meat. And neither yet now are you able to to eat it. Everybody understands that a baby cannot eat meat. It can only take milk. It has to get to a certain age and then they got to start they got to you know get Gerber baby food and you get the squash that's you don't and the the the potatoes and the peas and and it all just looks like yuck, right? And then they get a little bit older and then there's this plate and you take a couple peas and you go like this and they're able to and they build their weight up to eating meat. And so it is with Christians. Sometimes they're not able to stomach that they can pay their tithes because they don't have enough trust in God Almighty. They have to wait till all the bills are paid and then they'll pay their tithes. They're still babes in Christ. But there comes to a place where we put away these things and we just take God at his word. &gt;&gt; And there's no longer I have to understand it or feel it or agree. I know it's the truth. I'm going to do it. That's a person you can feed me. You may go to church for six months. You may go to church for 16 years. It don't make you any more able. It just all depends on where your heart is at. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; All right. Verse number three. For ye are yet carnal. For whereas there is among you, now he's defining what a carnal person is, envying, strife, divisions. Are ye not carnal Christians? And you walk as men and not even as believers. In other words, believers should never have envy and strife divisions. Can you say amen to that? I &gt;&gt; think we can say amen to that. For while one saith, "Oh, I like this church. I like that church. I'm a Paul. I'm another. I am of Apollos. Are you not carnal? For then is who is Paul? Who then is Paul? And who is Apollos? But ministers by whom you believed, even as the Lord gave to every man. I have planted Apollos watered but God is the one that gives the increase in her life. So then neither is he that planteth anything or or or neither he that waterth but God that giveth the increase. So I like this. Here's Paul talking to a real carnal church and he says, "You know what? I'm nothing. I'm nothing. Just because I plant, I'm still nothing. And and and and he need that water. They're nothing because God is the one that's got to give the increase. Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, um let's let's continue on. Now, he that planteth and he that waterth are one, and everyone shall receive his own reward according to his own labor. So if there is a person, he's planting a lot of seed and then there's somebody whose waters like only half of the time, the one who's doing work all the time, he's going to receive a greater reward on the other side. Not this side necessarily, it's on the other side. That's where you because down here things don't seem to be fair, right? Plus, we don't know all that we're doing till we get to the other side. For we have we are laborers together with God. Ye are God's husbandry and ye are and you are God's building. I want to get to this. You are God's building and God's building you, right? For we are laborers together with God. We don't labor in vain. We don't say, "Well, you know, that that that that minister is carnal or or or that that person is carnal or I don't want to talk to them because of this or there's strife, there's envy. Uh I I I got a problem over here." You don't do that. That's carnal. What you do is you lay down your life to help that person. I don't know how to help them. Then spend more time in prayer because we got to learn to start helping and building according to the grace of God which is given unto me. Now Paul's calling himself a master builder. I have laid the foundation and another build thereon. But let every man take heed how he build thereon. I want you to understand when Paul's saying here I am a master builder uh the Bible tells us that we uh that we are built upon the foundation o of of the apostles Jesus Christ himself being the chief the foundation and the chief cornerstone as it were. So when when Paul's talking here I am the wise master builder he wrote 14 books of the New Testament. That is really God in Paul as a master builder. &gt;&gt; It isn't Paul taking the place of God. Because remember, unless unless the Lord build the house, they labor in vain that build it. So Paul, he was doing exactly what God told him to do. Now when when Paul was building God's house, what was he doing? He was persecuting the church. He was killing Christians, right? He was getting letters that he can kill everybody that was trying to walk with God. That was that was Saul. That was Saul building God's church. And God took him and he slapped him across the face and threw him off his horse and said, "What are you doing? You're you're you're kicking against the pricks. It's you're you're you're not helping me. You're persecuting me. And God got a hold of of of Saul. And Saul got serious with God. And you know what he did? He got so serious that he spent three and a half years seeking the Holy Ghost. And he knew the word like nobody knew it. His taught under the great teacher of Galia. But he sought to get the teacher inside of him. And then everything began to make sense. That's why Paul could write the New Testament, bring out scriptures from the Old and tie it in and show this is Jesus Christ because he had the guide. He was the master build. He laid the foundation. He got the 14 books of the Bible according verse 10 um verse uh verse 10. According to the grace of God given unto me as a wise master build, I laid the foundation another build. said, "Let every man take heed how he build thereon." In other words, make sure you do exactly what I said. In fact, one place he said, "If an angel come ministering any other thing that I preached unto you, let him be accursed. If any man preaches any other thing that I've already laid, let him be accursed. For other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ." Now if any man build upon this foundation, gold, silver, precious stone, wood, hay, and stubble, what is that referring to? Natural things, our own understanding, our own figuring out, our own analyzing, our own intellect. But every man's work shall be made manifest. For the day shall declare it, because it shall be revealed by what? Test and trials, and fire shall try every man's work of what sort it is. If you want to know what you really have, it's real simple. Go through a trial and see how you act. Anybody can say, "Praise God," when things are going the way you want to go. But you you know you go through trials and all of a sudden there's murmuring, there's complaining, there's upset, there's excuses. I don't feel like doing it because a trial manifests what's on the inside. That's what trials do. They reveal to you where you're standing. And so when you know you're standing, you can say, "God, help me. Fill me with more of you." Amen. Let's stand together. God bless you. So, I don't know if you're going to be happy about this or sad, but we probably have 10 more scriptures that we didn't do. Praise the Lord. Can we Can we sing each step of the way? I I want you to know it's on your list of songs that you can play by ear. In fact, there was one last service that was like that, too. Good years. [Music] I think you got it. &gt;&gt; Can we Okay. All right. Let's just sing um draw um draw me near. I am thine, oh, Lord, I have heard thy voice and it told thy love to me. But I long to rise in the arms of faith and be closer drawn to thee. Draw me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord, to the cross where thou has died. Draw me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord, to thy preious leading son. Consecrate me now to thy service, Lord, by the power of grace divine. Let my soul look up with a steadfast hope and I will be lost in thine. Draw me nearer. Call me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord, preious bleeding sun. Oh, the pure delight of a single hour that before thy throne I spend. When I kneel in prayer and with thy God, I commune as friend with friend. Draw me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord, to the cross where thou has died. Draw me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord, to thy preious bleing son. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's sing hold to God's unchanging hand. He is our guide to guide us out of here. Time is filled with swift transition. Not of earth unmoved can stand. Build your hope some things eternal. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh, to God's unchanging hands. Oh, to God's unchanging hand. Your hopes on things eternal. [Music] Hold to God's unchanging hand. Trust in him who will not leave you whatsoever years may bring. If my earthly friends forsake, what are you going to do? Still more closely to him clinging. Hold to God's unchanging hand. hand. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Build your hopes on things eternal. [Music] Boom.
