################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-11 - 5.11.25 - El Shaddai - John Martin - John Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-11
Title:   5.11.25 - El Shaddai - John Martin
Speaker: John Martin
Church:  Send The Light Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nsWqsIMnjsA
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Just to be near him, to feel his presence. I have a longing in my heart for him. him. Longing, longing for Jesus. I have a longing in my heart for him, just to be near him, to feel his presence. I have a longing in my heart for [Applause] him. Amen. Amen. Let's sing I love him. Amen. Do you love him this morning? I love him. [Music] I love him because he first loved me and purchase my salvation on Calories. [Music] dream. I love him. [Music] I love him because he first love me and purchase my salvation on Calary [Music] Amen. I'm glad he made the sacrifice. Amen. Amen. Can I ask Brother Mike if he'll just open in a word of prayer? Amen. Amen. Oh, going to make you stand. Just give me that old time religion. Amen. It's that old timely spirit and the devil won't go near it. That's the reason people fear it. But it's good enough for me. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. It's good enough for me. It will make you stop your lying. It will save you when you're dying. It will start the devil flying. And it's good enough for me. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. It's good enough for me. It's so good. I want no other. And it makes me love my brother. And it brings things from undercover, but it's good enough for me. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. It's good enough for me. It's the old time movie spirit and the devil won't go near it. That's the reason people fear it. But it's good enough for me. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. It's good enough for me. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. It's good enough for me. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Amen. Amen. One day it'll come down and get in you, take you out of this place. Amen. Great is thy faithfulness. I'm grateful for that. Amen. Great is thy faithfulness, oh Lord my father. There is no shadow of turning with thee. Thou changest not thy compassions they fail not. As thou hast been, thou forever will be. Great is thy faithfulness. Great is thy faithfulness. Morning by morning, new mercies I see. All I have needed, thy handath proided. Great is thy faithfulness, Lord, unto me. Summer and winter and springtime and harvest, sun, moon, and stars in their courses above. Join with all nature and manifold witness to thy great faithfulness, glory, and love. Great is thy faithfulness. Great is thy faithfulness. Morning by morning, new mercies I see. All I have needed, thy hand hath proided. Great is thy faithfulness, Lord, unto me. pardon for sin and a peace that endureth. Thine only promise to cheer and to guide. Strength for today and bright hope for tomorrow. Amen. him all mine and 10,000 beside. Great is thy faithfulness. Great is thy faithfulness. Morning by morning, new mercy I see. All I have needed thy hand hath proided. Great is thy [Applause] faithfulness, my God to me. Great is thy faithfulness. Great is thy faithfulness. Morning by morning, new mercies I see. All I have needed, thy hand hath proided. Great is thy faithfulness, Lord, unto me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. If you if you sing that throughout the day and flat tires aren't going to bother you. Leaky faucets not going to bother you. Not being, you know, having problems. You just say, "Oh, new mercy. I found new mercy. He helped me. He did this. He did that. He He's faithful." I love that. Amen. Count your blessings this morning. Amen. While upon life billows you are tempest tossed. When you are discouraged thinking all is lost. Count your many blessings. Name them one by one. And it will surprise you what the Lord hath done. Count your blessings. Name them one by one. Count your blessings. See what God hath done. Count your blessings. Name them one by one. Count your many blessings. See what God had done. Are you ever burdened with a load of care? Think the cross is heavy you are called to bear. Count your many blessing every doubt will fly and you will be singing as the day goes by. Count your blessing. Name them one by one. Count your blessings. See what God had done. Count your blessings. Name them one by one. Count your many blessings. See what God had done. When you look at others with their wings and gold, think that Christ has promised you the wealth untold. Counter many blessings. Angels will attend your on high. Count your blessings, name them one by one. Count your blessings, see what God had done. Count your blessings, name them one by one. Count your many blessings one hath done. So amidst a conflict, whether great or small, do not be discouraged. God is over all. Count your many blessings angels will attend. Help and constant give you to your journey. And count your blessings. Name them one by one. Count your blessings. See what God had done. Count your blessings. Name them one by one. Count your many blessings. See what God had done. Count your blessings. Name them one by one. Count your many blessings. See what God hath done. Amen. Amen. Sister Cheryl did it. Praise the Lord. Amen. Count your blessings. Amen. I I'm always grateful. I am so grateful the things that God has done for me. I realize that I could not do it. And that's where you start. When you realize that all the things that you have, God gave you. Everything he gave your food, food on the table, place to live, clothes on your back, he makes a way. Amen. He makes a way where there seemth to be no way. And sometimes the way seems dark and scary and everything else, but if you just go, "Great is thy faithfulness." Amen. He will guide me. He said he would. Amen. Amen. This morning, as we take up our prayer requests, let's remember those things. Uh, Sister Lori needs prayer. She has a bad cold. Want to remember her. We also want to remember brother Ron's grandson Evan as he's the doctors are working on trying to find out why he's having seizures. So we just want to remember that. Um also sister Linda says please pray for Naomi Beckman and she's having important medical tests this week for her to have strength and trust in the Lord's healing in her body and also for her family. God will just keep her. Amen. Sister Linda Helm says, "Please, blessings to all the moms today and also pray for the unsaved friends that are moms so that they may raise their children up in the Jesus's love." Amen. So remember to pray one for another and the missionaries say labor. Amen. Amen. Let's remember brother Marty. Um God will just strengthen him and help him. So also remember sister uh Genie is back. God will just take care of it. It's easy to say, right? It's easy to say because I don't feel no pain. Sister Genie feels pain. That's right. Those that are dying of cancer, Sister Elizabeth, Brother Bill Bailey, they need faith. Amen. Faith. confidence because the evidence before them. Amen. Amen. So, let's all stand together this morning. Let's just take these prayer requests, join our voices together. Amen. Dear Lord Jesus, we're so grateful for your blessings. We're so grateful for your faith. We're so grateful for your mercy, your grace that you extended to us, Lord. Even though we're unworthy, there's nothing request. Heavenly Father, you see the burn of her heart. I pray that you just bless that you'll bless them Lord this morning. I pray fathers Lord as she goes heavenly father bless her Lord in her journey. Heavenly father may lift her up. May you be close to her. May you remember sister pray to his heart. Pray father Lord for sister genie's back lord back his legs brother Jesus whatever afflictions he has prayer this morning her heart may just come bless brother John may you speak father every heart may you reveal the secret things the hidden Lord Jesus, I pray you come be our guest this morning. Lord, we love you. We thank you, Father, for all these things. In Jesus Christ, Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. So, we want to remind everyone that Brother Daryl Ward is coming next weekend. So, we'll have a special service on Saturday night at 6 6 PM and then of course on Sunday at 10. So, pray for those meetings. Amen. Pray somebody will get on fire. It's a good thing to do. Amen. Amen. What a day that will be. Amen. [Music] There is coming a day when no heartache shall come. No more clouds in the sky. No more tears to dim the eye. All is peace forever more on that happy golden shore. What a day, glorious day that will be. What a day that will be when my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who saved me by his grace. And he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land. What a day, glorious day that will be. There'll be no sorrow there. No more burdens to bear. No more sickness. No pain. No more parting over there. And forever I will be with the one who died for me. What a day, glorious day that will be. What a day that will be. When my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who saved me by his grace. When he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land. What a day, glorious day that will be. What a day that will be. When my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who saved me by his grace. When he takes me by his hand and leads me through the promised land. What a day, glorious day that will be. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Let's all stand together. Amen. God answers prayer. Brother Marty showed up. We just prayed for you, Brother Marty. I know you can't hear that on the radio in your car, but God knew. Amen. Amen. I'm gonna ask Brother Orlando if he'll just pray over the offering. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. I feel like traveling on. Amen. My heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling on. No pain nor death can enter there. I feel like traveling on. Yes, I feel like traveling on. I feel like traveling on. My heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling up. It's glittering towers. The sun outshine. I feel like traveling up. That heavenly mansion shall be mine. I feel like traveling up. Yes, I feel like traveling on. I feel like traveling on. My heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling on. Let others seek a home below. I feel like traveling on which starv or waves overflow. I feel like traveling on. Yes, I feel like traveling on. I feel like traveling on. My heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling on. The Lord has been so good to me. I feel like traveling on until that blessed home I see. I feel like traveling on. Yes, I feel like traveling on. I feel like traveling on. My heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling on. Yes, I feel like traveling on. I feel like traveling on. My heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling on. Amen. Amen. Amen. We'll get a body change. Amen. Amen. I'll fly away. Brother Marty says, "Let me go." He'll leave all this stuff here. Some glad morning when this life is over, I'll fly away to a home on God's celestial shore. I'll fly away. I'll fly away. Oh, glory. I'll fly away. I'll fly away. I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by. I fly away. When the shadows of this life have grown, I'll fly away. I'll fly away like a bird from prison bars has flown. Aha. Fly away. I'll fly away. Oh glory. I'll fly away. I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by I'll fly away. Just a few more weary days and then I'll fly away. I'll fly away to a land where joy will never end. I'll fly away. So I'll fly away. Oh glory. I'll fly away. Fly away. I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by, I'll fly away. Just a few more weary days and then I'll fly away. I'll fly away to a land where joy will never end. I'll fly away. Let's all stand together. You sing better. I'll fly away. Oh, glory. I'll fly away. I'll fly away. I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by. I'll fly away. So I'll fly away. Oh glory. I'll fly away. Just don't die. Hallelujah. By and by, I'll fly away. Hallelujah. Glory to the lamb. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. You know, you got to feel that in your heart. You know, they have cheerleaders at the football games and basketball games, but that's to get you to feel it and you just get enthused. But if you feel it in your heart, then hallelujah is hallelujah. Then it's praise God because there's a praise God in your heart. Amen. I'll fly away. Amen. Amen. As brother John comes this morning. Amen. Just want to sing that chorus. Humble yourself. Amen. You know, God, he's done so much for us. We We don't I mean, I know we complain. We complain about everything, but God is God. I like that the scripture says he is faithful and he cannot deny himself. That's right. So when we even when we don't believe because we are part of him, he's going to pick us up. Isn't that wonderful? And you have to believe that. That has to become part of your I don't know just like your fingernails growing. The word has to be in you. Amen. Amen. So as brother John comes this morning, humble yourself. Amen. Humble yourself before your Lord and [Music] King. Give him your heart. Offer your everything. There's no limit on the love he has for you. So humble yourself and see what God will do. Humble yourself and let him have his way. love the word and his will oy for his eyes are on the ones whose heart is true. So humble yourself and see what God will do. Humble yourself before your Lord and King. Give him your heart. Offer your everything. There's no limit in the love he has for you. So humble yourself and see what God will do. Humble yourself and let him have his will. Love his word and his will obey. For his eyes are on the one whose heart is true. So humble yourself and see what God will do. I'm excited about what God's going to do. I know if I can get out of the way, he is the way. He is the truth and he is the life. Amen. Amen. So good to be in the house of the Lord. This morning want to welcome our visitor Carter with us for the first time. God bless you. May you feel God's presence. He's real. Amen. And he's here to do exceedingly above all that we could ask. or even think of him to do. God is a great God. Oh, I want to uh first of all say happy Mother's Day. Amen. Going to say a few words about the mothers after we read the scriptures, but if you turn if you would turn with me into the book of Genesis this morning for our Mother's Day message. Genesis chapter 17 and or and then also chapter 35. Two scripture readings there. Brother Gideon want to pass his greetings along to the saints here and express his his thoughts towards us and his prayers and his appreciation for the church here. Amen. Amen. Before we begin reading here in God's book, let's look to him and just ask him to help us see the very intent that he has for us this morning. Our heavenly father, come to you, Lord, as that chorus that we just sang. Humbling ourselves, Lord, we know that you you give more grace the more we humble oursel. So Lord, it's our heart's desire and our prayer, our intent, our mind, our thoughts to humble ourselves at this moment that you would you would look down upon us in your mercy that you' forgive us of our sins and our trespasses today. Anything that would stand in the way of us being blessed by your amazing grace today. We need you, heavenly father. We need you and we're coming to you with confidence, Lord, that you're here to do exceedingly because it's your desire to see your wife victorious. And Lord, we're so thankful to be yours, to belong to you. You've chosen us. We we don't even know how or why or we just can't even see, but we're filled with thanksgiving this morning. Filled with gratitude to you. Now, Lord, we ask that you come and help our eyes to see, our ears to hear, our heart to be able to understand the things that you have for us today. that we might leave here strengthened, fortified, and all sure drawn to you. We give you the praise and the honor for it. Now, as we wait further upon thee, thy blessings and thy word in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Genesis chapter 17 starting with verse number one. And when Abram was 99 years old and nine, 90 years old and nine, the Lord appeared to Abram and said unto him, I am the Almighty God. Walk before me, and be thou perfect. I will make my covenant between me and thee, and will multiply thee exceedingly. Amen. Then chapter 25, uh, excuse me, chapter 35. Genesis chapter 35. We'll begin reading verse 11 and 12. And God said unto him, I am God Almighty. Be fruitful and multiply. A nation and a company of nations shall be of thee, and kings shall come out of thy loins. And the land which I gave Abraham, Isaac, to thee I will give it, and to thy seed after thee will I give the land. Amen. God bless you. May the Lord add his blessings to the reading of his word. The promise is unto you, to your children, to your children's children, as many as the Lord our God shall call. God has given us the spiritual seed of Abraham, a promise. And I believe the greater the revelation that we have of that, the greater we can become that. So, it's important that our vision is exactly what the word says. Well, I want to say God bless you to all of our mothers today. God never intended our mothers to be honored a day of the year. He intended them to be honored every day of the year. Every single day. And he even said he'd promise us if we would do that with longer life than what we'd normally have. showing how much it means to God that we naturally honor our our honor completely our natural mother and our father. Abraham Lincoln had a profound gratitude and admiration for his mother. He said, "All that I am or hope to be, I owe it to my angel mother." He said, "No man is poor that has a godly mother." Amen. He said, "The best thing a man can do for his children is to love their mother." So, I want to say, "God bless each of of our mothers today." Let's give them a a hand clapping. Amen. I think God has chosen us to be his wife, to be the one he multiplies and brings forth more of his seed. We are all blessed indeed today. Our scripture reading here, 24 years after Abram began his journey from following God's call, the Lord appeared unto Abraham. He was 99 years old and he and Sarah were waxed old and well stricken. The Bible says and their flesh had no capability to perform the promise. And their flesh had no strength to perform the promise. Amen. No matter their desires there that the strength was not there. So the Lord appears to Abram and says, "I am El Shadi. I am the breasted one, the almighty God, the one that is able to nurture you, to give you nourishment in your body, to make you strong enough to manifest this promise. When I think of the most of us here at one time needed our mother's breast for nutrition, we were totally dependent upon our mother. It may taken a little bit sometimes maybe to get things going, but it was all uh natural after that. And when we get things moving with God, it becomes all super spiritual with that. Amen. Amen. Sometimes it's hard kind of getting connected where our strength comes from because we start going from pillar to post and leaning out on other people and looking for people to give us admiration to get us some partial strength. But really our strength comes from the Lord. A baby gets strength from its mother's milk. They say that every possible vitamin, mineral, nutrition needed for a baby's body is found in a mother's breast milk. Amen. Did you know a mother's milk is considered a living fluid? It isn't something you go to the store and you buy some formula. It's really considered a living form uh living fluid. It it uh constantly adapts to the baby's body's need. And when it's changing throughout the day and also changing uh throughout it its time that it's drinking milk as it's growing, the milk is filled with immune boosting substances including antibodies and HMOs that protect the baby from infections and help build a stronger immune system. So Abraham was 99 years old and he needed this. Right. Uh I just got a quote right before I I came up here and I just want to read this. He says, "Don't think you're past hope. You're not." Abraham when he was past age of hearing, God appeared to him and said, "I am Elshette, the Almighty God." Elshetted means the bosom. The the mother nurses her fretting child to health. No matter how old you are, how far you're gone, he's El Shad. Lean on his bosom and his word. Amen. And nurse from it. Draw from it till your body receives strength. And that's what God said to Abraham. I'm going to supply what you need. They're all your strength for me. I am the one that will provide strength needed to bring forth the promise because remember in himself he's just say how am I going to do this? I'm old. I've it's just like an impossible situation. We all look at our lives. How we how are we going to bring forth the image of Jesus Christ in these bodies with this nature that's warring against us and craving the wrong things and and not submitting to the things of God. But if we if we really wait on the Lord, we we spend time, we get our strength from him, we can we can we can we can we can Genesis 18:14. Is there anything too hard for the Lord? God said, "At the appointed time, I will return unto thee according to the time of life, and Sarah will have a son." Amen. The word of God is our strength. It's our rest. It's our final resting place. Hebrews 11:11 says, "Through faith also Sarah herself received strength to conceive seed and was delivered of the child when she was past age because she judged him faithful who had promised." Of course, when we look at Abraham and Isaac, we we think of the times of their battle, right? when they when they questioned as it were and and almost uh laughing as it were the scripture uses the word laughing that how can this happen and to the carnal mind to the to the person who is still stumbling it's hard for him to realize that he's going to be in the image of Jesus Christ and it almost wants to laugh at that promise But the Bible says that we shall overcome all things and and we have to do it through faith just the way Sarah did. It was through faith. First John 3:2 says, "Beloved, now we are the sons of God, and it does not yet appear what we shall be, but we know that when he shall appear, we shall be like him, for we shall see him like he is." And how's that going to happen? We're going to receive strength from God from conceiving the word of God into our lives. That's why it's so important when we come to church that we we're we're not just here. We're just not mentally agreeing with the word. We're not even just saying the word a amen to the word. But what we're doing is we're saying so be it into my heart and into my life. Let it come. Let thy word be born in me. Amen. Romans chapter 4:1 17. Romans chapter 4:1 17 we're going to read a few scriptures here 17-2 as is written I have made thee a father of many nations before him whom he believed even God who quickened the dead and calleth those things which be not as though they were we have to do the same thing I mean Jonah had to do the same thing everything else is a lion vanity this flesh is a lion vanity this this thing that is keeping me from getting ultimately close to God. It's a lying thing. It's it's it's it's vanity. And and did not say vanity vanity. All is vanity. Only only thing that is not vanity is what is eternal. God's love, God's word. That's what's eternal. And we need to become that not use that so we can have a better life. It's a different concept. Verse 18, who against hope believed in hope that he might become the father of many nations. Who against hope believed in it anyways, that he might become the father of many nations according to that which he has spoken. So shall what? We shall be. So shall we be. We're the seed of Abraham. Amen. And being not weak in faith, he considered not his own body. now being dead. So don't consider your nature just has a hard time. Don't consider that. Don't look to that. When he was about a hundred years old, neither yet the deadness of Sarah's womb, he staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief, but was strong in faith, giving glory to God. In other words, it's going to happen. Amen. Yes, we're going to have those times that we say, "God, come on. When's this thing going to happen? It's been 25 years." Yeah, we're going to have times that we're going to say, "Well, I just don't feel any different. Nothing seems to be happening." That's okay. But you got to end up saying, "But I still believe." You've got to let the inside man come out and take a stand on the word of God. We don't walk by feelings. We walk by faith. Amen. And being fully persuaded that he was what he had promised, he was he able he was able also to perform. And therefore it was imputed unto him for righteousness. And now it was not written for his sake alone that it was imputed to him but for what? What's the next word? But for us, this is written here for us. Amen. We might as well just pay attention. This this is God speaking right now. This is God speaking. This is to us. But for us to whom it shall be imputed if we believe on him that raised up Jesus our Lord from the dead, who was delivered for our offenses and was raised for our justification. So as the as uh Abraham's natural body was nurtured by faith to bring forth a natural promised son. So Abraham's spiritual body is being nurtured by faith to bring forth God's spiritual promised son in us. Amen. Come on now. That's the most glorious thing that I know of. Christ in you, the hope of glory. Amen. Genesis 3:14. No, I'm sorry. Not Genesis, Galatians. Galatians chapter 3, if you're writing it down, Galatians chapter 3:14, that the blessing of Abraham might come on the Gentiles through Jesus Christ, that we might receive the promise of the spirit through faith. Now, what is the spirit? The spirit is the literal life of God. The spirit is not some gift we put in the closet, say, "I've got the gift. I pull it out when I want it." It's the life of Christ inside of you. It is the promise to the spiritual seed of Abraham. You know, Jesus said to to those Pharisees, he said, "You say you're Abraham's seed, but if you are Abraham's seed, why do you seek to kill me?" So Abraham did not this. does not say there's a fruit of the spirit. If we've got if we've got if we are the seed of Abraham, we need to bring forth the fruit of Christ. Amen. Verse 16. Now to Abraham and his seed was the promise made. He saith not and to seeds as of many, but as of one and to thy seed which is Christ. Amen. So here's the thing. Every one of us is going to be just like Jesus. He is the firstborn among many brethren. Every seed brings forth of its own kind. We're not looking for some hybrid seed. We're not looking for something that's almost like him. We are believing that we are the seed of Christ. We have full expectation to believe that we're going to manifest Christ. And we need to start telling the devil where we're standing. Because if you're going to wait to feel good, then you will need cheerleaders. You will need somebody saying, "Come on, we can make it." But when you just believe it, I'll tell you, Abraham didn't have any cheerleaders in out there. He had the word of God. I think the prophet told us one time he went 15 years without hearing from God. Think about that. We go two days. Come on now. We got to hold to the word. Hold to the promise. Romans chapter 8 vers 11. But if the spirit because remember the promise is the spirit right to the Gentiles. But if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you. Amen. Then he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal body right now by the spirit that dwelleth in you. That's how important it is to get the Holy Ghost. And it's how important to get more of the Holy Ghost. How important not to entertain thoughts? I've got enough. Don't entertain that thought. You know, just as it comes out, let it go out. I need more. I'm pressing towards more. There's more for me because I look at my life and I see there's more of Christ I need to manifest. The spirit of God brings us into the image of God. Verse 19, the same chapter. Romans 8:19. For the earnest expectation of the creation is waiting for the manifestation of this group of people. Not everybody is going to manifest Christ. But those that receive the the fullness of the Holy Ghost are going to manifest the fullness of God. For whom he did verse 29. So sorry, verse 29. We're skipping here. For whom he did forno, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son, that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. The bride does not have strength to bring forth the image of Christ on her own. She she certainly does not. So what is she doing? She's drawing strength from El Shadi. Amen. From the breasted one, the almighty God. We get our strength from the milk of the breasted one. Amen. Now, I think we need to spend more time feeding on the breasted one. More time with a a shadow, the almighty God. Right. 1 Peter chapter 2 verse one tells us where 1 Peter chapter 2 verse one if you're writing it down. Wherefore laying aside laying aside the things that is keeping you from feeding on Christ. All malice, all guile, hypocrisies, envying and all evil speaking. As newborn babes, desire the sincere milk of the word that we that ye may grow thereby. If so be you have tasted that the Lord is gracious. God is gracious. He'll supply every need according to his riches and glory. God is a gracious God. Amen. We got to lay aside and spend time with him. draw strength from you. It's not a natural thing. You don't come into church and draw strength, friends. You don't go into a barn and have to worry that you're going to become like a horse. You don't. And you don't ever have to worry about coming into church and becoming a Christian because you won't. It takes eating the word, drinking the milk, drinking the sincere milk of the word, desiring to become like Christ. Amen. God is a real God with a real relationship with a real spirit that wants to really fill our hearts and and change our lives from glory onto glory. Amen. To whom coming as unto lively stones disallowed indeed of men, but chosen of God and precious. You also as lively stones are built up a spiritual house, a holy priesthood to offer spiritual sacrifices. The ones that are acceptable to God by Jesus Christ. So don't come in here in the flesh and try to play praise God will not be acceptable. God is a spirit and they that worship me must worship me in spirit and in truth. Amen. Now, God is building us today. He's trying to build his house in us so he can come and have it. But, you know, I'm going to tell you this. If I gave you a million dollars and you were going to go buy a house, you wouldn't choose some dump in the inner city that had crime all around you, had bars all wrapped up around you. You wouldn't choose that. I'm telling you, God's coming to choose a house he feels welcomed in. He feels welcomed with his word. That's right. It'll be word everywhere on that house. So, we need to lay aside the things that are keeping us from spending time from feeding on Christ and simply desire the sincere milk of the word. Don't think you're a baby because you desire the sincere milk of the word. I'm telling you, we will need strength until we're out of here. I remember brother Bill telling us one time, he said, "I I believe what'll be happening is we'll have a sword in one hand fighting off the devil as we're entering into the rapture." So, we need the sincere milk. We need the strength that comes from the breasted one. Al Shi spend more time feeding, nurturing, drawing strength from Christ as newborn babes desire the sincere milk of the word. Wonder how much time do you spend feeding and desiring the sincere milk of the word? How much time this week, this past week, because this is a new week it started, have you spent feeding on the word just desiring God, I want to be fed. I want to be fed. I want I'm coming to you for the reason of getting strength that I can become more like you. Not so I don't have this problem with my neighbor, but I'm coming to you that I might have strength to become more like you. How much time I want to ask you this question then. How much time do newborn babes spend breastfeeding? Breastfeeding a baby for a year would conservatively take00 hours. And what that equivalents to, brother Marty, is a full-time job, 40 hours a week, three weeks vacation, seven paid holidays, couple sick days, and you would spend the rest of time breastfeeding. a 40hour week breastfeeding. That is what God was calling Abraham to do. Spend time with me. Believe this. Build your faith up. Build yourself up in the most holy faith. This son is coming. We are going to come into the image of Jesus Christ. But we've got to be willing to feed. Let's spend more time. I'll say like this full time. Drawing strength from El Shedi. You shall seek me, you shall find me when you search for me with all thy heart. Psalm or Isaiah chapter 40 28. Now don't get quiet on me. What I want you to say is, I'm going to start feeding some more. I'm going to start feeding some more. We had to bring that statistic in to show how much we need to be spending time with God. We live in a busy world. You know what we do? We try to get all of our things done. Well, and try to fit some in over here. And the devil says, "I know what to do with you. That's a that's so stupid. I know what to do. I'll get you so busy. Give you so many problems. I'll get you I'll get you where you don't even have time." And and and you know your testimony will be two weeks from now. I've just been so and I got all these problems and it's like are you gonna stop? Are you going to stop the roller coaster? You going to stop the scroll cage? Are you going to stop the cycle? And are you going to say God is my strength? Isaiah 40:28. Has thou not known? Has I not heard that the everlasting God, the Lord, the creator of the ends of the earth, he faintth not, neither is weary. He's the source of strength. He's like the sun that never stops shining. He's this He's the son of God that has so much strength. He can give you strength whatever you have need of, whenever you have need of it. It's still shining when it's dark out there. It's just shining somewhere else. Amen. There's no searching of his understanding. He giveth power to the faint, to them that have no might. He actually increases strength to them. Even the youth shall faint and be weary. The young man shall utterly fall. So it isn't how old you are physically. It's who you're connected to spiritually. But they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as eagles. They shall run and not be weary. And they shall walk and not faint. Amen. Because of his strength. Psalms 59:9 says, "I will wait upon thee." because of his strength, I will wait upon thee. For God is my defense. We need to just put more of our attention to God taking care of all of our problems, even our natural problems. He's not just a a spiritual God to take care of our soul problems, but he's a spiritual God that can take care of every problem that we can have on planet Earth. Psalms chapter 8 verse one. Psalms chapter 8 verse one. Oh Lord our Lord, how excellent is thy name in all the earth. Who has set thy glory above the heavens. Amen. Out of the mouth of babes and sucklings, thou has ordained strength because of thine enemies, that thou mightest still see the enemy and the avenger that thou mightest the enemy and the avenger. Out of the mouth of babes and sucklings has thou ordained strength. Why? because they are connected to El Shadi. They're connected to El Shadi. And I'll tell you, I like it that that God didn't say to Abraham when he was 76 years old, El Shadi. He's 99 years old and saying, "I'm El Shadi." Amen. Now, this word El Shadi, the breast of what? It's only mentioned about seven times in the Bible. Now say we were in God at the beginning and we are his wife. We're the the part the feminine part of him. But God showing us that in in short he's neither male or female in itself. But he has what it needs to nourish us. Amen. And we need to look to him as one that can give us strength in a time of need. Amen. I am the one who's able to do exceedingly above all that you could ask or even think. He's always been a God of the impossible. Amen. He took a situation when Adam and Eve separated from him. He took an impossible situation. He had to fulfill his word. The day you eat, the day you die. Amen. But since Abraham and Isaac were a part or Abraham, I'm so sorry that Adam and Eve was a part of him. He took that place that we wouldn't die. You talk about a God that takes the impossible and makes something amazing out of it. God is able to take all of our lives and no matter where they're at, he makes everything beautiful in his time because that's the God we serve. That may not be the person you're married to. That may not be the person I'm married to, but that's the God we serve today. That may not be the government we're in, but it is the God we serve today. We don't serve a natural kingdom. We serve a spiritual kingdom. Amen. God is here wanting you to reflect on every single thing that God has done for you. Count your blessings. We sung it. It will surprise you. It'll like kind of lift you up and oh yeah, he's actually done this for me before. Think about the needs he's met in your life. He has literally extended beyond our expectations at times. We all can testify that he's healed our body numerous times. Amen. Even though we still need healing, we need to reflect on his goodness where he did heal us in the past. He's delivered our minds from oppression of the enemy. He's raised a a standard up against the enemy when he came in like a flood. He's done things that we have to stand back. I don't know he did that. We've all been in situations where if it would have been 3 seconds, we would have been dead because that car would have hit us. I mean, he has done so much for us. Amen. He's our source of strength. He's our source of comfort. He has placed peace in our heart when our understanding couldn't figure something out. Yet, we had a peace to stand there and know it's still okay. Even though we can't answer the devil's questions, Yes, because that's what the devil does. He'll put questions in you. Try to figure that out. I don't need to figure it out. I got a God who I trust in. Then I'll tell you that is much greater riches than all the understanding we can have. And we need to look to him and say, I can do all things through Christ who gives me strength to do them. is the bride in herself. She can't become in this image. But if the word says love your enemies through Christ I can love my enemy. Amen. Can the redeemed of the Lord say so? What are we waiting for? You got to be like Jonah. Count those things which are not or like Abraham those things which are not as though they were against hope believed in hope. Count everything else a vanity. Count your past failures a vanity. Count the seaweed you're staring at, the the situation you're in, the the things that you're feeling in your bosom. Just count it seaweed and vanity and and and look to the Lord and believe that he's able to meet your need. Whatever it would be, whatever it would be, I can do. Let's sing. Let's just let's sing it. We could sing it, but let's let's say it together. I can Let's put it up there. Philippians 1 or or 4:13. I can do all things through Christ which strengthenth me. Amen. Your strength comes. Look to the hills from which cometh your strength. My strength, my help cometh from the Lord. Amen. I can do all things Christ. He is our strength. Amen. He's a present help in a time of need. I'm an overcomer through Christ today. Today, I'm an overcomer through Jesus Christ. I'm healed through Jesus Christ today. I'm victorious through Jesus Christ today. In fact, greater is he that is in me than every lie that's ever told to me by the devil. You know what's gotten me in the mess I've gotten in? Me listening to the devil. Me trying to take things into my own control. Me doing it my way. Me listening to Frank Sinatra too much. We all grow up with the spirit of Frank Sinatra. I'm going to do it my way. We got to denounce that thing. Die daily. God has given us the checkbook. Amen. That's right. He's given his his name to use. In my name, you shall cast out devils. Cast the devils out of your life. Amen. Amen. Cast the devils out of your family. Amen. In my name, cast the thoughts out of your mind in my name. Submit yourself to me. Draw nigh to me. Submit yourself to the word and I'll draw nigh to you. And then resist the devil and he'll flee from you. It's a promise of God today. I'll say it like this. Walk in his strength. Walk in his strength. Walk before God in his strength and you will be perfect. You will be complete. Our opening scripture today, if we could turn there. I am the Lord God. Walk before me and be thou perfect. Walk before me. Not out there. Don't come visit me on Sundays and Wednesdays. Walk before me and be complete. I am what completes you. Amen. And I will make my covenant between me and thee and will multiply thee exceedingly. You know, God is able to make all grace abound to us. He owns a cattle on a thousand hills. You know, we don't need to preach a a a prosperity message. What we need to to preach is a a prosperity relationship with Jesus Christ. One where we're in love with him and let God be God. He didn't make Abraham uh a Lazarus and he didn't try to tell Lazarus how to be an Abraham. And he loved them both. He loved them both. I mean, think about it. He didn't raise Abraham up, but he did raise Lazarus up. Think about it. It's not what we have in this world that matters to God. It's what we give to him that's what matters to God. Like I made mention, Ela is used in reference to multiplying, exceeding and being fruitful seven times in the Bible. God's expressing his desire for us to be spiritually uh fruitful a and to multiply spiritually. How do we do that? How do I multiply spiritually? I don't just become in his image, but I have fruit inside of me. Imagine for a moment if I didn't bring anybody to Christ. That means I would have no seed inside of me. We went and bought some um what do they call those tomatoes that are from the heirlooms um this weekend? And um they're from Sicily. They're about 125 years old. I guess their original seed that was from Sicily 125 years ago. Every seed brings forth of its kind. If we receive the Holy Ghost, you receive seed inside you. You're the God puts within us. He makes us ambassadors to share the very life of Christ with somebody that they may be changed from their old nature to become like him. It's just how it works. That's how I came in. We all came in through somebody, right? It wasn't just you alone. Nobody ever, you know, look at the unic. Philip asked, "Do you understand what you read?" How can I like somebody tells me God wants to use us to bring Christ to others? Amen. Amen. Ela has given us nourishment to spiritually grow and to multiply exceedingly. Let's take a look at second Peter. I know we've said these scriptures before, but it just bears repeating because it's of a spiritual u a multiplying, a growing, of being fruitful. Second 2 second Peter 1:3 according as his divine power his divine strength and power has given unto you and I all things that pertain unto life and godliness through the knowledge of him that have called you to glory and virtue. Now I could I can't I could do this. I could put $1,000 into your bank account. I could. Now you have the choice. Are you going to use it or you going to let it sit there? God has given to us all things that pertainth unto life and godliness. They're there in our account. Amen. But if we don't believe them for our life, we don't tap in and say, "I can do all things. Christ has promised me peace in my home. God has promised me joy. God has promised me love. God has promised me what I need right now to help my mind." If you don't tap into that, it's still sitting there in your account. So, you've got to believe the scripture is for you. whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises, that by these you might be partakers of the divine nature, having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust. And besides this, give all diligence. Don't give just a little bit here and there. Add to your faith virtue. That means strength. Well, we know where our strength comes from. If you want to add to your faith virtue, that means spend time with God. Amen. Spend time feeding on the word, breastfeed on this word. Get the nutrients that you need from the word of God today. Amen. Add to your faith virtue and virtue. Knowledge. You'll get knowledge as you read it. Amen. And knowledge, temperance. I'll tell you, you'll get the knowledge of how to live, how to treat others, how to act, how to carry yourself, temperance. No, you'll have the ability to close your mouth when your flesh would want to open it. It's true. This is what God, this is this is the Holy Ghost. You think the Holy Ghost has a problem? The Holy Ghost doesn't have a problem being the Holy Ghost. Amen. I mean, the Holy Ghost just stood there in Jesus while they mocked him and put the crowns of thorns and the bloods running down his face. He didn't revile back. He didn't try to manipulate. He didn't do any of that. I'm telling you, what we need is a real God in our life. The real Holy Ghost. We need a bubbling inside. We need it coming out, coming out, coming out. Cup overflowing. It don't happen by spending time in the in the in in in in some little uh wiggle tail place where no water's coming in or no water's going out. You've got to get under the the where the fountain of the living water is and spend time with the Holy Ghost and let it come bubbling inside of you. You got to be like that policeman when they went up there and said, "We're looking for the revival." And he says, "You've arrived. You arrived. You can't get any closer. It's right here inside of me. It's got to be inside. And besides this, giving all diligence add to your faith virtue, virtue, knowledge, knowledge, temperance, temperance, patience, and to patience, godliness, and to godly brotherly kindness, brotherly kindness. That thing that brother Rand said, whatever you do, lay aside everything else till you get it. You need the capstone. You need charity. For if these things be in you and abound, they make you that you should neither be barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ. I am El Shadi. God wants us to go forth and multiply, be fruitful, and multiply. Well, the only way we're going to do that is him in us. Amen. The only thing I can multiply is my wrath, my anger. I'm going to tell you, Brother Bob. You better listen or God bless you, brother Ron. You know, here's the thing. You can't get painted. You can't get warmed by a painted fire. But I'll tell you, if it's real, your spirit bears witness. You know the love of God when it's by you. And I'll tell you, I would to me to me I would I would that if nobody could love me. I want us to love them. Because you think about all the people that are going to hell, God loves. He says, "I take no pleasure in the death of the wicked. I would that all men would be saved. If that spirit in me, it will quicken my body. It will quicken me to love. not just have this like I'm serving God over here, but over here I'm I'm just kind of, you know, I live in the world. That's right. And the Lord said to Abraham, "I am the Almighty. Walk before me. Be thou perfect, and I will make my covenant between me and thee and will multiply thy seed exceedingly." Abraham was old and weak, unccapable of bringing forth the promise of his own son. And the Lord said, "I am El Shadai, the Almighty God. Walk before me and be thou perfect. So God was giving him a track to run on. Walk before me and be complete. Be in be entire. Be everything without blemish. And I say to the seed of Abraham today, walk before God and be complete. Amen. If we walk in the steps of our father Abraham, right, that didn't mean go to Israel or wherever they were walking in their journey and walk the the same geographic location, but it means walk in the the steps of our of our father's faith that you have a spiritual promise. He had a natural promise. And your promise is Jesus Christ. We can't lose vision of that. It isn't to make it through the week. Isn't to make sure our bills get paid. and all other things will be added. I'll tell you get that revelation, you'll bypass a lot of problems. Hebrews chapter 6 verse one. Therefore, leaving the principles of the doctrine of Christ, let us go on unto perfection, not laying again the foundation of I guess I got to start all over again. repentance from dead works and of faith toward God and of the baptism and the doctrine of baptism and of laying on of hands and the resurrection of the dead and of eternal judgment. So we got to leave that. We're leaving that. Verse nine says, "But beloved, we are persuaded better things of you and the things that accompany salvation, though we thus speak." So what accompanies salvation? Going on to perfection. Some people claiming salvation, once saved, always saved, don't go anywhere else outside of what happened to them 20 years ago, and they just do whatever they want to do. That's not scriptural. God has persuaded better things with the bride. The foolish virgin, nope. The lukewarm believer, nope. But the bride, he's persuaded better things. Verse 10. But God is not unrighteous to forget your work and labor of love which you have showed towards his name. And that you have ministered to the saints and do minister. And we desire that every one of you do show what the same diligence. Add to your be diligent now. Make your calling election sure. Show the same diligence to the full assurance of hope unto the end. So, we ought to leave the service, every service, no matter if we feel that the that the the Lord corrected us or we felt we're on victory lane. We ought to leave church with such a hope inside of us that I'm going to become more like Jesus this week. I don't need a cheerleader up here. I have the word of God. I get strength from the word of God. That ye be not sloughtful, but followers of them who through faith and patience inherit the promises. That's right. Patience. I mean, Abraham, look how long he had to wait. I think we should never complain about our situation. Think about that. For when God made promise to Abraham, because he could swear by no greater, he swore by himself, saying, "Surely blessing I will bless thee, and multiplying I will multiply thee." And so after he had patiently endured, he obtained the promise. And God is saying today, "Surely I'm going to bless you, bride." Amen. I am going to bless you, bride. Stay focused on what the prophet said. Don't let God become the two times that you sit in church a week. Let God become your life. Amen. Amen. Matthew 5:48. Be ye therefore perfect, even as your father which is in heaven is perfect. Don't be like everyone else who can only love those who love them. who can only be kind to those who are kind to them, who only wants to smile to them, who smiles at them, who's not being mean to them, don't be like them. Anybody could do that, but be strengthened with the love of God and love those who hate you, right? 44. Love your enemy, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them to displayfully use you and persecute you. Now, think about that. that they don't just use you, they despitefully do it. I mean, you know, sin is out there just despitefully out there. That ye may be the children of your father which is in heaven. For he maketh the son to rise on the evil and on the good and sends rain on the just and the unjust. God, Jesus said, "Be ye perfect even as your father in heaven is perfect." Amen. Paul is telling us to go on to perfection. God is coming without uh uh for a bride without spot or without wrinkle. And we need to walk before Jehovah Jaba our El Shadi with with strength be perfect to be complete that means press towards not say I'm here oh me I need help where do you know where our help comes from spend time with God I mean that that that that chorus that we sung before the word humble yourself go home and humble self literally go home and make time to spend with God in prayer. Well, brother Jean, I do I spend fill in the blank. I don't care what what number you put in that blank that you spend with God. What I want you to do is erase that. Cross it out and put more time in there because God wants to do great things in our life. He wants us to be fruitful to multiply. Amen. And we need to spend time with the breasted one to get the strength that we need to draw strength to multiply and that spiritual seed in our life. Amen. Daniel 12:2 tells us, "And many of them that slept in the dust of the earth shall awake, some to everlasting life, and some to shame and everlasting contempt." Amen. And they that be wise shall shine as the brightness of the firmament, and they shall turn many to righteousness, and as the stars forever and ever. Don't you want to shine in heaven? I honestly don't want to be this some little dot in the corner that nobody sees, right? I want to shine. The only way I'm going to shine is do something that's everlasting, eternal. Do something for Christ. Something that makes something last. I could go and I could bake you cakes. I could build you houses. I could I could do whatever you'd want me to do, you know, within reason. As long as you ask me to build a ship or something like that. The thing is up there, it's it it's nothing. It's not even lasting. I'm sure they're not going to have a bridgeport at trust or a bridgeport up in heaven so I can work. They're not going to have a a new CNC's with numeric miracle controls that we can do most most awesome things. But you know what they will they will have that one soul that you spent time with that their soul meant more to you than anything else. That you gave up your time. You cared about your child. You cared about your neighbor. you cared and because you did, they're there for eternity. Now, I know if we could just focus on that, it'll become important to us. So, I'll say go home, spend time with the Lord. Proverbs 11:29, he that troubleth his own house shall inherit the wind. Did you ever walk through your house and say, you going to straighten up right now, or I'm going to straighten you up? Has that ever happened? How come nobody is wanting to say anything right now? And you know what happened when you did that, right? You inherited the wind. You had nothing but chaos, confusion. Everybody wanting to be just go off, leave, just I tell you, there's a way that seemth right unto man, but the way therein is the ways of death. He that troubleth his own house shall inherit the wind, and the fool shall be a servant to the wise of heart. The fruit of the righteous is a tree of life, and he that winth souls is wise. Put your priority into winning the character of your children to Jesus Christ. That's all that matters. It doesn't matter where the shoes are at. You know, it used to matter to me where the shoes are at. I'll be honest with you. I don't care where anything's at now. I just want there to be God in our home. I want when my kids, my grandkids, the people that come over and they look at me, they don't really see me. But you know what it takes for that to happen? It takes dying out to the flesh. that flesh that just wants to be recognized and noticed and look at me and reputation and and and and you you reduce yourself to love to where the only thing that matters is Jesus Christ in your life. Yes, sir. All right, we got time. Do we got time? All right. Yeah. I don't know if you heard me. I'm going to take it like you didn't hear. I'm gonna say it one more time. Do we have time? How much time? Don't tell me it's Mother's Day. You got stuff you got to do. All right. I'm not going to read everything, but I am going to read a little bit more. John chapter 15. This is important because we're talking about fruit, being connected to God. John 15:1 says, "I am the true vine to every branch in me that bringeth forth not fruit is taken away, and every branch that beareth fruit, he purchased it that it may bring forth more fruit." I want you to think here that God's interest is not we just be call his. He's interested in the fruit. He's interested in being connected. In fact, we can be connected to God at one time, stop bearing fruit, and he will cut us off. Think about that. He is so This is so important to God that we're always bringing forth fruit. So you you I want you to in in the in the light of these scriptures that we're reading, I want you to think about predestination because, you know, we think of predestination, we're always connected. We're all, you know, we're always there. Nothing's going to happen. Nothing's going to separate us. That's true. But think about all the people that literally believe that they're predestinated, but they don't make it. So just because we're believing in predestination, it doesn't mean we make it. That's why Jesus said, "Search the scriptures." So the scriptures are teaching us what we need to do if we are predestined. Amen. What will happen? No matter if a righteous man falls seven times, seven times he'll get back up. So every branch in me that beareth not fruit, he taketh that branch away. It's not part of me. And every branch that bear fruit, he doesn't say, "Well, that's good enough. It's good enough. You're bearing fruit." He literally purges it that it may bring forth more fruit. He is a God that wants to bring the very best out of us. Now, you are clean through the word which I have spoken to you. That's how important it is to receive the word of God when we come to church. Abide in me and I in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself except it abide in the vine no more except you abide in me. So the key here is to stay connected to God. Spend time in his presence. You'll have strength to bear all sorts of fruit when you spend time with God. But if you don't spend time with him, you're not going to bear fruit. He said, "I am the vine." Verse 5, "You are the branches. He that abideth in me and I in him. The same bringeth forth much fruit." And don't forget this, you that are reading the Bible, Jesus is speaking. For without me, you're not going to get anything accomplished that day. Don't try to go through the day without me. Amen. Without me, you can do nothing. Amen. If a man a man abide in not in me, he is cast forth as a branch and is withered, and men gather them and cast them into the fire, and they are burned. You ever been away from God so long that you just lost your joy? You just you feel withered, puny, no excitement, no no drive. You're just kind of like But what what we need to do is just spend time with the Lord. Spend time with them. Spend time with our shi. If my words abide, if you abide in me and my words abide in you, shall ask what you will and it shall be done unto you. Amen. You spend time with me, I'll put my word in you. You abide in my word. I'm going to give you what you want. And you don't. The promise is off. Here is my father glorified that you bear much fruit. And I will claim you as my disciple. As the father as the fa as the father have loved me, so I've loved you. And this is why I want you to continue in my love. Go on to perfection. Now, if you keep my commandments, you shall abide in my love. Even as I've kept my father's commandments, and I abide in his love. Remember God, the father kept giving Jesus commandments. He wasn't born came 12 years old and said, "Okay, go to the cross." No, it was a building up, a building up. And he knew what he was called to. But when it was time for him to go, he kept the father's commandments. He said, "Thus be because my father loves me because I lay down my life that I may take it up." He kept growing in the word, right? It kept it kept his focus and and and that's one way you can know you're growing in God's love is when you literally take the word of God seriously and you're you're you're willing. Now look, there may be this church, this church, I can't probably say this. This church may be filled up with 99% hypocrites, but that doesn't mean God doesn't want you to live this word. Have a sincere marriage with the word. Let the word become real to you. Don't wait till everybody in the front row is lined up before you're going to start. They may never get lined up. They may fake it to the end and then quit. Don't don't let you get your excitement about coming into praising God have everything to do with with the brother who's leading the worship up here. I mean, you can't count on our our our brothers to have the most fantastic day while we go along. It doesn't matter what we do and we expect them to pump us up. Come into church between you and God and have a relationship with him. Don't focus on the hypocrite or who you think might be a hypocrite. Focus on the one that you're in love with. Verse 11. These things have I spoken unto you that my joy might remain in you, that your joy might be full. And this is my commandment that you love one another as I have loved you. Greater love have no man than this, than a man lay down his life for his friends. I wonder how many how many friends do I have here today? Now, when we're in the world, this is how it happens. Brother Ron, you're my friend, aren't you? Will you do something for me? That's how it is in the world. We're friends, right? I help Will you help me? But that's not what the scripture is saying. This scripture is saying not for me to hold you accountable to love me. This scriptur is about me laying down my life for you. We may not get anybody to love the way they should. But, you know, I I'm so thankful, brother Ron, that my salvation and my love relationship of being his bride has nothing to do with how much somebody loves me. It has to do with how much I love them. You're my friends, if you do whatever I've commanded you, henceforth I call you not servants, for the servant knoweth not what the Lord doeth. I've called you friends. For all things that I've heard of my father, I've made known to you. You have not chosen me, but I've chosen you, and I've ordained you, that you should go and bring forth fruit, and that your fruit should remain, and that whatsoever you ask in the Father's name, he may give it to you. These things I command you, that you love one another. What a fruit to be bearing today is the love of God. Let's stand together. God bless you. Psalms 18:1 I will love thee, oh Lord, my strength. The Lord is my rock, my fortress, my deliverer, my God, my strength, in whom I will trust, my buckler, my horn, my salvation, my high tower. I will call on the upon the Lord who is worthy to be praised. So shall I be saved from my enemies. I am the Lord God Almighty. Walk before me and be thou complete. The only way we'll be complete is to be complete in Christ. Spend more time with the Lord. Will you make that commitment to him today? Spend more time with him. Amen. Let's sing that little chorus. There is a There is a place. There is a place that I can go. There is a peace that I can know. There is a joy I can attain. There is a strength that will remain. There is a prayer that I can [Music] pray and s on the way. Thank you Jesus for giving this to me. Thank you Jesus for brea free. Thank you Jesus for providing everything I need. There a place that I can go. There is a peace that I can know. There is a joy I can attain. There is a strength that will remain. There is a prayer that I can pray and know the answerers on the way. Thank you Jesus for giving this to me. Thank you Jesus for everything I need. Amen. Amen. You know, there's so many people in the world that don't know that source of strength. That's right. They don't know where to go to and they're fumbling around looking, reading books, looking to people, depending on others. And God is our source of strength. What a blessed people we are. that God has provided us a place that we can go and wait upon him and know that the answer is on the way. that we can receive a a peace that we can receive everything that we have need of in the presence of Almighty God.
