################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-28 - 9.28.25 - Born By The Word - John Martin - John Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-28
Title:    9.28.25 - Born By The Word - John Martin
Speaker:  John Martin
Church:   Send The Light Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 46m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-ZKv_xjBYA
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. number our days. Well, teach us to number our days. They'll teach us to number our days that we may apply our hearts on to wisdom. Lord, teach us to number our days. Oh, teach us to number our days. be just our days that we may apply our hearts onto wisdom. Lord, teach us to number our days. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. What so what a profound thing to teach us to number our days. We think we have tomorrow, right? We don't we don't know, you know, but we know we have today. So, let's make use of today while we have time. Amen. Well, I greet you in the pre precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. And today is the day of salvation. So I pray that your relationship with him is new and fresh each day and that you seek seek him out. Amen. Brother uh Stan, can you open us with a word of prayer? inspir. Help us. Just bless their hearts. Amen. You may be seated. Know we not know we not know we not ye are a temple. Knowing not, knowing I ye are a temple. Knowing not, knowing I ye are a temple. Ye are a temple of the Holy Ghost. Yes, I know. Yes, I know. I am a temple. Yes, I know. Yes, I know. I am a temple. Yes, I know. Yes, I know. I am a temple. I am a temple of the Holy Ghost. Walking up seven steps to perfection. Walking up seven steps to perfection. Walk ye up seven steps to perfection. Ye are a temple of the Holy Ghost. Full of praise, full of power, full of glory, full of praise, full of power, full of glory, full of praise, full of power, full of glory. We are a temple of the Holy Ghost. Knowing not, knowing I are a temple. Knowing not, knowing I are a temple. Knowing not, knowing I are a temple. Ye are a temple of the Holy Ghost. Yes, I know. Yes, I know. I am a temple. Yes, I know. Yes, I know. I am a temple. Yes, I know. Yes, I know. I am a temple. I am a temple of the Holy Ghost. Amen. You know, we're only a temple of the Holy Ghost because he resides in us. Amen. And if he resides in us, then truly, Amen. our lights will shine. Let me be a shining light. Let me be a shining light, oh Lord. As the world arounds me darkens, [Music] let me be a shining light. Oh Lord, give me strength through each new day. My faith has found a resting place. Oh Lord, it is in your precious word. My faith has found a resting place. Oh Lord, may that anchor always hold. Let me be a shining light. Oh Lord, as a world arounds me darkens, let me be a shining light. Oh Lord, give me strength for each new day. My faith has found a resting place. Oh Lord, it is in your precious word. My faith has found a resting place. Oh Lord, may that anchor always hold. Hallelujah. I pray the anchor is holding for you. &gt;&gt; Amen. Lift him up. Amen. How to reach the masses, men of every birth. For the answer, Jesus gave a key. And I, if I be lifted up from the earth, will draw all men unto me. Lift him up. lift him up. Still he speaks from eternity. And I if I be lifted up from the earth will draw all men unto me. Oh the world is hungry for the living bread. live to say if I can trust him and do not doubt the words that he said, I'll draw all men unto me. Lift him up. Lift him up. Still he speaks from eternity. And I if I be lifted up from the earth will draw all men unto me. Don't exalt the preacher. Don't exalt a pew. Preach a goel simple, full and free. Prove him and you will find the promise is true. I'll draw all men unto me. Lift him up. Lift him up. Still he speaks from eternity. And I if I be lifted up from the earth will draw all men unto me. Lift him up by living as a Christian. Let the world in you the Savior see. Then men will gladly follow him who once taught. I'll draw all men unto me. Lift him up. Lift him up. Still he speaks from eternity. And I if I be lifted up from the earth will draw all men unto me. Amen. Hallelujah. The world is living for is hungry for the living bread. &gt;&gt; But they don't know that bread unless you lift them up. So I pray your desires to lift him up that the world might see him living in you. Amen. Let the Holy Ghost come in. Amen. All you got to do is let him in. Would you be redeemed from every inbredad sin? Have the Holy Spirit constantly within. Make the consecration. Trust in God. And then let the Holy Ghost come in. Oh, let the Holy Ghost come in. Oh, let the Holy Ghost come in. Oh, make the consecration. Trust in God. And then let the Holy Ghost come in. Would you have the spirit in your heart to cheer? Would you be relieved from every doubt and fear? Make the consecration. Trust in God. And then let the Holy Ghost come in. Oh, let the Holy Ghost come in. Let the Holy Ghost come in. Oh, make the consecration. Trust in God. And then let the Holy Ghost come in. Do you want the fire of God to fill your soul? Burn up all the droughts and sanctify the whole. Make the consecration. Trust in God. And then let the Holy Ghost come in. Oh, let the Holy Ghost come in. Oh, let the Holy Ghost come in. Make the consecration. Trust in God. And then let the Holy Ghost come in. Do you want the power to make you embrace so that you can rescue those who Christ would save? Make the consecration. Trust in God. And then let the Holy Ghost come in. Oh, let the Holy Ghost come in. Oh, let the Holy Ghost come in. Make the consecration. Trust in God. And then let the Holy Ghost come in. Amen. Amen. Let's just go before him today and just ask him to let's just trust in him and then he he does the work. Amen. Dear heavenly father, Lord, as we come before you this morning, Lord, we trust in our hearts, Lord God, that as we open our hearts, Lord, that you'll let the Holy Ghost come in. That Lord, your desire for our life is to be filled with the Holy Ghost, Lord. And Lord, we know as a prophet would say, Lord, we're the ones that are holding it back. So we pray this morning, Lord, that we're just trusting in you that you might fill us more with the Holy Ghost, Lord, that we have the power, Lord, to make ourselves true and brave, Lord, that you could rescue those you would have, Lord. So Lord, as we submit to you this morning, Lord, we submit by faith. We would so desire to please you Lord and we pray that the word would come this morning and Lord just sanctify our souls in Jesus name. Amen. You know you have not believe this is what the word says. You have not because you ask not. So if you want more Holy Ghost you got to ask him. I believe that's his desire. Amen. Oh, we just want to change order of service. Let's just remember our brother Orlando. He's not feeling well this morning and but it's still good to see our sister Bertha here. Amen. She her desire is uh to be here with us. Amen. Also, uh, let's just remember all those that aren't here this morning for whatever reason, for sickness or things going on in their life. Amen. Just pray the Holy Ghost for them, too. Amen. Because I believe when you you uh have the Holy Ghost uh you just can't wait for the doors to be open because you want more. Know sometimes when you eat a good meal, you know, you you just want more. I pray when the Holy Ghost comes in, it's your desire to just be more filled with God. Amen. Especially in the world we're living in. Amen. For it's discerner of the truth. Amen. So, let's just remember all those that are in the mission field, all the missionaries. Amen. This morning, just all those that are suffering from cancer or sickness or whatever it would be this morning, Lord. Uh we just pray a hedge of protection around them and that Lord, you already paid the price for their healing. So, we just believe that Jesus' name this morning and just go before them. Amen. Also Lord, we just pray for uh our sister Ann as she's traveling um and on somewhat of vacation. So we just pray that she gets rest, she has fellowship, amen, with her her friends and uh she comes back refreshed, renewed. Amen. and uh remember the young men in that's taking her place that the Lord would just bless them poor uh stepping up and uh that uh you know all you need is desire. God will use you if you got a desire. So let's just uh stand this morning. There be any uh desire on your heart this morning whether it be more a holy ghost or for a loved one whatever it would be just before the Lord this morning. Dear heavenly father Lord as we come before you Lord this morning Lord we come Lord because you're here Lord we have uh no place to turn Lord but to the author and finish of our faith Lord God. And as we come, Lord God, we just pray that your anointing would be upon your people, Lord, that they would come, you would come down in a mighty way, Lord, that you would just show them, Lord, and that you're here, Lord, that they could believe by faith, Lord God, that they could just feel your presence this morning, Lord, and as the word would come, Lord, you would just fill them with revelation, Lord. we would fill them with a a strength that they maybe never had before, Lord God, because we know you're the giver of life, Lord. And Lord, as we also come, Lord, before you, Lord, if there be anyone that has a need this morning, a sickness, a sorrow in their heart, Lord, whatever it would be, Lord God, we know that you're the author and finisher for all things, Lord God. So, we come to the one, Lord God. would come to the mighty throne of God this morning, Lord, that you might, Lord, heal us, Lord. You might, Lord, lift us up, Lord. Whatever the need would be this morning, Lord, we put it before you, Lord God, because Lord, there is no place else we can go, Lord. We come to you, Lord, by faith this morning, Lord. Oh, bless those that aren't here, Lord. Bless those that are live streaming this morning, Lord. I pray that you send a uh your portion to them this morning, Lord, that they might see you, Lord, and have a desire to be here, Lord. Wherever they're at, whatever the situation is, Lord God, you you have a mighty arm, Lord, that can reach across all things, Lord God. And we thank you for it, Lord, because we rest, Lord, on our salvation through the shed blood of Jesus Christ this morning, Lord. We love you. We praise you, Lord. and we lift our hearts toward you this morning in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Brother Marty, could you just uh lead us with the offerings? Brother Marty, can you just lead us in offerings? Amen. You may be seated. Amen. My sins are gone. Hallelujah. You ask me why I'm happy. So I'll just tell you why. Because my sins are gone. And when I meet the scoffers who ask me where they are, I say, "My sins are gone. Underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary as far from reverb darkness is from dawn. In the sea of God's forgiveness for it's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. was at the old time altar where God came in my heart and now my sins are gone. The Lord took full possession. The devil did depart. I'm glad my sins are gone. They're underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary. As far from re darkness as from dawn in the sea of God's forgoodfulness that's good enough for me. Praise God my sins are gone. When Satan comes to tempt me and tries to make me doubt, I say my sins are gone. You got me into trouble, but Jesus got me out. I'm glad my sins are gone. Hallelujah. They're underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary. As far from grief, but darkness is from dawn. In the sea of God's forgivenessfulness, that's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. I'm living now for Jesus. I'm happy night and day because my sins are gone. My soul is filled with music. With all my heart I say, I know my sins are gone. They're underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary. As far from the darkness is from dawn in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Or underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary as for my sins are gone. forgiveness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm thankful. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You don't have to live under that. The devil, you know, when he tries to tell, he brings all these things up. &gt;&gt; See, it's only you. Power in the blood. &gt;&gt; There's power in the blood, brother. You got that. Amen. Oh, say, "But I'm glad." I pray that you can say that in your heart this morning. There is a song in my heart today, something I never had. Jesus has taken my sins away. Oh, say, "But I'm glad." Oh, say but I'm glad I'm glad. Oh, say but I'm glad. Jesus has come and my cup's overrun. Oh, say but I'm glad. A wonderful marvelous love he brings into my heart that sad. Though darkness and tunnels and soul just sings, oh say but I'm glad. Oh say but I'm glad. Oh say but I'm glad. Jesus has come and my cup's overrun. Oh say but I'm glad. We have a fellowship rich and sweet. Tongues can never relay. Abiding in him is a real treat. Oh, say but I'm glad. Oh, say but I'm glad. I'm glad. Oh, say but I'm glad. Jesus has come and my cups overrun. Oh, say but I'm glad. Won't you come to him with all your care? Weary and worn and sad. You too will sing as the love you share. Oh, say but I'm glad. Oh, say but I'm glad I'm glad. Oh, say but I'm glad. Jesus has come and my cups overrun. Oh, say, "But I'm glad." Hallelujah. You glad this morning? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. Well, let's just let's just uh stand this morning. Amen. Let's just sing Living on the Hallelujah side. I pray that you're glad and you're living on the Hallelujah side. Once a sinner or far from Jesus, I was perishing with the cold. But the blessed Savior heard me when I cried. Then he threw his robe around me and he led me to his fault. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. Oh, glory be to Jesus. Let the hallelujah roll. Help me sing the Savior praises far and wide. Oh, I open up towards heaven all the windows of my soul. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. Though the world may sweep around me with her dazzle and her dream, yet I envy not her vanities and pride. For my soul looks up to heaven where the golden sunlight gleams. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. Oh, glory be to Jesus. Let the hallelujah roll. Help me sing the Savior praises far and wide. For I open up towards heaven all the windows of my soul. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. Not for all will the millions would I leave this precious place though the tempter to persuade me often try for I'm safe in God's pavilion happy in his love and grace and I'm living on the hallelujah side. Oh glory be to Jesus. Let the hallelujah roll. Help me sing the Savior praises far and wide. For I open up towards heaven all the windows of my soul. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. Here the sun is always shining. Here the sky is always right. There's no place for gloomy Christians to abide. For my soul is filled with music and my heart is full of delight and I'm living on a hallelujah side. Oh, glory be to Jesus. Let the hallelujah roll. Help me sing this praises far and wide. Oh, I open up towards heaven all the windows of my soul. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. And upon the streets of glory when I reach the other shore, we safely cross the Jordan's rolling tide. You will find me shouting glory just outside the mansion door. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. Oh, glory be to Jesus. Let the hallelujah roll. Help me sing the Savior praises far and wide. For I open up towards heaven all the windows of my soul. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. Oh, glory be to Jesus. Let the hallelujah roll. Help me sing the Savior praises far and wide. Oh, I opened up towards heaven, all the windows of my soul, and I'm living on the hallelujah side. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Good to give God praise. &gt;&gt; Amen. Turn with me if you would this morning to the book of St. John chapter 3. Um, this is probably the most read chapter in the Bible when you consider all the churches, the denominational churches. And in this chapter, we have the for God so loved the world verse. And then we also have uh the verse that talks about we must be born again. And um for the the the bride, it may seem like a very shallow subject. um the new birth, but it's really uh the pinnacle of becoming the word. &gt;&gt; And um I think there's a lot of people who are not born again. And uh I think it's an important subject and it's like the pro brother Ron made mention uh that if you got the Holy Ghost, you can't wait till the doors are open. Brother Ram says you cannot sit home. You have to be in church. And I think there's just people who have their own version of what being born again is. &gt;&gt; Uh but um may may God just take this service and help us to dig in a little deeper. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's bow our our hearts in a word of prayer and then we'll read God's word today. Our heavenly father, Lord, we thank you that you've given us this day of life and that you've put a desire in our heart to be here, knowing that there are others that that desire is missing. Lord, we thank you for the desire to serve you and to grow and to to feed upon the word and to be with our precious brothers and sisters of like precious faith to know that we'll be spending eternity with them. Lord, we thank you that you've given us health. Thank you that you've given us your spirit. And Lord, we just thank you for a sound mind. Lord, where would we be without you in our lives today? We just worship you. We praise you, Lord. We look to you now that you would anoint your word to our hearts. We know thy word is anointed, but Lord, may our hearts be quickened that we might be re receive the engrafted word today, Lord. that we might understand the fullness of what it means to be born again and that we would be um not just challenged, Lord, but that all of us would be admonished, encouraged to press in to become more in your image. We pray, Father, we commit the service in your hands. We pray that you'd be with those that are sick and afflicted, those that are live streaming, those that are backsliding. Lord, those that are in a terrible condition, we just ask that you send your spirit after them and bring them back to their rightful position, their post of duty. Lord, that they may serve you with all their heart. God, we'll be ever grateful for these things. We pray now in Jesus Christ's name. &gt;&gt; Amen. St. John chapter 3, we're going to start with verse number one. There was a man of the Pharisees named Nicodemus, a ruler of the Jews. The same came to Jesus by night and said unto him, "Rabbi, we know that thou are a teacher come from God, for no man can do the miracles that thou doest except God be with him." Jesus answered and said unto him, "Verily, I say unto thee, except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God." Nicodemus saith unto him, how can a man be born when he is old, can he enter the second time into his mother's womb and be born? And Jesus answered, "Verily, verily, I say unto thee, except a man be born of water and of the spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God. That which is born of flesh is flesh, and that which is born of spirit is spirit. Marvel not that I said unto thee, you must be born again. The wind bloweth where it listeth, and thou hearest the sound thereof, and cannot tell whether whether it cometh, and whether it goeth." So is everyone that is born of the spirit. Nicodemus answered and said unto him, How can these things be? Jesus said unto unto him, Art thou a master of Israel and knoweth not these things? Verily I say unto thee, we speak that which we do know, and testify of that which we have seen, and ye receive, you receive not our witness. If I have told you earthly things, and you believe not, how shall you believe if I tell you heavenly things? And no man have ascended up to heaven, but he that cometh down from heaven, and the Son of man which is in heaven. A and as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, even so must the Son of Man be lifted up, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have eternal life. And for God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. It's I don't think it's by mistake that Jesus is starting out here telling Nicodemus that you need to be born again. And he's asking how is this going to happen? And then Jesus gives this great verse that God so loved you, Nicodemus, that he's given me as a sacrifice at Calvary that you could have eternal life. Calvary made it possible for us to be born again. Without Calvary, there would be no new birth. There would be no new nature change. The new birth is essential to understanding what the kingdom of God actually is. Everybody's got their own opinion what the new birth is. Everybody's got their own opinion what the kingdom of God is. But it's essential to getting into the kingdom of God. Jesus said that in in order to get into the kingdom of God, in order to understand the kingdom of God, you must be born again. So you don't got any intelligence to figure out. No man knoweth the things of God, save the spirit of God. And and he he's hid it from the wise and prudent, and he's revealed it to to babes. Now, we know that there's an actual place called heaven. And we can never expect to go there until we have received the kingdom of God into our heart. &gt;&gt; So, first thing is first, we've got to receive the kingdom of God into our hearts. Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God. So Calvary didn't just pay the price for our sins to be washed away, but it made it possible for the Holy Ghost to come in so that we would not keep sinning. &gt;&gt; Now, we're we're going to fall every day. We're going to backslide every day. But there's a purpose for the Holy Ghost. It it's to take our lives from an old nature to a new nature. And the new birth is the changing of our nature into the very nature of God. Now that's what the new birth is. It's the actual changing of our old nature into the nature of God. One dies out and the other comes. That is the process of the new birth. And a lot of people will say, "Well, this happened to me. I'm born again." Well, literally God's blessings can fall on the unjust &gt;&gt; and they change for a period of time &gt;&gt; and they revert back to what they were. &gt;&gt; So, their nature really never change. But God has the ability to make you feel good. He has the ability to get you excited, to get you emotional, to get your feelings uh going in a a direction that you you feel like trying. It's like this. You know, Brother Bram's talking about if you have the Holy Ghost, you're going to be in church. That's just all there is to it. Brother, brother says, quoting him, "You can't wait to get there." Now, at a worst case scenario, you're here in church without that booming desire to be here. That's worst case scenario. We all, you know, go through the times where we just don't feel like it. But yet, but we do it because we love God, right? &gt;&gt; Now, the best case scenario is we really can't wait to get there because we've been feeding on the word through the week &gt;&gt; and and we've been spending time in prayer through the week. &gt;&gt; Brother Stan, you look so good with that tie. &gt;&gt; You look good. The receiving of the new birth and the working of the new birth happens in secret. &gt;&gt; Luke 17:20 says, "And when he was demanded of the Pharisees when the kingdom of God should come, he answered them and said, the kingdom of God cometh not with observation." It's nothing we see, you know, on the outside. Neither shall they say, "Lo here, or lo there. Behold, the kingdom of God is within you. &gt;&gt; So, it's a secret thing. It's invisible. The new birth takes place on the inside. It, if I could just say it like this, how many used to smoke and don't smoke anymore? Okay, that is a nature change. That is not like, okay, who used to drive a Ford, but they drive a Chevy now? It's not a a change in what you're smoking. It's you're not driving anymore. You understand what I'm saying? It's a change nature and it happens on the inside. It's invisible, but it will eventually manifest visibly for others to see &gt;&gt; because everybody sees. Those of you that don't smoke anymore, everybody sees you don't smoke anymore. So, it visibly comes out. It's Jesus on the inside working on the outside, as the song goes. Oh, what a change in my heart. Philippians 2:12 says, "Work out your own salvation with fear and trembling." I'll say, if there was a lot more of that, there would be a lot more working out the salvation. Amen. &gt;&gt; But without the fear and trembling kind of people put things on the back burn and all that's not necessary but the Bible says for it is God which workketh in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure right his nature. &gt;&gt; And so do all things without murmurings and disputings. &gt;&gt; Now I want you to know the Bible does say all right. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen to that? all things without murmuring and disputings. Jesus speaking, marvel not that I said unto thee, you must be born again. The wind bloweth where it listeth, and thou hearest not the sound thereof, but cannot tell where it came or where it's going. And he he types this to everyone that's born again. &gt;&gt; So it is with everybody that's born again. You you don't know where it came and you don't know where it's going. So don't try to figure out the new birth. &gt;&gt; It is a work that only is orchestrated by God. Just like the wind that blows. &gt;&gt; You don't know where it came. You don't know where it's going. You don't know. God is orchestrating that. You just can't figure it out. Now weather people can figure out certain things, but they can't figure out everything. We've heard that they have the only job that can be wrong and still get paid. They're still considered they're doing a good job. And Jesus said when he's talking to the Pharisees, he's trying to tell them. He says, "The Pharisees also and the Sadducees came and tempting, desiring him that they would show him a sign from heaven." He answered, "When it is evening, you say it is fair weather, for the sky is red, and in the morning it will be foul weather today, for the sky is red and lowering." Oh, you hypocrites. You can discern the face of the skies, but you cannot discern the signs of the time. So, there are certain things that you literally can figure out about weather. We all got the weather app on our phone and we know that when we look at that weather app app map that you know it's not going to be absolutely 100% positive &gt;&gt; because we've seen it too many times where it said it's going to be sunny and it's raining on you at the time you're looking at it and vice versa. So it's not perfect and there are certain things that we can kind of figure out, we can feel, we can see. But understand God's working of the new birth inside of you is not something for you to figure out. &gt;&gt; But God is what he's wanting you to do is believe the word that's being ministered to you &gt;&gt; because that is what brings the new birth. It's taking the word of God that you hear with these ears. You believe it into your heart. I say it like this. It has to come inside your soul and you start manifesting what you hear. You, In other words, it's like, if I could say it like this, there's a reason these stories are in the Bible where God told Joshua and Moses, "Put your foot in the water. Just start moving forward." And when when they did, the waters parted, &gt;&gt; right? So you hear the word of God, you say, "Yes, I'm going to start doing this right in the middle of your messy, watery life." &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; And all of a sudden, things just start to depart to the side and your nature begins to change. &gt;&gt; But you have to move forward with you can't just say, "I I've heard that scripture before. I've heard three John 3:16. I've heard you must be born again." No, you must apply the word of God because that's what brings the new birth. Apply the living word of God. The new birth is not a partial nature change. &gt;&gt; We're not living in Luther's church age. We're not living in Wesley's. &gt;&gt; We're not even living in the Pentecostal age. The new birth is not just justification. We have to move on. We have to grow up. We have to come to the the statue of a mature Christian. We need to be mature Christians. &gt;&gt; So, how do I know I'm a mature Christian? I act mature in the middle of a trial. I mean, Jesus when it when it come time, okay, when it came time to Calvary, Jesus said, "Not my will, thy will be done. when they were when they were told, "Don't you preach about the gospel anymore," they said, "we we're not afraid of man. We're not ashamed of man." And and they went forward because they were mature in the middle of their trial. And and they were thrown in prison and they were whipped and they came out. They were rejoicing because they were literally persecuted for not for not doing anything wrong. If you're a godly Christian, you're going to suffer persecution. People are going to talk about you. People are going to talk behind your back. They're going to they're going to do all sorts of things because that's just what the word says. Doesn't mean you did wrong. It just means a a a a a true Christian is going to be tried. But we have to grow up. Brother Ram said in the message, "You must be born again." He says, "Listen, are you listening?" Say, "Amen." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He said, "Congregation says, "Amen." He says, "What may grow up unto him?" What? Tomorrow, no. Grow up to him. Grow up. Grow up unto him which is the head, even Christ. Growing up into him. Oh, there's I remember, brother. This is brother. I really want to read this. He says, "I remember the first sermon I preached. I got up there and I thought I did really well. And all the old ladies sat around and they just cried a little bit, you know, and said, "Oh, what a wonderful boy." The old pastor Davis, Dr. Davis, was an old lawyer. And I went down and and he said, "I want to see you down at the house." And I said, "All right." I walked in the next day and, you know, all swelled up. And I said, "How do I do, Dr. Davis. He said, "The rottness I ever heard." I said, "What?" Or, "Brother Ram said, what?" He said, "Yes, the worst I've ever heard." I said, "Oh." I said, "Brother Davis, everybody was crying." And he said, "Yes, they cry at funerals. They cry at births and everything else." He said, "What it is, Billy? You never quoted one bit of God's word. You talked about some mother that had done gone on or something like this and everybody got to crying and you're not born. He says you're not born upon things and sensations of this earth. You're born by the word. &gt;&gt; Oh, he cut the wind right out of me. He says, I'm glad he did. See, not jumping up and down and hollering. That isn't it. It's the word that makes alive. The word quicken, not experiences. The word experiences come and go. We can all say some great experience that we had in the past that's really not even affecting our life today. &gt;&gt; But when the word changes you, you're changed. &gt;&gt; So, we're living not in another age. We're living in what brother Brandham called the eagle age. It's the capstone age. The bride in this age is more advanced than any other age. In other words, the new birth in this age requires more than any other group, any other age. This is why it's important for us to really just, you know, get get serious. I got a lot of quotes. I hope it's okay if I do some quoting this morning. &gt;&gt; Amen. Brother said in the message, the countdown, he says, "But we're so advanced, the spirit of God into other things that we've got now, they have never had back there." They had just left the automobile. They uh got their feet off into the air. So, they went a few spiritual gifts, speaking in tongues and shouting, singing spiritual songs. Why? They was floating up around there like butterflies. See, that was a great age. But oh brother, we are lifted far above that now. The church is way beyond that. The spiritual church, it's the ego age now. The astronaut flying above and looking down at the fellow citizen chicken. We're far above that. Way up yonder in the heavenlies where Christ becomes the full thing. I like that. where Christ becomes the full thing that takes completely over and lives his life and acts through you exactly like he did here on earth. &gt;&gt; So, brother Brandham is telling us this is the only age where we completely become Christ. &gt;&gt; That is enough there to make me say, God, I need more of you. I could stop right there and say, you know what we need to do is just seek more of God, seek more of the Holy Ghost. Let the Holy Ghost come in because unless he completely takes over, how will we have what we need to go into rapture? We're not living in Luther's age. It's not just about believing like the other churches. It's not just having your your life cleaned up a little bit. It's it's that it's not that. Brother Brandon speaks of this evil uh eagle age in the four, fifth, and sixth seal. And I just want to read some quotes. He says, 'Now watch, I want to read this close so that I be sure. Wrote down some of the place stand here under not under the revelation of the lion's age or the first age, the early age that wasn't revealed. The next age was the ox age, that was the dark ages, the middle ages, it wasn't revealed. It um it wasn't revealed as it is as it was. nor the man like beast of wisdom representing the reformers Luther Wesley and so forth it wasn't revealed but in the eagle age the last age the prophetic age where there is to rise a prophetic entrance uh a a prophetic untrant utterance I knew it would come see to whom the secrets always come saying I will do nothing except to reveal my secrets to the prophets he's quoting there but You let a crow try to fly with an eagle or a hawk, either one, he will disintegrate, he's got to be pressurized for what he goes through. And that's the trouble today. Some of us don't get pressurized. In other words, we don't get the Holy Ghost. That's what he's saying. We explode too quick. You see, we're just jumping and we got to be pressurized. When you get up there and have that keen sight of an ego to see what's coming and know what to do, know what to do. That's what the Holy Ghost gives you. It it it it tells you what to do. Now, the eagle age revealed it. Now, we find that the eagle age was promised in Revelations 10:7 and Malachi 1:4, Malachi 4, uh 1-4. That would be no four, five, and six. I'm sorry. Four, five, and six. He just said 1 four. And I know that, but I'm going to say four, five, and six. That would be in the last days. See, that's where we're at here. So, he's trying to tell us that the ministry that came through the prophet is what really gets us into the rapture. It shoots us up into a rapture, right? That's why he talks it types it as an astronaut shooting up. And then the fifth seal, brother says, "And then at the last power, he brings down the eagle to restore the children back to the original faith of their fathers." So the goal is to get us back to where we were, the eagle age. Then you notice there is no beast. There's no more beasts. That's all there is. That's the end. Now, if you would take now Revelations 10 1-7, I'm referring to it. Remember in the last the last messengers age, see what was to happen? All the mysteries of God were to be finished. That's the eagle. And in the Bible, the last age was the eagle age. And God likes and eagles are prophets. Now watch the last age. The age a revealer of the true word. A revealer of the true word. It's more the the message of the prophet is more important than any other preaching of the word. Can you say amen? And then the last one, the sixth seal. It is the age, it is the eagle age that gets the word and the revelation. It is the eagle age that gets the word and the revelation. All that understand that, raise up your hands. That's good. That's fine. That's good. The reformers could not understand this word. Now, here we are in lukewarm leodysia. where everybody is just lukewarm. And we're also told in this last age, there's a falling away, a drifting back, a an apostasy, a a lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God. A a a going backwards. And in this lukewarm age, God calls a bride an eagle age. &gt;&gt; So, so you see you both things could be happening. The the the the mate believer, the unbeliever are sliding backwards, &gt;&gt; but the true believer catches the revelation of the message of the hour &gt;&gt; and she is being dressed with the word and getting ready. She's making herself ready for the rapture. &gt;&gt; So the new birth is not a partial change. I want to bring this point across. Do not settle for where you're at. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; As that's why the prophet said, "Pinch your conscience. Get driving to get more of God in your life." &gt;&gt; Do not wait till things subside and everything's fine in your life and you got lots of money. And I tell you, I got less money than I've ever had before. [Laughter] Me too. The secret comes out. Okay. But you know what? We want more of God. &gt;&gt; And we can't wait till things are convenient. &gt;&gt; We got to we got to just sacrifice. We don't want to stop after baptism. We don't want to stop after we our lives get cleaned up a little bit. Well, I used to do this. I'm not doing it now, so I must be okay. That's a terrible mentality. We've got to keep moving. We got to keep growing. We got to be keep becoming. We got to hold our beetting confidence steadfast to the end until we see Job said, "I will not be satisfied till I awaken his likeness." And we need that same attitude. Paul said, "I press towards the mark." So the new birth is not a partial nature change. So when you're when you think about your own life and you're thinking about, am I born again? Of course I'm born again. I'm not going to deny I'm born again because don't do that. I want you to say, is your life is your is your nature completely changed. &gt;&gt; You know, be honest with yourself. Hold yourself to the higher standard. And the higher standard is the word of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. Jesus said in Matthew 13:33, it was a parable, but he said, "The kingdom of heaven is like is like unto Levven, which a woman took and hid in three measures of meal, till the whole was leaven." And brother Brandham taught us that justification was part of the new birth and sanctification was and the the the baptism of the Holy Ghost is part of the the new birth. But we need the whole thing. And the whole thing gives us a nature a complete nature change. &gt;&gt; That doesn't mean you're not going to make mistakes and things like that. That's not what I'm saying. But what I'm saying is that we we we ought to be keep pressing on. Think about this. We know God wants us to press on, right? &gt;&gt; We we know that. We know that's God's nature. And if we say we have God's nature inside, that means God inside of us is saying press on. &gt;&gt; You follow what I'm saying? So the very fact that we're not feeling that press on like we should, you know, we might be coasting back into lukewarm leodysia, which is a very scary thing. So we've got to become the word of God manifested in this hour. Not just saying I'm in the message or I believe the prophet, but we must become what that what he brought us. There was a reason he brought it. He did not bring us the word so we could just identify, oh yeah, that's the truth. No, the truth sets you free. And so we must become the truth. We must become the truth. John said in 1 John 3:2, "Beloved, now are we the sons of God today." Can you say amen to that? &gt;&gt; And it does not yet appear what we shall be, but we know, we got a revelation in this age. When he shall appear, we shall be like him, for we shall see him as he is. How many believes that to be the truth? &gt;&gt; Okay. Now, look at verse three. And every man that has this hope in him, what is he doing? He's purifying himself even as he is pure. In other words, he he's staying focused that he's going to be like Jesus. &gt;&gt; He doesn't have this mentality, well, I'm just going to go to church and learn about Jesus and, you know, I'm going to become somehow more like him. It's it's not it's not a carnal denominational view. The bride needs to become the word. And so, she is serious about becoming the word. And anytime that we're going to work on purifying ourselves, is that going to feel good? It's not going to feel good at all. It It hurts to become more like Jesus. &gt;&gt; It does. We all got a cross to bear. Romans 8:18, for I reckon, I say this in words of comfort to you today, for I reckon that the sufferings of this present time, what we're going through, our suffering, are not worthy to be compared with the glory that shall be revealed in us. for the earnest expectation of the whole creation the is waiting for us to be manifested now the world ain't going to be manifested I mean into sons of God they're going to become more like the devil but they're not going to become manifest as sons of God but think that all God's creation is waiting for us &gt;&gt; I mean they're there going, "John, when are you going to get it together?" &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; And and sometimes we're just, you know, trying to make it through the day that and our goal needs to be, I want to be more like Jesus. I want to be more like him. So, we need to go on to perfection. You know, Paul said to the Hebrews church, "Let us go on to perfection," which means completion, complete nature change, not laying again the foundation of repentance and that not just kind of starting over and over, you know, backsliding, starting over, backsliding, starting over. Don't don't have that mentality, but go have the mentality of keep marching forward. There are better there are things uh better things that are persuaded of you and the things that accompany real salvation, &gt;&gt; right? We're we're the eagle age. We're not we're not competing with the denominations. We're not we're not we're not here I'm a little bit better than the denomination. I'm a non-denominational church to believe I'm I'm better than they. No, we're we're we're competing against this nature here that don't want to die out &gt;&gt; and become the word. And and so that that's why this this message is not real favorable for the flesh, right? It's it's it's it's for the bride. All right. Ephesians chapter Ephesians chapter 2. The new birth is changing our nature into the very nature of God. I just want to go through this. We all should be able to relate to this here. Ephesians 2, chapter 3. Just trying to describe the new birth a little bit to kind of let this sink in. Bible says in verse three, "Among whom also we all had our conversation in the times past and lust of the flesh, fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind, and were by nature the children of wrath, even as others." So there was no comparison when we were in the world. You could not you cannot you could not tell a child of God um from a sinner. You know, and Jesus in the parable tells us about the the tears and the wheat they grow together. They look the same, right? It's when they grow up that they brother Brandham taught us it was like at the at the very end that that you you realize what the difference was at the very end. And this is the end age. This is where you can really tell, right, by their fruits, you'll know them. Just like when you see a baby and a Oh, that cute baby. I mean, Hitler was a cute baby at one time. I mean, he was I I would have I would have held him. He came to church. His mom would have asked me. I would have held him. I would have said, "You little cutie." Come on. You would have, too. but not after they grow up. You understand? And and it's the grown up time. But God who is rich in mercy for his great love were with he loved us. And when we were dead in sins, he did something to us. He quickened us together with Christ. and by grace you're saved and raised us up together and made us to sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. So God the the new birth, he did something. It was all him. He came and he quickened our nature and he got our attention. Yeah, I'm a son of God. I know I'm a son of God. How do I know it? Because something in me identifies with it. Therefore, I'm going to repent. I'm going to get baptized. And I'm going to give my life to God. &gt;&gt; Amen. and and that's how it started. But too many people stop after that. Colossians chapter 3:8, we're describing the new birth, the nature change. Colossians chapter 3:8 But now ye also put off all these anger, wrath, malice, blasphemy, filthy communication out of your mouth. So we all had our conversations in times past, right? Now put off. put off the old nature. Lie not one to another, seeing that you have put off the old man with his deeds, and have put on the new man. Okay, the new nature which is renewed in knowledge after what? After the image of him that created him, it is God that brings the new birth inside of you. The new man is Christ inside of you where there is neither Greek nor Jew circumcision or uncircum barbarian cynthian bond nor free but Christ is all and in all put on in other words there's no excuse of who you are what your past is in other words if you got the new birth you got to put off those things and you got to put on new things put on therefore as the elect of God. If you're the elect of God, then be holy, beloved, bowels of mercy, kindness, humbleness of what? Mind. Your mind needs to be humble, meekness, longsuffering, forbearing one another, for forgiving one another. If any man ever qu against other, even as Christ forgave you, you also do you. You know what that's being described to me right there, brother Ron? What's being described to me is you're now living for others. You don't live for yourself and you know try to be long-suffering with others. That whole thing is describing what eternal life is. You're actually living for others. It's no longer looking for somebody to give you mercy. You're looking to give mercy to somebody. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You're not looking to be loved. You're looking to love. Praise God. I love the word of God today. Can you say amen to the word of God? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. And above all these things, put on charity, &gt;&gt; which is the bond of perfectness. And let the peace of God ruin your heart to the which also you are called in one body, and be ye thankful. You know, that'll get the devil out of your life. Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly in all wisdom, teaching admonishing one another in psalms and hymns, spiritual songs, singing with grace in your heart to the Lord. And whatsoever you do in worded, you do it all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God and the father by him. Now, how does our nature change? How does it change? We are changed by one thing and only by one thing and that is the word of God. &gt;&gt; You cannot change your nature. &gt;&gt; You can put peacock feathers in in how you talk or how you act from time to time. I call those peacock feathers. But that won't make you a beautiful Christian. &gt;&gt; So true. A beautiful Christian comes from a beautiful God. The Holy Ghost, the nature of God, living and living for others right out of your body. That's a beautiful Christian. Living for others. The nature of Christ. The word of God is the only thing that can change you permanently. We are born by the word of God. We're born by the will of God. We are born by the word. This is what births us. How do I get this inside of me? How do I get that in here? It can only come in through free more agency, &gt;&gt; not just sacrifices because obedience is better than sacrifice. He gives the Holy Ghost to them that obey. I am telling you that obedient part is when you put your foot in the water when you don't know what's going to happen. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; It's like I don't know what's going to happen in my life. I don't know if I'm going to lose my friends. I don't know if anybody's going to like me when I'm done. I I don't know what they're going to think about me when uh my spouse yells at me, but I'm not going to yell back. I don't know what's going to happen. Then you put your foot in the water and pretty soon you've got the power of God coming out of you. Is that real? If the word doesn't change you, you'll never be changed. Amen. &gt;&gt; Your nature changes as you accept the word of God into your soul, not your head. It's not just saying amen from here, but it's saying amen from the place that love dwells. &gt;&gt; I love the word. I want to become the word. I want to be like Jesus. Then and only then can the word birth you into a new nature. And this is what it means to be born again. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; All right. In the message, the signs of his coming. Brother Ram says, "And if it's the word of the Lord, then his pre-meditated, then it's his premeditated thoughts." If it's the word of the Lord, then it's his premeditated thoughts. Amen. That's how we have eternal life because he was spoken. Because we was spoken into existence by God. I like that. Not by joining the church, but born by the word, the original seed that God said, "Let there be." And there was. And that's the way God bs his children today in the womb of their heart with his word. And his word takes root and it grows. So is, you know, to be honest with you, just sitting here and just kind of being common sense just is really getting more serious with the word of God. You know, saying I I want I want the word to be born in me. I I just want that and and I'm I'm I'm not I'm not just going to be here for an hour or two, but you know, I'm going to go home and I'm going to think about this and and I'm going to I'm going to spend some time reading and and praying and and asking God to birth him himself in me because that's what's happening. It's God birthing himself in you. That's what it means to be born again. It's it's not it's it's God in you. Oh my. That's why the the Pharisees didn't like Jesus saying he was the son of God because God don't have any children. We're all We're all God. We're a part of God. He took a part of us. &gt;&gt; And he threw it like that. He predestinated in the hearts of people. That's why the Bible teaches us that we're gods. And and brother Brandham said, you have you have the power inside of you to go create a world and go live on it because it's Christ in us, the hope of glory. We're birthed by a living God, not a dead letter, not trying to do dos and don'ts, not keeping the ten commandments. We're birthed by a living God. It's coming in contact with a a spirit that desiring to live inside of us. He says, "How can a spirit in a human heart say it's of God and deny this word?" And I love that challenge, Brother Marty. You say you have the Holy Spirit, but you're going to tell me with your your your your mouth that the word of God isn't true, and this is not what it means. When the very God word itself is is what is in the human heart and if it isn't, it's some something else. Then it isn't the Holy Spirit there. All right? So, he's trying to tell us that when you receive the spirit of God inside your heart, you're going to say amen to every word of God. You're going to agree with the word of God because the Holy Spirit is what wrote this word. It wasn't written by men of old. But holy men of God is they were moved on by the Holy Ghost. And when that holy that same Holy Spirit comes and lives inside you, you will say amen to that. I want that for my life, Lord. &gt;&gt; Now, here's the biggest thing. My my biggest concern is that we don't miss the new birth, that we we get completely born again, that we don't come short. Because there's I'm telling you, there's churches out there that will fight you tooth and nail that they're born again. &gt;&gt; And they have no concept of what it really even means. And so, this is a serious thing in this age. It's more than in Luther's age. In Luther's age, we could just sit there and say, "I believe and feel justified." But not in this age. This age, we've got to take the whole word. And and I'm sorry, it's the hardest age, Brother Ram said, to live in. And I don't think it's just because of all the things that were up up against us, but the whole word is required of us. And the righteous scarcely make it, right? is it's no seabbze. 1 Peter chapter 1 18. 1 Peter chapter 1 18. Are you getting something out of this? &gt;&gt; Okay. For as much as you know that you were not redeemed with corruptible things as silver and of gold from your vain conversations, received by tradition from your fathers, but with the precious blood of Christ as of a lamb without blemish and without spot, who verily was fore orained before the foundation of the world, but was manifest in these last times for you, who by him do believe in God that raised him from the dead and gave him glory that your faith and hope might be in God. Seeing seeing that you believe this, seeing that you have purified your souls now in obeying the truth. Now notice not now notice what purifies the soul. It's not just the blood at Calvary. &gt;&gt; That does wash away your sins. But what purifies the soul is obeying the word that's presented to you. That puts you in a different position with God. Seeing that you have purified your souls in obeying the truth through the spirit unto unfeigned love of the brethren. Oh, I love that. See that you love one another with a pure heart fervently. See how the the the the soul the purifying of the soul is is you're obeying the truth through the spirit and you have the unconditional love of God and and and that you love one another. Every you just love everybody. I mean this this is what brings about a purifying inside when you love everybody. when you try to have this personal walk with God and you know it's between me and God and I can hate who I'm going to hate and like who I'm going to like and you know you that is so far deceived we got the I'm so glad that we got the word of God to straighten things out where would we be without the word of God all right verse 23 where I want to get to being born again not of corruptible seed but of incorruptible by the word of God which liveth and abideth forever. We're born again by the word of God. There it is right there. That's scripture. Born again by the word which lives and abides forever. In other words, it's the same yesterday, today, and forever. God is the same yesterday, and forever. I think you should be the same yesterday, today, and forever. Can you say amen to that? Amen. &gt;&gt; I I think I I I think we need to be what Jesus is. That's what God's calling us to be, the new birth. &gt;&gt; For all flesh is as grass, and the glory of man is the flower of grass, and the grass wither, and the flower of our faith way. was having uh dinner the other day and Aayesh I was talking to Cheryl and I said it's just something all these people have died that we know and all the I'm sure those of you that at one time you you watch certain actors when they were in the prime of their youth and they had these great movies and they they just they either looked handsome or look pretty whichever actress or actress and and they get they get old and and they die and you look back and they got this legacy and and and they were whatever whatever whatever it was. But it's nothing. It's nothing. It's gone. It It's a vapor. It It's something. Only what's done for Christ is ever going to last, ever going to mean anything when we're dead. It's it's what happens. What is what we do for Christ is the only thing we'll be able to take with us &gt;&gt; on the other side. You don't have to be a great actor. You don't have to have lots of money. &gt;&gt; You don't have to do some great thing. Just love God with all your heart. &gt;&gt; Love God with all your heart. So all flesh, yours and mine, is as grass. And the glory of man, look at me, as the flower of grass. And the grass witherth, and the flower thereof fallth away. But the word of the Lord endures forever. And this is the word which by the gospel was preached unto you. The word of God is what brings a new nature that permanently keeps you like Jesus. Keeps you. We're born by the word. Amen. First John chapter 11. Not 1 John. St. John chapter 1 verse 11. I'll get it right. I got a little nervous. Run out of time. Got more scriptures to go. Jesus said he came to his own and his own received him not. But as many as received him to this group of people to become sons of God, he gave them power to become sons of God. Even to them that believe on his name. As many as received him. That's free more agency right there. Just receive the word. Well, you you may say, "I've already received Jesus into my heart." But when you come to church and the word is being preached to you, that's Jesus being preached to you. &gt;&gt; And you need to receive that word in order to receive Jesus today. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Is it you? It's you. You don't say, "I've already received Jesus, but I don't want his word." That's what the denominations do. &gt;&gt; All right. which were born not of blood, nor the will of the flesh, nor the will of man, but of God. It's not it's not just the will of our flesh or our parents' will or our spouse's flesh that brings the new birth. The new birth comes when God's spoken word is spoken to you. You accept it into your heart. and you begin to walk in it. And that is what brings the new life. And the new life is the testimony that you're born again. I'm telling you, you could be I I remember I outright thinner smoking, drinking, you name it, I did it. Did a lot up to my age, right? I got it all done, you know, very quickly. didn't wait till I was 25. And I remember there was a little tug of war with God. But when I made the decision that I'm going to give my life to God, I made that decision and I went and I got baptized and I still had things of the world hanging on me. But I know the new birth started, James. It had started because I walked in the truth that was presented be to me. I didn't even know what was wrong. All the things that were wrong in my life. I they were yet to be preached to me and told to me. Now, some of them I knew. I just knew that God wasn't really dealing with this is the first thing I got to do. I mean, he didn't say, you know, go stop your smoking, then I'll I'll think about accepting you into my kingdom. He didn't do that. But what we do need to do is we need to get serious with God wherever we're at. I mean, there came a time that I had to give up stuff. And that that why did that have to happen, Sister Lori? That had to happen so the new birth could continue. so it can continue in my life. And here here I am in 2025. And what is what is needed, brother Jonathan, for me is for the new birth to continue. I want to become more like Jesus. Uh Paul said after 30 something years, I'm not there. &gt;&gt; I haven't attained. I haven't apprehended. But I'm pressing towards because there's a deep calling inside of me to be more like Jesus. And it's, you know, if it was through free more agency that I got baptized, it has to be through more agency that I become more like Jesus today. It don't stop and it's not automatically there. It is not automatically there. That is why Jesus said we must die daily. We must crucify our flesh. &gt;&gt; We must uh put off the old man. We must put on the new man because our flesh isn't just willing to just get all excited about God. Sometimes we got to stomp them down and say, "I'm going to praise the Lord even if I don't feel like it. &gt;&gt; I'm going to come to church and say amen to the word of God, but I don't feel like it." Because I'm on the hallelujah side. I'm not on the downer side. I'm on the hallelujah side. All right. Romans chapter 8 verse 10. If Christ be in you, Lord, help me to get through this. If Christ be in you, the body is dead because of sin, but the spirit is life because of righteousness. But if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell inside of you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by the spirit that dwelleth in you. So there's the key. There's the key to the rapture. If you got the Holy Ghost, God is not going to leave you behind. &gt;&gt; You're not going to be left behind. It is it is the token for the rapture. But it can't be just part. It can't be just justification. And that's a that's a working of the Holy Ghost. But it can't just be that. You've got to be sure that you're sure that you're sure that you're you're just like him. &gt;&gt; And and and when you're not seeing that in your life, you need to be putting time into that. Put time into it because it's the only way it's going to get there. If I wait till I got all my bills paid, I'm going to tell you, I think I think the rapture is going to come first. This is not my desire, but I know my bills and I know how much is coming in weekly and it is not looking good. But you know, they can have it. They can have the greenhouse when we're when we're gone, right? And they'll get a lot more out of it than what I own. But don't wait till things are just all keep, you know, perfect for you. Seek the Holy Ghost which is the living word of God. Not the dead letter but the living word of God. Jesus said the words that I speak unto you, they are spirit in their life. We know when God does birth us, we will live after the word. That's what I want to tell you. When you do get the Holy Ghost, when you do become born again, you will live after the word. It won't be something that you can just take or leave. You won't have that attitude. It's not something you can run away from. It's not something you can choose to stay home from church. When you become born again, something takes place in your life. And when God b you by the spoken word, you will love after the word. You will seek after the word. You will crave to hear the word of God ministered. We will begin to have a love affair with the word. The word will become an open book. It'll be the only thing you want to talk about. Amen. It'll be the only thing that you really, really want to talk about. We'll reverence the word more than we've ever reverenced it before. The message of the hour will birth us into rapturing faith. Can you say amen to that? That's just that's just the message of the hour. The word of God begins to take effect in our natural lives and we begin to overcome things because the overcomers living in you. And before you know it, uh you start to overcome this and you overcome that and you know how to handle this and you know how to handle that. And before you know it, you're helping others to overcome. This is how you overcome that. And this is what would do. This will help you get to where you want to get to over here. And before you know it, you're overcomers. You're the church of the overcomers and you Jesus said um he comes knocking. If you open the door, let me in. We'll suck together. He says to him that overcomemeth, I will grant to sit with me in my in my throne as I have overcame as I have overcame and sat with my father in his throne. So the key to getting this new birth is to be overcomers. And there's a lot to overcome in this world. &gt;&gt; There's a lot to overcome. But the new birth is what brings it. Amen. &gt;&gt; Brother Brandon said in the message conflict between God and Satan. He says, "Now what is the word of God?" The word of God is God himself. So God gave the believer himself. That's how important the word is. We're really hearing God. We're just not hearing a book called the Bible, but we're hearing God. This is the heart of God. That's why God God wants it wants his word to be reverenced. God gave the believer himself. Amen. Woo. He says it's God himself. He gave the believer himself to attack the enemy by. In other words, he's the father and the word is God. Then the word is our father and we're born by the word and he's standing in the front forefront of his children. Amen. There you are. We're standing out there. Uh he's standing out there for his children. And what are we scared about? The rapture is sure. The coming is sure. Every blessing there's been promised is ours. All belongs to us because God is inside of us. That's why nothing can separate us from the love of God because he's inside. He's not an Indian giver. He makes a promise. Right? So when you're born by the word, your new nature will also cause you to stop living for yourself because eternal life, brother says, is living for others. And it starts here on earth. The kingdom of God is inside of us here. So we don't wait till we go to heaven to start living for others. We start living for others right here, right now, today. &gt;&gt; I love that. But the Brandon said in the message uh that day on Calvary, he says, "Now look what the day on Calvary did to you. It paid your price. It settled the question. He says, "Your sins, you know, you know, it got warm in here." He says, "Your your sins be as scarlet. Uh they're as white as snow, but like crimson, white as wool." Then you have no sin. You're perfectly sinless. No matter what you've done or what you'll do, you're still sinless. As long as you've accepted Jesus Christ as your savior, your sins are forgiven. Anything is forgiven is remitted and forgotten about. You say amen to that. Right? &gt;&gt; Then what does it do? This is the most important part of the quote. It gives you after that condition his spirit to follow him and to do as he did for others who is following on. He was just one man the perfect man. He gave his life and he made an example for you. And now what must we do? Question mark. Now the first thing I want to say is Jesus never lived for himself. His life was spent for others. That's perfectly eternal life. When you say you go to church and do good things, that's fine. But when you live your life to yourself, you have an eternal life. It should be a big amens on that one. Eternal life is living for others. It proved it. When come the lamb of God, he lived and had eternal life. And because he did not live for himself, he lived for others. For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son. And you receive eternal life by receiving that today. And you don't live for yourself no more. You live for others. And someone said, "How can you stand and let somebody call you such bad names? And you don't." He says, "You don't live for yourself. You live for others. you might redeem that man, you become sons. And the trouble of it is the church has forgotten they were sons. In other words, they call me a bad name and I'm not going to like them anymore. That's that's what that they they forgot they were a child of God and they have that attitude. He says, "But you're a son. You're taking Christ's place. You're a son. So you don't live for yourself. You live for others." Well, brother Brandon, I can live for this brother because he sure is a nice man. He said, 'Th that's not it. He says, 'Live for the man that hates you. Live for the person who will kill you if they could. That's what they that's uh that's what they done to him. They killed him and he died that he might save them. That's eternal life. when you when that's in your bosom, he says, you're facing heaven then, but you sacrifice your own things and give them up like the sheep gives up its woe. You look on towards Calvary. And I hope this helps you get to get in a place. That's what the tabernacle, that's what all the people has got to do is find out where you are, what the purpose. Church isn't going to church just to play music and sing songs. Church is a place where correction, judgment begins at the house of God. So we must reckon ourselves dead and alive to Christ. And he made the way that would sacrifice ourselves to his service to follow him. And if we follow him, we will lead the life that he lived. And that's he said that's wonderful. Eternal life is really living for others. That's what it means to be born again. You're you're I would say don't stop until you know you become like Christ to the point that you're living for others. And I just I know we're just a couple minutes past, but I want to read this real quick. It's in 2 Corinthians 5:17. Therefore, if any man be in Christ, he's a new creature. Old things are passed away, behold, all things have become new, and all things are of God, who have reconciled us by Jes to himself by Jesus Christ, and have given to us a ministry of reconciliation, to with that God was in Christ, reconciling the world to himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them, and have committed unto us the word of reconciliation. Now then we are ambassadors for Christ as though God did beseech you by us. We pray you in Christstead. Be reconciled to God. Get get right with God. For he have made him to be sin for us who knew no sin that we might be the righteousness of God in him. Let's stand together. I say it like this. Keep moving forward until you see the whole word of God living inside of you. &gt;&gt; Don't stop. Don't stop. Don't stop seeking Christ. If if you be risen with Christ and seek those things which are above, where Christ siteth on the right hand of God. Amen. Let's sing that chorus. He's still working on me. I can sing this with all my heart. Amen. That's F. He's still working on me to make me what I ought to be. It took him just a week to make the moon and the stars, the Earth and the Sun, Jupiter and Mars. How loving and patient he must be. He's still working on me. He's still working on me. To make me what I ought to be. It took him just a week to make the moon and the stars, the sun and the earth and Jupiter and Mars. How loving and patient he must be. He's still working on me. One more time. Oh, still working on me. To make me what I ought to be. It took him just a week to make the moon and the stars, the sun and the earth and Jupiter and Mars. How loving and patient he must be. He's still working on me. Jesus on the inside. Jesus on the inside, working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Jesus on the inside, working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Jesus on the inside, working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Oh, what a change in my life. Jesus on the inside, working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Jesus on the inside working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Jesus on the inside, working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Oh, what a change in my life. Amen. Amen. Let's sing. It's not by might. We don't want to figure it out. We just want to start start following the word. Amen. It's not by might. It's not by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord. It's not by might, it's not by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord. This mountain shall be removed. This mountain shall be removed. His mountain shall be removed by my spirit, saith the Lord. It's not by might. It's not by power, but by my spirit, say, "Amen. We want more of you, Lord. It's not by might. is not by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord. This mountain shall be removed. This mountain shall be removed. This mountain shall be removed. By my spirit said,
