################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - 5.17.25 - In A Desert Place - Darrell Ward - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-18
Title:    5.17.25 - In A Desert Place - Darrell Ward
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   Send The Light Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 35m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_Q9cmBIY10
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. love you Lord. singing. I love you, Lord. I love you. In moments like these, I sing out a song. I sing out a love song to Jesus. In moments like these, I lift up my hands. I lift up my hands to the Lord. Singing I love you, Lord. Singing I love you Lord. Singing I love you Lord. I love you. In moments like these I sing out a song. I sing out a love song to Jesus. In moments like these, I lift up my hands. I lift up my hands to the Lord. Singing I love you, Lord. Singing I love you, Lord. Singing I love you, Lord. I love you. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. I want to make sure you hadn't fallen asleep. Praise God. He's given us a beautiful day to serve him. Amen. He's given us a breath of life that we can praise him. Amen. And he's brought us here together so we can hear his word. That that sounds good enough for me. I'm ask brother Bill Bailey if he'll just open in a word of prayer. Amen. Help us all. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. We have come into this house. Amen. We have come into this place. We've gathered in his name to worship him. We have come into this place. We've gathered in his name to worship him. We have come into this place. We've gathered in his name to worship Christ the Lord. Worship him Jesus Christ our Lord. Just forget about yourself and concentrate on him and worship him. Just forget about yourself and concentrate on him and worship him. Just forget about yourself and concentrate on him and worship Christ the Lord. Worship him Jesus Christ our Lord. Lord, let us lift up holy hands and magnify his name and worship him. Let us lift up holy hands and magnify his name and worship him. him. Let us lift up holy hands and magnify his name and worship Christ the Lord. Lord, worship him Jesus Christ our Lord. We have come into this place. We've gathered in his name to worship him. him. We have come into this place. We've gathered in his name to worship him. We have come into this place. We've gathered in his name to worship Christ the Lord. Worship him Jesus Christ our [Music] Lord. Just forget about yourself. Concentrate on him and worship him. Just forget about yourself and concentrate on him and worship him. Just forget about yourself and concentrate on him and worship Christ the Lord. Worship him Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. So just forget about everything. Victory ahead. Amen. When the hosts of Israel led by God round the walls of Jero softly tried, trusting in the Lord, they felt the conqueror's tread. By faith they saw the victory ahead. Victory ahead. Victory ahead. Through the blood of Jesus, victory ahead. Trusting in the Lord, I hear the conqueror's tread. By faith, I see the victory ahead. David with a shepherd's sling and five stones. Met the giant on the field all alone. Trusting in the Lord, he knew what God had said. My faith is saw the victory ahead. Victory ahead. Victory ahead. Through the blood of Jesus. Victory ahead. Trusting in the Lord. I hear the conqueror's tread. By faith I see the victory ahead. Daniel prayed unto the Lord Christ each day. Then into the lion's dead led the way. Trusting in the Lord he did what hear nor dread. By faith he saw the victory ahead. Victory ahead. Victory ahead through the blood of Jesus. Victory ahead. Trusting in the Lord, I hear the conqueror's tread. By faith I see the victory ahead. Often with a carnal mind, I was tried. Asking for deliverance, [Music] often I was dead. By faith I saw the victory ahead. Victory ahead. Victory ahead through the blood of Jesus. Victory ahead. Trusting in the Lord, I hear the conqueror's tread. By faith, I see a victory ahead. When with gone before to that land, my death's river cold and dark I shall stand. Trusting in the Lord, I will not fear or dread. By faith, I see the victory ahead. Victory ahead. Victory ahead. Through the blood of Jesus. Victory ahead. Trusting in the Lord, I hear the conqueror's tread. By faith, I see the victory ahead. Victory ahead. Victory ahead through the blood of Jesus. Victory ahead. Trusting in the Lord, I hear the conqueror's tread. By faith, I say the victory ahead. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. You got to claim it. Amen. That's right. Right, Sister Cheryl? You got to claim it. Amen. Doesn't matter if your feet, your ankles hurting, don't matter. We're claiming the victory. Amen. I believe Jesus saves. He's still saving tonight. Amen. I am coming to Jesus for rest. Rest such as a pure. If I know my soul is a thirst to be blessed, to be washed and made whiter than snow. I believe Jesus saves and his blood washes whiter than snow. I believe Jesus saved and his blood washes whiter than snow. In coming my sin I deplore my weakness and poverty to show. I long to be saved ever more. To be washed and made whiter than snow. I believe Jesus saves and his blood washes whiter than snow. I believe Jesus saves and his blood washes whiter than snow. To Jesus I give up my all, every treasure and idol I know. For his fullness of blessings I call till his blood washes whiter than snow. Amen. Amen. I believe Jesus saves and his blood washes whiter than snow. I believe I believe Jesus saves and his blood washes whiter than snow. I believe Jesus saves and his blood washes whiter than snow. I believe Jesus says and his blood washes whiter than snow. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Blessed be your name. Amen. We take up our prayer requests tonight. Amen. Sister Linda Helm says, "Please pray for um Davian. He'd like to come to church tomorrow. Pray that Satan will not change his mind. Amen. Amen. You know how that works. Amen. He followed me all the way to church. Okay. Sorry. Pray for me. Amen. Please keep praying for me as well as I'm still battling with catching my breath. Amen. For the Lord to heal me. Amen. Amen. Brother Ron, his sister had surgery. My sister Sheila, she's pray for her healing. She's staying with them for two weeks. Let us be a light to her. Amen. Amen. Sister Beckman says, "Please pray for my grandson. He's flying tomorrow and Monday for his safety. Also, I can get of some skunks and groundhogs that are trouble in my house. And you know, the Lord wants you to have peace in all parts of your life. All parts. Nothing's too small for him. You know, God doesn't despise the day of small things. Amen. Sometimes we think we're so small he can't hear us. But that's not the case. Amen. So, we need to take these prayer requests. Amen. Amen. So, you remember the missionaries on the foreign fields as they're laboring, all those that couldn't make it tonight, that God will just bless them. Whatever they're doing, God will just bless them. Let's all stand together. Let's just join our voices together. Dear Lord Jesus battle your deliver the sick. animal that needs glorify God. God. Amen. Amen. He's coming soon. Amen. In this the closing days of time. A joy the glorious hope affords that soon a wondrous truths abide. He shall reign. King of kings and lord of lords. He's coming soon. He's coming soon. With joy we welcome his returning. It may be more. It may be night or noon. We know he's coming soon. The signs are round in earth and air. or painted on the starlet sky. God's faithful witnesses declare that the coming of the Savior draweth nigh. He's coming soon. He's coming soon. With joy we welcome his [Laughter] returning. It may be more. It may be night or noon. We know he's coming soon. The dead in Christ life in countless numbers. All shall rise. Praise the Lord. Amen. When through the portals of the sky, he shall come to prepare our paradise. He's coming soon. He's coming soon. With joy we welcome his returning. [Applause] It may be morning. It may be night or noon. We know he's coming soon. And we who live and yet remain caught up shall meet our faithful Lord. This hope we cherish not in vain, but we comfort one another by this word. He's coming soon. He's coming soon. With joy we welcome his returning. It may be more. It mayhem night or noon, we know he's coming soon. Amen. Amen. Let's all stand together. Amen. So, just to remind you, the offering box is in the back, but we want to still pray for the offering. Amen. Can I ask Brother Ray if he'll just ask for a blessing on the offering tonight? Heavenly Father, Lord God, Lord, we read in thy word, Lord God, where you make the greatest offering, Lord God. And Lord God, we thank you, Lord God. And Lord, we just humbly, Lord, place this before thee, Lord God, this offering. We know it ain't much, but we give it to thee, Lord God, in honor of your holy name, Lord. We ask, Lord, bless them, Lord God, bless them God and we pray that you just have your way in our lives as we offer our lives to thee God in thanksgiving unto thy holy name Jesus. Amen. Now shake hands with somebody and be friendly. Praise the Lord. Amen. Yes, you may be seated. Praise the Lord. Amen. This world is not my home. Amen. This world is not my home. I'm just a pass into. My treasures are laid up somewhere beyond the blue. The angels beckon me from heaven's open door. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Oh Lord, you know I have no friend like you. If heaven's not my home, then Lord, what will I do? The angels beckon me from heaven's open door. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. They're all expecting me. And this one thing I know. I fixed it up with Jesus a long, long time ago. I know he'll see me through. Oh, I am weak and poor and I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Oh Lord, you know I have no friend like you. If heaven's not my home, then Lord, what will I do? The angels beckon me from heaven's open door. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Just over in the glory land will live eternally. The saints on every hand are shouting victory. Their song of sweetest praise drift back from heaven shore. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Oh Lord, you know I have no friend like you. If heaven's not my home, then Lord, what will I do? The angels beckon me from heaven's open door. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Amen. That's right. Amen. Praise the Lord. Lord. Amen. I'm going to meet you in the morning. Amen. That's true. Amen. I will meet you in the morning. Trust inside the eastern day there be ready faithful pil with you it be to lay. I will meet you. I will meet you just inside the gate over there. I will meet you. I will meet you. I will meet you in the morning over [Applause] there. If you hasten off to glory, linger near the eastern gate. For I'm coming in the morning, so you'll not have long to wait. I will meet you. I will meet [Applause] you just inside the gate. over there. I will meet you. I will meet you. I will meet you in the morning over there. [Music] Keep your lamps all trimmed and [Applause] burning for the bridegroom. Watch and wait. He'll be with us at that meeting just inside the eastern gate. I will meet you. I will meet you just inside this turn gate over there. I will meet you. I will meet you. I will meet you in the morning over there. [Applause] Oh, the joys of that glad meeting with the saints to for us wait. [Music] What a blessed happy meeting just inside the eastern gay. I will meet you. I will meet you just inside the gate over there. I will meet you. I will meet you. I will meet you in the morning over there. I will meet you. I will meet you inside the eastern gate over there. I will meet you. It's going to happen. I will meet you. I will meet you in the morning over there. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's give the Lord a praise offering for that meeting. Thank you, Jesus. [Applause] He's going to make it. He's the one making it possible. Yes, sir. He's the one that's given us the power to get lifted up. And today, he has given us an opportunity to get lifted up into heavenly places. That's true. To to receive the word of God today. And I believe he has a special word for us. Thank you, Jesus. And my prayer in the prayer room is, Lord, don't let miss what you have for me. I don't want to miss it. I want to miss it. I'm getting instructions from the back. I want to welcome all of our visitors. God bless you each and every one of you. Thank you for coming and joining with us to celebrate 24 years. Praise God. 24 years. Praise God. We're so thankful for God's grace. Amen. And you know, this is just a temporary thing. There's not going to be a send the light up in heaven. There's we're we're That's right. He'll be the light. We'll go But the family will be together. All of our brothers and sisters. Thank you, Jesus. Those we we haven't met, those in other countries, those in the ages before, right? The ones that are yet to come. Amen. We're all going to be together. Glory. and that this is just a temporary place to meet so we can get ready to go there. And so we we are thankful that the Lord has little lighouses everywhere that we can gather together to build up in the most holy faith. And uh we're grateful for brother Daryl Ward. And uh he was telling me that he's almost booking almost into next year already. And so as he gets older, it seems that it's harder to get him. And so I'm saying that because we're fortunate to have him. That's why I'm saying that it's a blessing for us. Amen. And so we want to take advantage of this time. Sure. And uh pull the word out of him and and into yourself. Amen. Just let your hunger and thirst for righteousness be seen by God so that word just becomes real to you. Amen. I just want to know how many here has been praying for brother Bill Bailey. All right. And I want our brother Bill to know the hands uh of all the the prayers I've been praying for you. Brother Bill, we really appreciate you and just the sacrifice just to just to have strength to come here tonight and and ministering every service there and all that you're doing for the kingdom of God. God bless you. Amen. Amen. Let's stand together and let's welcome our brother Darl War from Tennessee now as he comes to give us the bread of life and let's sing only believe as our brother comes. God bless you brother Ray. Thank you for coming and blessing blessing our service. Amen. Amen. Appreciate the worship service too. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Can you just sing that well? Only believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. Amen. Jesus said, "Do you now believe?" Yes. I'm so grateful we know what to believe. Aren't you? Yes. You know, this artificial intelligence, it's a way smarter than me already. I But it's amazing what they can do with that now. They can put you in a place you've never been and make it so real. Is that not right? And yet it's fake. It's not even real. True. So, we're living in a time when people don't even know what to believe anymore because they don't know if it's real or if it's not real. And we got fake news. You know, they got CNN says Fox is fake and Fox says CNN's fake. And I'm so glad we've got the good news. Aren't you? Amen. that in this time of darkness, he's led us into this marvelous light. And what a privilege it is to have a place to come and and and rest and feed off the the word of God. And 24 years that this place has been open that you've had uh to come and hear the word and prepare our hearts because we're going to leave here. Amen. It's closer today than it was yesterday. Amen. And we see what happened just just last week with the with the Pope coming out of the United States. exactly what the prophet of God said back in 1954 that there would be a pope that will come from the United States this day. This prophecy has been fulfilled. We're not we're not just reading about visions and we're not reading about quotes. We're we're living them. You're in the vision. Hallelujah. You're in the vision. Amen. And so we see that this is the people this is the people that will take the rapture. Amen. Do you believe that there's people in this building right now that will not see death, but their bodies will be changed in a moment and a twinkling of an eye because it's been prophesied. And this is the generation. Amen. I believe that with all my heart. Amen. And we're feasting off the word body, the un the the unfailing word body of the son of man. Amen. And you are what you eat. Amen. Well, praise the Lord. It's certainly good to be here. I greet you in the name of the Lord Jesus. I didn't mean to get started that way, but it just starts bubbling up in your heart when you start talking about it. Amen. But we greet you in the name of the Lord Jesus. Kind of an honor to be with you once again. If you have your Bibles, turn with us tonight to the book of Exodus. Want to read from Exodus chapter 15, verse 11, and then we're going to jump down to verse 18 and read a little bit. And so, uh, we're just kind of an honor to be with you once again. We always enjoy coming up this way and spending time with brother John and his family and the church here. And it's good to see familiar faces and uh praise God pressing on for the kingdom of God. Amen. We bring you greetings from my church back home, my pastor, brother Donnie Reagan. And but it's kind of an honor to be with you this weekend. We trust something to be said to help you and encourage you. And if you're sick, you'll be healed. If you're weak, you'll be made strong. If you're lost, you'll be found. Amen. Because that's what our God does. Exodus 15 11 the Bible says this. Who is like unto thee, oh Lord? Amen. Among the gods. Amen. Who is like thee? Glorious in holiness, fearful in praises. Hallelujah. Doing wonders. Thank you, Jesus. Verse 18, the Lord shall reign forever and ever. Amen. For the horse of Pharaoh went in with his chariots and went his horsemen into the sea. And the Lord brought again the waters of the sea upon them. But the children of Israel went on dry land in the midst of the sea. And Miriam the prophet is the sister of Aaron took a timber in her hand. And all the women went out after her with timberalss and with dances. And Miam answered them, said, "Sing ye to the Lord, for he hath triumphed gloriously, for the horse and his rider hath he thrown into the sea." Praise the Lord. So Moses brought Israel from the Red Sea, and they went out into the wilderness of Sir, and they went three days in the wilderness, and they found no water. And when they came to Marra, they could not drink of the waters of Marra, for they were bitter. Therefore, the name of it was called Marra. And the people murmured against Moses, saying, "What shall we drink?" And he cried unto the Lord. And the Lord showed him a tree which when he had cast into the waters, the waters were made sweetise. And there he made for them a statue and an ordinance, and there he proved them. Yeah. And he said, "If thou will diligently hearken to the voice of the Lord thy God, and will do that which is right in his sight, and will give ear to his commandments, and keep all his statutes, not just the ones we want, I will put none of these diseases upon thee, which I have brought upon the Egyptians." And I love this right here. For I am the Lord that health thee. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Let us bow our heads. Thank you. I want to speak to you for a few minutes this evening on in a desert place. Heavenly Father, Lord, as we gathered here this evening in your wonderful presence, we just want to thank you, Father, for all that you have done for us. Thank you, Lord. Yes, Jesus. And Lord, it's such a troublesome time that we are living in. And yet, Lord, in our hearts there is peace. For Lord, you told us these things would be here and we see them, Lord. But you said when these things begin to happen, you told us not to give up, but you told us to look up for our redemption drawth nigh. And Lord, the songs that we heard sung this evening, it turns our heart towards home, Lord, for that's where we long to be. True. Oh God, may we labor with everything that's within us, Lord, to press to that mark. For there come a time, dear God, when we'll set around the table and you'll come and wipe the tears from our eyes. Tell us, don't cry no more. It's all over. But until then, Lord, may we be faithful and help us tonight, Lord, to take this word and speak it to the hearts of your children. Lord, that our faith would be stirred, Lord, that we could rise up and receive those things which you've already done for us. And Lord, may the word become so real that when we leave the building, may we say, "Did not our hearts burn within us?" And Lord, as we've gathered here on this weekend to to honor the anniversary, dear God, of this tabernacle that's been here, Lord, a light, Lord, in the midst of darkness. We ask dear God if you would to Terry that the door would always be open Lord that the lost could be found and the sick could be healed. Bless brother John Lord and the officers of the church. Use them dear God to seek out that last seed here Lord for we know the prophet taught us that when that last one comes in you'll close the book and call for your bride. Lord until then let us labor. We commit this congregation and oursel into your hands for your glory. For we ask these things in Jesus name. And the bride says, "Amen." God bless you. You may be seated. Amen. Amen. You know, our scripture opens this evening with a declaration of how great is our God. And I'd like to say tonight that he is. He is a great God. There is no God like our God. Amen. You know, there's many gods in the world today. Can you say amen to that? The prophet of God said, "People make a god out of their job or they'll make a god their car." And the Hindus have thousands of gods. Right? But there is no god like our God. Amen. Amen. There's none like him. Amen. But Isaiah said, "Remember the former things of old, for I am God and there is none else. I am God and there is none like me." He is the true and living God. Yes, he is. You know, brother David Silent one time, and I think I've said it here before, but it just comes to my to my memory that brother David Siler said he was over in India and he saw a man take a piece of wood and he fashioned him out of God with that piece of wood. And he David said, I watched him set that idol down and worship it. A God that he made with his own hands. And brother David said as I watched him, he said, "I thought within myself, I am so glad that I don't worship a God that I made with my hands, but I worship a God who made me with his hands." Amen. And I'm so glad that the that the God we serve is not a dead god of stone. Not a God that we pray to and we cry out to, but he has no ability to answer back. That he has no ability to heal us. That he has no ability to deliver us or sustain us. I'm so glad that we don't serve a God of someone's imagination. True. But we serve the God who answers back. We serve the living God tonight. He is almighty. Amen. He is all powerful. He is full of mercy. He is love. And we can cry out to him and he hears our cry and he sees our tears and our God has the ability to answer back. Amen. Aren't you glad of that tonight? He told Moses, he said, "I have heard the cry of my people and I am come down to deliver them." Jeremiah 33:3 said it this way, "Call unto me and I will answer thee." Not could be, not maybe, not hope so, but he said, "If you call, I will answer and show you great and mighty things which thou knowest not." You know, I think of Jonah in the belly of a whale. A man who had more circumstances, who had more symptoms against him than any man I know. Anybody here ever been swapped by fish? Jonah was. Jonah was. And he said, "I cried out to the Lord." Jonah prayed unto the Lord his God out of a fish's belly. And he said, I cried by the reason of my affliction. Unto the Lord, and he heard me. Out of belly of hell cried I, and thou heardest my voice. Think about it. If God could hear the, you know, the prophet said that when a fish eats, you put in a fish in a fishbowl, and when it eats, where does it go? Right to the bottom of the fishbowl. True. And so this fish swallowed a man and he went right to the bottom of the ocean. And here's a man in a fish's belly at the bottom of the sea. But he said, "I cried out to the Lord from the fish's belly and he heard my cry." Amen. You said, "What are you saying, preacher?" I'm saying this. If God could hear the cry of a man in the belly of a well at the bottom of the ocean, cannot he hear our cry tonight in a building that's been set aside to honor him and worship him. Hallelujah. Amen. David said in Psalms 18:6, "In my distress, I called unto the Lord. I cried unto my God, and he heard my voice out of his temple, and my cry came up before him, even into his ears." Praise. That's the God we serve. Who is like thee, oh Lord, among the gods? Who is like thee, glorious in holiness, fearful in praises, doing wonders. He's a wonder working God. Amen. Amen. Glory. Praise the Lord. I said he's a wonder working God. Let me say that again. I said he's a wonderworking God. Amen. That's much better. That's our God. We're not bragging on a man. We're not bragging on organiz We're bragging on the God of glory. Amen. Hallelujah. Doing wonders. He's a wonderworking God. And when he went down to Egypt, wonders he done. He brought his children out of bondage with the mighty hand and drowned Pharaoh's army in the sea. Amen. And the Bible said that his children went across on dry ground here. Not long ago where I'm from, there's a lake called Wata Lake. And they they damned up the river many, many years ago. And when they did, there was a city there by the name of Butler, the old city of Butler. And when they damned up the river there, and the water backed up into that valley, it took the city of Butler underwater. and 40s years, something like that, uh the the dam had been there and that the the dam developed a leak and so the TVA had to let the water down in order to repair the dam. And when they did, the old city of Butler came up out of water and the T TV tva TVA, Tennessee Valley of Authority, they came in with bulldozers and graded out the old road and let the people who once lived there and anybody that wanted to go see it to go down and see the old city. Now, most of the buildings were gone, but the old jail was still there. You could actually look into it. And so, me and my brothers went down there, and we was walking on the road that was bulldozed. Of course, it was muddy. And there was the jail. And I wanted to look inside of it because I'm nosy. And so, I got off the road that they had graded out to look over into the jail. And when I stepped over into that, I sunk up above my ankles in mud. And I thought my brothers were going to pull my feet off trying to get me out of that mud. You say, "Why do you say that?" I say that to say this. How long the Red Sea had been there, I don't know. But the Bible said that when God parted the water, he dried up the ground that when the children of Israel went across, their feet didn't even get muddy. Hallelujah. That's the God we serve. God said, "I care so much for you, I don't even want your shoes to get muddy." That's a wonderworking God. And when he went down to Egypt, he proved every god of the Egyptians was a dead god and that he was the god who delivered his people. Amen. The Egyptians had a god by the name of Ray. Re the ray, it was a son god. But God three days of darkness upon Egypt, but their god could not take the darkness away. And God proved to them, "Your God is a dead God, but I am the true and living God." And when God went down to Egypt, he done wonders. And when God comes to your Egypt, oh yeah, he does wonders. Amen. He'll break the chains of oppression. He'll break the bondage of depression. He'll break Come on, somebody. That's the God we serve. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. A wonder working God. And when Miam saw her enemy was dead, she didn't nod her head and raise her head. That's pretty good. No, no, no. She grabbed a tambourine and up and down the bank she went, beating on the tambourine, praising God. Amen. Oh my. And the daughter's following after her. That's the kind of church service I want to be in. Keep the one that's got some life. Amen. Hallelujah. Beating the tambourine shouting why. There laid the ones who had beat them, who had abused him, who had been mean to them. And there they were washed up on the banks dead. Amen. Brother, it was time to dance. Yeah. because the ones who had brought so much sorrow into their life was dead. Well, I tell you, brother Daryl, when I get to heaven, I'm really going to shout. I'm really going to dance. I guess you must be saving your energy. Well, when I get there, Brother Daryl, I'm going to have a good time. But you know what I say to you tonight? I say if you can see the promises of God are for you. If you can see that he's your deliverer. If you can see he's done spoke us in a rapture. If you can see we have a pillar of fire and a prophet messenger. And the God who led them out of the first Exodus is the same God that's leading us out of this Exodus. I tell you we can shout now. We can dance now. Hallelujah. Our enemy is defeated. Do you believe that tonight the prophet said we are dealing with a defeated enemy? Sickness is defeated. Death is defeated. Hell is defeated. Everything is defeated. You are disputing with a conquered enemy. People come up for prayer say, "Well, the devil said this and the devil said that." Do you realize you're arguing with a defeated enemy? Yes, sir. Well, the devil said this. You know he's a liar, right? Amen. You say, "Well, that's pretty good, brother Daryl." But you know, I'm the least one in this church. And maybe you are. Maybe you are. Maybe you're just not being humble. Maybe you're being truthful. The least one. You know, we make up. We're the body. A body of believers. Is that right? And the body is made up of what? Many, many members. Many different members. I'm glad I'm not all thumb. Aren't you? Amen. I'm glad I got some eyes to see. Amen. and a mouth to eat and a tongue to enjoy the flavor. I'm glad for that. And so in this body of believers, they are many different parts. And maybe you are the least in the body. The least one. You said, "Brother, I'm just the souls of the feet of the body of Christ." And maybe that's what you really are. Right there. You know where that little toe, that crease, where the little toe meets the bottom of your foot? Maybe that's the part of the body that you are. Nothing wrong with it. You're in the body. That's right. But you see what I'm trying to say is if that's who you are, if that's really who you are, guess what? Every enemy is still under your feet. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. You say you got a quote on that. Thank you. I believe I do. You say, "Brother Brandham, I'm the least one." I'm the sos of his feet. But remember, he's triumphed with you. He's triumphed with you over every bit of it. Even if you're the sos of his feet, every sickness, every devil, every power, even death itself is under your feet. It's under you. Amen. This is the truth. If I could just get the church to see that, brother will be a triumph church, believers in him. All evil under him. You need to tell Satan tonight. Satan, you are under my feet. Amen. And on the banks of the Red Sea, they were having a hallelujah time, a big time, a great revival, a great victory. And here they go through the wilderness on their journey, marching, following the message of a prophet, following the pillar of fire, on their way to a promised land, being led by a God who can not fail. Thank you, Jesus. And three days into the journey, they find their first test. They find theirel in a desert place with no water. Three days they marched, all the families, all the cattle, all the animals, all the mules. Remember, remember Moses said, "When we leave, we're not leaving a hoof behind. We're taking everything with us." And here they marched. A single day in the wilderness without water would have been tolerable. Two days would have been difficult, but three days would be almost impossible, especially for children. Well, and for the animals, three days with no water. And after three days, someone up ahead yells, "Water! There's water! There's a fountain of water." Oh my. And the animals begin to smell it and start trying to break. The kids begin to run and someone gets there first and just get back. Get Get the animals back. Get the kids back. What's the matter? What's wrong? We can't drink the water. Why? It's bitter. It's bitter. Keep the kids back. Get back. Think about it. Three days with no water. They'd have been willing to drink anything. But God made this water so bitter that they could not drink it. You see, sometimes God will make a trial so hard, he'll make the water so bitter that you can expect nothing less than a miracle that you would look nowhere else but to him. Amen. the disappointment of finding water only to realize it would have been better to find no water at all than to find water that you couldn't drink. It would only make the situation worse to be so thirsty and there's a fountain of water and you can't drink it. to be so thirsty, to be so dry, the dust from the desert, the sweat, the weariness, to find water. And it's so bitter to hear the children say, "Mama, please, mama. Mama, please let me drink that water." No, honey. Mama can't let you drink it. It's bitter. Why would he do that? Why would he lead us to water? It'd be bitter. All right, we're his people. We follow his message. We listen to Moses. Why the bitter water? And they cried, "Marra, ma!" They named the place the land of bitter water. Just three days before they were singing and shouting how great their God was in the Red Sea revival. And three days later, the same ones that were screaming hallelujah and glory to God. Now the same voices are murmuring and complaining and scared and upset. How soon they forgot the Red Sea revival. How quickly their countenance changed when they arrived in Marra, the bitter land. And it's in those moments when the doctor says, "I'm sorry." When you lose your job, when bitterness comes in your marriage, disappointment, a situation turns against you. It's those moments that Satan takes advantage and starts spewing Oh yes, his lies. Can you imagine the lies he tempted to overtake them with? Satan began to whisper into their ear, "This God of yours delivered you out of Egypt." Oh, sure they beat you, but you had food. You had water to bring you out here and leave you in a desert three days with no water to die. Tempt you with water that you can't even drink. Some god you serve. Some cruel god. Oh yeah. And it's in those moments every fear surfaced and they only saw death. It was a bitter situation. Indeed. You see the devil only wants you to see the MRI. Right? He only wants you to see the X-ray. He only wants you to see the drug addiction, the marital situation, the fear, the pain, the no way out situation. He wants you to see the storm, but not the sun. I was in a bad storm the other day flying. We had to land over in Charlotte, North Carolina. Sat there for about an hour waiting for the storm to pass. And when Oh my, I'm telling you, you talking about people screaming and crying on an airplane. They grown-ups yelling and the yelping and the carrying on. And we took off and that plane rattled and rocked and dove and shook and people was crying, kids were crying. But all of a sudden we broke through that and guess what? I saw the sun. Oh God, it was there the whole time. The devil wants you to see the storm but not the s. That's right. Amen. But think about this for a minute. Have you ever thought about this? The Red Sea was a water problem. It was a big water problem. And God moved for that water problem. So if God can fix one water problem, well, can he take care of another water problem? Yes, sir. You see, the Red Sea and the bitter water was both water problems. You say, "What are you saying?" I'm saying this. If he can heal cancer of the skin, can he heal cancer of the bone? Cancer of the liver, cancer of the breast, cancer of the esophagus, cancer of the brain. If he can bring one prodical home, can he bring all prodicals home? If he can fix one marriage, can he fix yours? If he could deliver you once, if he delivered you once, cannot he do it again? Anybody here ever been delivered of God? Anybody here ever been touched of God? And I say, if God ever touched you once, cannot that God do it again? I say, yes, he can. Glory. But all they saw was death. All they saw was bitter, undrinkable water in a desert place. And the people murmured against Moses, saying, "What shall we drink?" You see, God was leading them to the promised land that he said was theirs. Why wouldn't he bypass the land of bitterness? He's God. He knows all things. He knew the water was there. Yeah. Why didn't he just bypass it? But he led them right straight to the bitter water. You see, where the Israelites didn't see a way, God did. Hallelujah. He was the way. The test for the Israelites was a question of faith and what they couldn't see. Yes. Without the bitter water, there have been no opportunity for God to perform a miracle that day. And the most difficult situations in our life is opportunities for God to do the miraculous and to turn our bitter situations sweet to show us just how great he is. You see, God could say, "I'm a great God. I'm a good God. I'm a healer. I'm a deliverer." And we would have said, "Yes, Lord." But he didn't want it to be a head knowledge. Because you do not serve God by knowledge. We serve God by faith. Amen. And you've got two sets of eyes. Do you know that? You got eyes in your head and you got a set of eyes in your heart. And Satan chose man's head. Satan chose the eyes of your head. But God didn't choose that. God chose to lead you by the eyes of your heart. We look to the unseen. For it is the unseen things that are real. And the Bible says we walk by faith and not by sight. But you can't walk by both at the same time. Well, it's getting quieter and quieter about it. Think about it. And so God, he just didn't want us to know by head knowledge. Huh? You know, let me let me explain it this way. My daughter Jessica was blinded in the accident and I kept telling her when she was little, I said, "Now Kai, you'll see me again because God provided a lamb for your eyes." And one day her eyes came open. And so somebody in the community heard the story about how I told her that God provided a lamb for because you know the prophet said in Bible days that a that a lamb was a CNI animal like the dog is today and they used a lamb to get around with. And I told her, I said, "God pro, the same God that provided a lamb for blind Barnameus provided a lamb for your eyes." And she believed me and her eyes come open. And so somebody heard the story and they brought Jessica a little lamb. Praise the Lord. And gave it to her. Well, the lamb was free, but the electric fence to put it in was about 200 bucks, but that was all right, you know. And so I told Jessica, I said, "Now, Kai," I said, "Listen, you see that right there? If that light is on that box, that fence is hot. If you touch it, it'll burn you. I said, "Now, if you want to pet the lamb, you tell daddy, I'll unplug the box and you can pet the lamb." I said, "But if that light's on and you touch that wire, it'll shock you. It'll burn you." You understand? Yes, Daddy. Intellectual conception. So, I was over there working on a tractor in another field that backslid on me, and I saw her heading down towards that lamb. And before I could get through the fence to get to where she was at, she grabbed a hold of that wire. She had a Oh my She had a Pentecostal jubilee. So I climbed through the fence and went over to check on her and I'll never forget it. Brother, she's holding her hand just like this right here. And she looked up at me with big old blue eyes and tears pouring down her face like this. And she said, "Don't touch that wire, Daddy. It's hot." You see, before it was me telling her, but after she experienced it, it was her telling me. And God just didn't want to tell you, "I'm a healer." He wanted you to say, "You're a healer. You're a deliverer." Come on, somebody. And how do we know that? By experience. Amen. Hallelujah. He want us to see just how great he is. Amen. The murmurss and complain against God. What did it do? It made Moses cry out to God. And if you want your bitterness healed, then take the case to God in prayer. Because why? Prayer is the greatest weapon ever placed in the hand of mankind. You see, God begins by making us begin. Look at Jonah. Jonah, he said, "I cried out to the Lord." Why? By the reason of my affliction. The affliction caused him to cry out. Amen. Amen. He begins by making us begin. Yes. And the people complained to Moses and Moses took the complaint to his master. In all the trials of our life, the shest way to victory is through prayer. You see the power of your prayer, man nor demon can stand against it. The prophet of God said, "Your prayer is more powerful than an atomic bomb." You can see why the devil makes sure you don't have enough time to pray. Ain't that right? We have time for everything but our prayer time. Well, preacher, I'm trying to Amen. You can go all day without getting a text and you go in your prayer closet to pray. The power of prayer in the hand of a believer. You see, as soon as you have a prayer, God has a remedy. Even no, no, let me take it. Even before you pray, God has the answer. I was in Chief, Alaska, and there's a sister came up, Sister Bernie, Sister Bernie Boy, and she came up and standing at the front and I come. I said, "Sister, you need something from the Lord." And she said, "I want my son Dale to come to church." Now, Chievac is an Eskimo village about 150 mi below the Arctic Circle. No red lights, no stop signs. It's just a village. They have snowmobiles in the winter and four-wheelers in the summer. And it's just a village of about 1,200 people and all the teenage drugs and suicide rate is real high among the young people. And so she's concerned about her son Dell because he's starting to run around with the wrong crowd. And she said, "I want Dell to come to church." And she started talking and just the the love of a mother for her child, it just broke out of her. She began to weep and just was talking and pouring all this stuff out, telling me all this stuff. And I was down like this cuz I sometimes I have a trouble hearing. And I was down like this and I looked up and I saw the back door open and this boy come walking in and stood right behind her. And I said, "Sister Bernie, ain't that Dale?" And when she turned around and saw Oh, God. When she turned around and saw Dale standing behind her, we had church that night. Before we ever even [Applause] prayed. Amen. The Bible says, "And he cried unto the Lord, and the Lord showed him a tree, and when he had cast it into the water, the waters were made sweet, and there he made for them a statue and an ordinance, and there he proved him." You see, the answer to their bitterness, the answer to the bitter water was always there. Before they ever knew they had a problem, the answer was already there. Amen. Here not long ago, back before COVID, every second week in February, I preached down in Man, Louisiana. I done it for several several years. Second week in February, every year. And so about November, I would go and get the ticket cuz sometimes, you know, you get it in advance, you get a better price on the ticket. And so I went ahead and got the ticket, went ahead and got my seat where I was going to sit. So it come time I went down there, preached. So they brought me up to Alexander, Louisiana to fly home. So I get in the seat that I picked out in November. And I was sitting there and a man come sat down beside me. He said, "Good morning." And I said, "Howdy." He said, "Howdy." He said, "Where are you from?" I said, "Thennessee?" He said, "These Tennessee." I said, "Yes, sir." He said, "Well, what brings you down here to Louisiana?" I said, "I'm a preacher." "Oh, you're a preacher." I said, "Yes, sir." He said, "Well, since you're a preacher, let me ask you a question." I said, "Well, sir, I'm not the sharpest knife in the drawer, but if I can help you, I'd be glad to do it." And he said, "My daughter was getting her kids ready to bring me to the airport and he said, "I was looking on the internet and he said, I come across something so unusual, I want to ask you about it." I said, "Well, if I can help you, I'd be glad to do it." He said, "Have you ever heard of a man by the name of William Brandon?" And I said, "Yes, sir. His grandkids go to my church." He never sat like you're all sitting right there. He never hushed the whole time from M from Alexander, Louisiana to Atlanta, Georgia. He never stopped talking. And when we got off the plane, I shook his hand. God bless you, brother. He went to a big Pentecostal church, 1500 people. He said, "Would you come and preach for us?" I said, "Yeah, I'll be glad to come." But he said, "Well, I'm not the pastor, but I'm going to tell him about you." I thought, "Well, I was we'll see, you know." And so anyway, shook his hand, you know, went on down the he went that way and I was going down concourse D. Brother John. I got to thinking three months before that man ever knew he had a question, God had the answer set beside him. Come on. You see, if he had asked anybody else on that plane, they probably said, "No, sir. Never heard of them." That's our God. Amen. You want to hear another one? Yeah. I was down in Mexico in Quanoo, the southern part of Mexico, and there's a brother down there, and I said, "Brother, what can we do to help you?" He said, "We need Bibles." He said, "I've got people in my church that's never owned a Bible." And I thought, "My Lord, how many do I have at my house? And I said, "Well, how many do you need?" He said, "If we could get a thousand." I said, "A thousand." He said, "I'm I'm not talking about one like this." He said, "I'm talking just a simple paperback Bible." You know, you can get them at the Dollar Tree for a dollar. He said, "If we could just," he said, "We can give everybody in the church a Bible, and then when we witness on the street, we can pass Bibles out." And I said, "Well, I I I won't promise you, but I'll go home and see what I can do." So, I go home and I talk to my brother-in-law. He's Sunday school superintendent there at the church, you know, and so the kids started bringing their money in. And it wasn't long after that, we had quite a bit of money. So I called brother Bernay Espanola. He was my interpreter down in Mexico. And I said, you know, Bernay, I said, I was thinking instead of us buying the Bibles in the US and trying to get them across the border, cuz everybody wants a handout. Sometimes you pay more getting it through customs than you do for what you paid for the thing you're bringing through customs. Cuz everybody wants a handout. I said, "Maybe we can get them printed in Mexico and save that cost." He said, "Well, I'll check." So he called me back. He said, "Bro, I found a man who said he would print a thousand and seven Bibles for the amount of money that we had or he would print a thousand and we'd have a little bit of money left over." He said, "What do you want to do?" I said, "Tell him just to print a thousand and seven." So he prints a 107. They get the Bibles ready and they got this big bus, you know, like a Greyhound bus with the open up the doors at the bottom of it. Had all these Bibles underneath it. And so the brothers got on the bus up there in the northern part, Madam Morris, Mexico, and drove the bus. The bus went down to the southern part with the Bibles. I flew down to be there when the brother got the Bibles because I wanted to see him. And so on the way down through there, they got stopped by Mexican soldiers, made everybody get off the bus, search the bus and all that. So when they pulled up those doors, there was all these boxes. And this Mexican soldier said, "What's in those boxes?" Brother Man said, "They're Bibles." He said, "Bibles?" He said, "Yes, sir." He said, "What are you doing? You selling Bibles?" Said, "No, we're not selling them." Said, "We're giving them away." So we're taking them down to Quanoo to give away. He said, "You're giving away these B?" He said, "We're giving them away." He said, 'Well, if you're given away, would you give us a Bible? Brother Ben said, "Sure. How many of the are you?" Said, "There's seven of us." Oh, God. That's the God we serve. Before they ever knew they had a problem, the answer was already there. That tree had been growing there for years. The answer to your fear, the answer to your sickness, the answer to your problem was here before you ever even had the problem. Amen. You see, there's two reports before you. The doctor's report and Isaiah's report. Amen. Now, I worked in surgery for years. I've been on thousands of operations. Literally thousands of operations. You need your gallbladder out, see me after church. But there's one thing I learned. The doctor's report can be 100% correct. And it can be 100% wrong. I've seen it. I'm a witness. I have seen it with my own eyes. Matter of fact, there's a man back our way in Greenville, Tennessee, and he went in for a PSA level test. And they called him and said, "Sir, you have prostate cancer. You need to come in." And he said, "Well, I've got a big dairy farm down here. I can't come in right now, and let me take care of the cattle, and I'll be in, you know, and get this took care of." They said, "Well, you need to come now. We need to get get on to this thing." So he wrote a letter to his wife and he said, "I would rather face my hand than cancer." And he went out into a field and took his own life. After the funeral, the doctor's office called and told his wife, "We made a terrible mistake. The report that was on his chart belonged to another man. He never even had cancer." But he believed the doctor's report to the point that it made him do that. But what if he believed Isaiah's report? And so I say the doctor can be right and it can be wrong. But I'm here to tell you Isaiah's report is always 100% correct. Amen. For God will keep his word. Not 99 times out of 100, but 100 times out of 100, God will keep his word. You say, "I hear what you're saying, brother D, but listen. But listen, this problem of mine, but let me say this. You may not see the sweet and the bitter yet, but hold on and have faith that God works all things to the good to bring about the sweet according to Romans 8:28. And the next time you come to the marrah, to the bitter desert land, instead of panicking, have faith that the God you serve is a God who'll turn the bitter water to sweet for the glory of his name. You see, in a desert place, God shows his greatest power. God does his greatest miracles. Did you say, "Brother Daryl, I am in a desert place." Then you know what I'm telling me? You're telling me you're a candidate. Amen. For a miracle. Glory. Amen. Bless you, Lord. Amen. Bless. You see, in a great in a desert place, God shows his greatest power. You see, God chose to bring them to a place where they had to rely on him completely. Instead of looking to the water for life, he wanted them to look to him. You see, if they had drank the water, they might have said, "Thank you, Lord." But that wasn't what he wanted. Amen. He wanted them to see just how great he was. He wanted them to understand, do you trust the God who delivered you to carry you through? You see, the Israelites didn't see the sweet water. They didn't see the water they could drink. But God did. God saw the sweet and the bitter because he provided it. Amen. In a desert place, God shows his greatest miracles. The Bible says in Luke 9:12, "When the day began to wear away, they came the 12 and said unto him, send the multitude away that they may go into the towns and countries round about and lodge and get viddles, for we are in a desert place." You see, Jesus and disciples said, "Let us go into the desert and rest." But somehow word got out that that's where they going. And when they got there, there was a multitude of people waiting on them. Now, the Bible said there was 5,000, not counting women and children. And some some some uh Bible uh scholars estimate that the crowd was between 11 and 15,000 people. 15,000 people in a desert place. And all day long they'd heard the gospel preached. And it got evening time and the disciples come to the Lord and said, "Master, send them away." Right? that they may go into the village, that they may find lodging, that they may find water, that they find stuff to eat. For we are in a desert place, desert, desolate, solitary, lonely, uninhabited. We are in an uninhabited place. Send them away that they can find some water and some food and a place to rest. And Jesus told the disciples, "Go among them and find something to feed them with in a desert place." You see, in a desert place, they were fixing to see just how great their God was. For in a desert place came a great miracle. For when they went among the people, they found a little boy who had a bag on his lap. And the prophet, if my memory serves, said something that that the boy had played hookie from school and slipped over to the meeting or something like that. And so they were there and they come up on this little fella and said, "Hey buddy, what's in that bag?" Said, "It's my lunch. Just enough for a little boy. Just some biscuits and fish. Well, well, what are you going to do with it? Eat it. I'm going to eat it. Said, "Well, would you be willing to give your lunch to Jesus?" What's Jesus want with my lunch? He wants to feed this multitude. Amen. Jesus wants to feed this multitude with my lunch, but you see little is much if God is in it. And so they took the boy's laid. Well, it ain't much, but if he can use it, oh God, beautiful, I'll give it to him. But I ain't got no talent. But just give him what you got cuz see what he's able to do with it. You see, as long as you keep that problem, it's your problem. As long as you keep that fear, it's your fear. But if you can just give it to him, see what he's able to do with it. And he took this little boy's lunch. You know the story, and he blessed it. And he fed the multitude. And if my memory serves me right, when they got done eating, when everybody, and you know how we like to eat, when everybody got done eating, they took up, was it 12 basketfuls of leftovers. That little boy goes home, throws his bag up on the counter. His mama said, "Well, Junior, honey, didn't you eat today?" So, oh, mama, did I eat? I had wonderbread from a wonderworking God. You see the children of Israel, they was tired, they was weary, and they was thirsty. And he gave them sweet water. And here these multitude, they was tired and hungry and weary. And he fed them. And you may be in your desert place. You may have arrived in the land of bitter water. But you may be there for your greatest miracle. Yes, sir. in that desert place in that land of Mariah. Why don't you do like Moses and cry unto the Lord and let God show you the tree has always been there? You say, "What tree you talking about?" I'm not talking about a high bush. I'm talking about Calvar's tree. Amen. Calvar's tree provided everything that we have need of here. Not long ago, can I have just a few more minutes here? Not long ago, I was in a restaurant and a waitress come up to me. She said, "Will there be anything else?" And I said, "No, ma'am. Just just the just just the ticket." She said, "Well, someone saw you in here and paid for your meal." Really? He said, "Yes." I said, "Well, let me leave the tip." Said, "No, no, they took care of the tip and everything. So, if there's nothing else, you're free. Just it's all been took care of. It's already been paid for. Now, I could have done one or two things. I could have said, "Ma'am, I don't see nobody in this restaurant that I know. Are you sure you're talking about me?" You see, that's what the devil does. You can say, "God's a healer." Devil say, "Oh, yeah. He's a healer, but he won't heal you." Come on. You see what I'm saying? I mean, you've been there. We've all been there, right? So, I could have said, "Are you sure? Are you sure it's me? I don't ain't nobody I don't see nobody here I know. I could have argued. I could have debated. I could have even tried to pay for it myself. Or I could accept the fact that someone paid the price for me. And I could walk out that restaurant with a belly full of steak. So what do you think I did? It's exactly right, sis. I went out that restaurant and said, "Whoever paid for that, thank you." And I said that to say this, that whatever you have need of, Calvary has already paid the price. Yes, sir. Calvary holds the answer to every problem. Calvary is where he paid the price to have the ability to turn all of our bitter waters to sweet. Sweet water in a bitter land. David said this, "Though I walk in the midst of trouble, thou wilt revive me. Thou shalt stretch forth thine hand against the wrath of my enemies and thy right hand shall save me shall save me. Though I walk in the midst of trouble, thy will revive me. Revive means to have it means to remain alive, to sustain life, to re to revive, to be quickened from sickness, from discouragement, from faintness, from death. Oh God. Hallelujah. Though I walk in the midst of my troubles, my God will revive me. Yes, he will. Notice what David said. David didn't say, "If I walk in the midst of trouble." He said, "Though I walk in the midst of trouble." Because as long as we're in Leodysa, we're going to walk in some trouble. But I'm so glad that we do not walk alone. For he said, "I'll never leave thee, nor will I forsake thee." Amen. David understood that there will be trouble, but he will revive me in the time of my troubles. In a land of bitter water, he will make my water sweet. You know, my mama, bless her heart, just had Mother's Day, but I lost her back in 2005 of cancer. But my mama said something that's always stayed with me. She told me one day, she said, "You know, Darl, I may have cancer, but cancer does not have me." And I may have troubles, but troubles did not have me. He promised me he would revive me. G. And the problem said, I think a lot of times today, the reason we get into tight places is God wants to reveal to us, to show us his love, to prove to us he's the same God yesterday, today, and forever. His power is still the same. He wants to show his power. God likes to manifest his power. And maybe that's why you get sick. Maybe that's why you are in a desert place. Come on. Is he wants to show you his love. He wants to show you he's a wonderworking God. Listen, let me just say this before we close. Don't you tell me he can't do it. I've seen cancers disappear. I have. Yeah. Amen. I was in Cottonwood, Arizona. A sister had a tumor on her chest. She had been putting some kind of essential oil, some kind of ointment or something on it. And that night when was preaching the word of God, she was just praising God. She never came up for prayer. She never even asked for prayer. She was just worshiping God for the things God had done for other people. And she went home and took off her blouse to put some ointment on it. And the cancer was gone. James Tidwell was at BYC. He had a cancer in his ear that had been there for a long time. And it would scab over and bleed and scab over and bleed. And that night we had all the young people come up for prayer. Had the sisters on one side, the brothers on the other. And I had all the ministers and all the believers come up stand behind the kids. And we had one mass prayer for everybody in the building. And brother James come up and laid his hands on the brothers, the young brothers there. And he said that night he went and laid down to go to sleep and he got up the next morning and looked in the mirror and the cancer was gone out of his ear. No scar, no scab, no cancer. I had a cancer coming up in my ear right there. They did a procedure called the Mo procedure. They cut a hole in my ear so big you could read the Constitution through it. It left a terrible scar. But you see, when man takes a cancer off the ear, it leaves a scar. But when my God does it, Hallelujah. It doesn't even leave a scar. Amen. That's the God we serve. Broken bodies healed. I've seen live real life resurrections. I've seen mental health issues restored. I've seen addicts delivered. I've seen families restored. I've seen prodigals returned. Do not tell me my God cannot do it. I have seen my God open the eyes of the blind. I've seen him bring my daughter out of a wheelchair. When the doctor said she would not live, my God said she will live. And he defied what the doctor said. That's the God we serve. Hallelujah. When giants come calling our name, we will not fear. Amen. For we serve the God who does wonders, a wonderworking God. Amen. Who takes our bitter waters. Amen. In a desert place and makes them sweet. Yes, sir. Do you love him? Do you believe him? That's the God we serve tonight. Amen. Let us bow our heads. Hallelujah. I pray I've not kept you too long. If thou have forgiven me. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh, God. But Lord, I'm not bragging on myself. I'm bragging on you, Lord. I've seen you do it, God. You're a wonderworking God. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Why would I worry when giants come calling my name? [Music] M my God is so much bigger and troubles I face. And why would I hunger for power or riches or fame? Cuz my God is so much better than all of these things. So I won't be shen. I won't be moved. My God is faithful. His promise is true. So I'll speak to the mountains. Tell them it's time to move. Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. My enemies scatter cuz they know the battle is done. My God is stronger. The victories already won. Yes, he died for my ransom and rose up on the third day. Because my God is greater than death, hell and the grave. So I won't be [Music] shen. I won't be moved. My God is faithful. His promise is true. So I'll speak to the mountains. Tell them it's time to move. Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Oh heavenly father, tonight I'm so glad, Lord, that that's not just words of a song that someone put together, but oh God, that's a reality. That's the God we serve tonight. And Lord, you have given us the authority to speak to that mountain. Lord, you've given us the authority to meet that Goliath, to meet that giant in the name of the Lord Jesus. had to slay him, oh God, by a stone of confession, dear God, that you are our healer and our deliverer. And Lord, we believe these things tonight that many times, Lord, we realize, Lord, that we come into these tight places. We come into these desert places, dear God, that you could just come on the scene and show us just how great you are. And Lord, I know tonight there's needs here, Lord God. But, Father, there's not a need in this building that's greater than you. There's not a situation in this building that's greater than you, Lord. And the same God that healed that sister in Cottonwood. The same God who caused the glaucoma to fall off a sister Betty's eyes in Pennsylvania. The same God that healed Scott Smith's brother of a torn rotator cuff. That's the same God who raised Sister Ruth Garland from the dead. That's who you are, God. There is no God like you. You're the almighty, all powerful. Hallelujah. And we believe you tonight. And we love you tonight, Lord. And we look to you, the author and finisher of our faith tonight. And oh God, when this giant raises his hand, we will meet that challenge in the name of Jesus Christ. Oh God, may the people's faith rise up tonight to receive, may they not look at the bitter water. May they not look at the desert barren land. May they not look at that situation, but may they look to the God who is the answer. For you are the answer. Your prophet told us, "You're the answer yesterday. You're the answer today. And if there's a tomorrow, you will be the answer tomorrow. You're the God that heals bones. You're the God that heals cancer. You're the God that open blinded eyes. You're the God that makes the lame walk. You're the God that raises the dead. You're the God that takes a drunk and makes a preacher out of them. You're the God who delivers from alcohol, delivers from drug addiction that restores marriages. There is nothing that you can't do, God. And tonight, Lord, we're not going to look at our problems. We're not going to look to our symptoms, but we're going to look to our God. Amen. And we're going to believe you, Father, as we have gathered here tonight from different areas. We're going to lift up our voice to you. We're going to lift up our hands to you. And we're going to praise you. And we're going to pray for our brother. We're going to pray for our sister for oh God you have given us a mighty weapon and that weapon of prayer and we're going to use it tonight against our enemy in the name of Jesus Christ. What saints do you believe it tonight? Then stand to your feet with me in the name of Jesus and reach over and lay hands on the person beside you tonight. Will you do it? Exercise your God-given right as a believer to lay hands upon the sick and the afflicted and they shall recover. That's the promise of God's word tonight. Oh, believe with me now and believe with me now. Let's pray together. Oh mighty creator of heavens and earth, giver of every good gift tonight. We stand there united as a body of believers and we lay our heads upon one another. I pray for my brother tonight. I pray for my sister tonight. In the name of Jesus Christ, let the fear leave. Let depression leave. Let high blood pressure leave. Let low blood pressure leave. Let diabetes leave tonight. Let broken bones be healed. Let cancer disappear tonight. That's the God we serve. That's the God we believe tonight. Oh heavenly father, I pray in the name of Jesus. Touch our brother Bill tonight, Lord. Reach out and touch him tonight. Oh God, I believe you for it. Father, there's nothing that you can't do tonight. And we lift our hearts and we lift our heads to you in prayer. I pray for my sisters. I pray for my brothers. I pray for the marriage. I pray for this church. I lift up my voice in victory tonight. For Oh, hallelujah. For my God cannot fail tonight in the name of Jesus Christ. Satan, you're defeated. You have no hold on us tonight. I rebuke you in the name of Jesus Christ for the glory of God tonight. Amen and amen and amen. Hallelujah. Or do you believe it tonight? Then lift up your hand and receive it in the name of Jesus. [Music] God bless you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music]
