################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-01 - 4.30.25 - The Specialty Of His Blessings - Daniel Darko - Daniel Darko.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-01
Title:   4.30.25 - The Specialty Of His Blessings - Daniel Darko
Speaker: Daniel Darko
Church:  Send The Light Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dDH4yTJdzZU
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. N. [Music] Heat. Heat. behind the earth. So rust, little bride, rest for all is well. You know, let's just sing that. All is well. All is well. We have heard the message shalom and all is [Applause] well. There is a place of perfect rest behind the inner man. Oh rest little bride rest for all is well. Hallelujah. What a privileged people we are to be able to sing that song. All is well because all's not well in the world but in Christ all is well. So I greet you in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ this afternoon. In him all things are possible. And I'm so so thankful to be here today. Grace is sufficient. It's trying sometimes, but it's sufficient. Amen. Uh brother Jonathan, can you open us with Yes, Lord. Yes. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Tune in very soon. Amen. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the game. Hallelu. Halleluah. We're going to see the game. No more dying. There we are. Going to see the king. There'll be no more dying. There we are going to see the king. No more dying. There we are going to see the king. Halleluah. Halleluah. We're going to see the king. No more crying there. There we are going to see the king. No more crying. There we are going to see the king. No more crying. There we are going to see the king. Halleluah. Halleluah. We're going to see the king. Oh, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Oh, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Halleluah. Hallelujah. We're going to see the king. Hallelujah. I'm excited. I want to go see the king. Hallelujah. You know, when you got a special guest coming over, you know, you prepare your house, you you know, clean it, you you know, you're just you're anticipating, right? Well, Christ is coming. Amen. You know, we should be anticipating his coming. Amen. Amen. Let the Holy Ghost come in. Amen. Would you be redeemed from every inbredad sin? Have the Holy Spirit constantly within. Make the consecration trusting in that. Let the Holy Ghost come in. Oh, let the Holy Ghost come in. Let the Holy Ghost come in. Make the consecration trust in God and then let the Holy Ghost come in. Would you have the spirit in your heart to cheer? Would you be relieved from every doubt and fear? Oh, make the consecration, trusting God. Let the Holy Ghost come in. Oh, let the Holy Ghost come in. Oh, let the Holy Ghost come in. Make the consecration trusting God and then let the Holy Ghost come in. Do you want the fire of God to fill your soul? Burn up all the d and sanctify the whole. Make the consecration. Trust in God. And then let the Holy Ghost come in. Oh, let the Holy Ghost come in. Oh, let the Holy Ghost come in. Make a consecration. Trust in God. And then let the Holy Ghost come in. Do you want the power to make you true and brave? Amen. So that you can rescue those that Christ would say. Make the consecration trusting God in them. Let the Holy Ghost come in. Oh, let the Holy Ghost come in. Oh, let the Holy Ghost come in. Make the consecration. Trust in God. And then let the Holy Ghost come in. Hallelujah. How many wants to let the Holy Ghost in? Amen. Amen. How many needs more of the Holy Ghost? Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. If he's He's giving it out for those that for those that seek it. Amen. Amen. Lifeboat. Amen. Hallelujah. We're floating down the streams of time. We have not long to stay. The stormy clouds of darkness will turn to brightest day. Then let us all take her not left alone. The lifeboat soon is coming together the jewels on cheer my brother cheer. Our trial will soon be old. Our love ones we shall meet shall meet upon that golden shore. We're pilgrims and we're strangers here. We're seeking a city to come. The lifeboat soon is coming to gather the jewels home. Sometimes the devil tempts me and says it's all in vain to try to live a Christian life and walk in Jesus name. But then we hear the master say, "I'll lend you a helping hand. And if you only trust in me, I'll guide you to that land. Then cheer my brother. Cheer. Our triumph will soon be yours. Our love ones we shall meet. Shall meet upon that golden shore. We're pilgrims and we're strangers here. We're seeking a city to come. The lifeboat soon is coming to gather the jewels on. The lifeboat soon is coming. My eyes of faith I see as she sweeps through the water to rescue you and me and land us safely in a port with friends we love so dear. Get ready Christ the captain. Oh look the almost here then cheer my brother cheer. Our trial will soon be all. Our love we shall meet shall meet upon that golden shore. We're pilgrims and we're strangers here. We're seeking a city to come. A life oh soon is coming to gather the jewels home. Oh now the time to get on board while she is passing by. But if you stand and wait to look, you shall forever die. The fair is paid for one and all. The captain bid you come. Get ready forward the lifeboat. She'll carry you safely home. Then cheer my brother cheer. Our trial will soon be over. Our love ones we shall meet. shall meet upon that golden shore. We're pilgrims and we're strangers here. We're seeking a city to come. The lifeboat soon is coming to gather the jewels home. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Yep. The lifeboat's on its way. It's time to get on board. Amen. Hallelujah. When the battle's over. How many's looking forward to that? Amen. I am a soldier of the cross, a follower of the lamb. And shall I fear to own his cause or blush to speak his name? And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown. Yes, we shall wear a crown. Yes, we shall wear a crown. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in the new Jerusale. Oh, wear a crown. Wear a crown. Wear a bright and shining crown. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in the new Jerusalem. Must I be carry to the skies of flower beds of e while others fought to win their prize and sail the bloody seas. And when the battle's over, we shall wear our crown. Yes, we shall wear our crown. Yes, we shall wear a crown. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in that new Jerusale. Oh, wear a crown. Wear a crown. We're a bright and shining ground. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in that new Jerusalem. Are there no foes for me to face? Must I not stem the flood? Is this our world our friend to grace to help unto God? And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown. Yes, we shall wear a crown. Yes, we shall wear a crown. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in the new Jerusalem. Oh, wear a crown. Wear a crown. Wear a bright and shining crown. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in the new Jerusalem. Sure, I must fight if I would reign. Increase my courage, Lord. I'll bear the toll earth the pain supported by thy word. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown. Yes, we shall wear a crown. Yes, we shall wear a crown. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in that new Jerusale. Wear a crown. Wear a crown. Wear a bright and shining crown. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in the new Jerusalem. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We have so many things to look forward to and nothing to look back at because looking back I'll just remind you of what you left and there ain't nothing there. Amen. Worth anything. Amen. Well, I just like to change your order of service. Amen. We're so blessed that we have our brother once again with us uh this Wednesday. Things didn't work out where he was going to go. So, we have the opportunity to uh have our brother back and uh so we just changed the service from a prayer service to a regular service. And um but continue to pray um for all those that the Lord would put on your heart. and um just receive what uh I believe this is a special occasion. So, let's just I believe God has something special for us if we can just believe by faith that he's for us. Amen. So, let's just pray be praying on that uh behalf. Also, um uh our men's meeting was a little bit smaller today. some of the young uh boys uh men that were coming uh one has a little bit of a resistance. He's I I truly believe when you your heart is going towards the Lord. Anybody that's been seeking the Lord knows that all hell comes against you. The gates of hell come against you. But if he's truly seeking the Lord, I I truly believe he'll be delivered. So, we just pray for uh him and um uh all the other boys that are trying to, you know, figure it out what's God about and all they have to do is just seek him. So, we just pray that they just seek them and God opens their eyes. So, let's just remember them. Also, Brother Marty, I don't see him tonight. Obviously, he's still in pain. So, let's just remember him in prayer. Uh, let's remember uh uh Brotherh Bruce and Sister Don as they travel. Uh let's remember all Let's pray for the uh memorial service for Friday. Um oh, Saturday, I'm sorry. Yeah, Saturday. And if there's any I I believe uh we're going to try to go down there. So if anybody's desiring to go down there, don't have a ride, just let me know. And uh I believe uh you'll be blessed. Fact, I would say I know you'll be blessed. So uh just let and the instructions and everything are out on the board in the back. So let's just remember that. Also, uh Keith and uh uh Linda have a request. Uh our son Josh is having a possible uh significant medical problem. He has been coming to the Lord uh the last few years. Uh we are thankful. So let's just remember uh him in prayer. That's her son. and um that God can use this opportunity um sometimes in our life when we don't we're scared and we don't know what to do um that's time to turn towards God. I mean you should be turning towards God on a daily basis but a lot of times that which really pushes us to turn towards God. So we pray that God would use this opportunity to uh reveal himself Amen. Um let's also Oh, and uh we've had our brother over was staying with us for uh past few days. He had a request on his heart. Um his dad has some property that's uh I don't know a little bit aways from him. About an hour away I think is some land and he wants to uh start trying to farm it. So it would be his desire to uh do that so that he could help you know in the people there. Um everybody needs help especially over there you know to to help uh in the crops to produce some crops and show people how to do it so that they can do it themselves and things like that. It's just upon his heart. So we just pray for that. Um let's just stand. Let's just go on one accord tonight and just take these needs before Lord. Dear heavenly father, Lord, as we approach your throne tonight, Lord God, we approach with reverence, Lord, we approach humbly before your throne, Lord God. Lord, we are Lord Jesus so in need this hour, Lord, for these requests. Lord, for all those that are afflicted, Lord, for our brother Marty, for sister Jeie, for our brother Bill Bailey, Lord, for all those that are suffering, Lord, for Jeanie, Lord, for anyone here, Lord, for our brother Keith, Lord, that needs a touch, Lord, for our sister uh Cheryl, Lord, for anybody, our brother John, our dear pastor, where with maybe a little bit of cold coming on, Lord, we just pray, Lord, that your your your Holy Spirit would just come, your healing power which is fall upon them, Lord, this night, Lord, that it might, Lord, just uh Lord, uh purify their bodies, Lord God. Oh, Lord, as we come to you tonight, Lord, we just pray that you we just remember these uh young uh men, Lord, as their as their desires to seek you out, Lord. We know that Lord if they have their heart uh just turned towards you, you'll turn yours towards them Lord God for you called them that you gave them that that spark that desired you Lord God. So Lord, as we come tonight, Lord, we just pray that Lord, you would just speak to everyone here tonight, Lord, and in your way. The only way that Lord, we can hear you through the Holy Spirit, Lord. Speak to our hearts, Lord Jesus. And all these things, Lord God, we just put them before you, Lord, because you are the our provider. You are our Lord. You are our our our king, Lord. and all these things. Lord, we thank you in Jesus name. Amen. Hallelujah. Just let's just stay standing as we take the u um offerings up. Amen. Brother Jonathan, can you do that? Yes, Lord. tools. Yes. Amen. Hello, you may be seated. Amen. Well, we sung about the battle when the battle's over and you're going to wear a crown. So, as we get a crown in Christ, it's it's just to give it back to him. So, let's just sing that. Uh, we fall down. Amen. We fall down. We lay our crowns at the feet of Jesus. The greatness of his mercy and love at the feet of Jesus. And we cry holy, holy, holy. And we cry holy, holy, holy. And we cry holy, holy, holy is the lamb. Is the lamb. We fall down. We lay our ground. At the feet of Jesus, the greatness of his mercy and love at the feet of Jesus. And we cry holy, holy, holy. And we cry holy, holy, holy. We cry holy, holy, holy is the lamb. His lamb. Amen. Let's just stand and sing that. We fall down. Lay our grounds at the feet of Jesus. And bring this up. Mercy and love at the feet of Jesus. And we cry holy, holy, holy. And we cry holy, holy, holy. And we cry holy, holy, holy. is the lamb of the John. God bless each of you for coming out tonight. Amen. believe as our brother Ron was saying, it seemed like when there's a few when there's not as many, you can just take the service so much more personal and you feel like the Lord is speaking to you for you. And let's just really try to enter into the word as our brother comes. And I I kind of feel like tonight is like the pillar of cloud lifted up and it didn't happen like it was supposed to happen like we planned. But but we're in the will of the Lord and let's just get behind our brother as he delivers the word to us and sing only believe as our brother comes to give us the word of life today. Only believe. [Applause] [Music] All things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. [Applause] [Music] Lord, I believe. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Amen. I believe that's the reason together again this evening. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's bow our heads for a word of prayer. our savior and our God. We thank you this evening Lord Jesus. We bless your name father for being so good oh Lord to us giving us this day with life and strength in us. Father you've led us oh Lord into our daily chores and once again you've made us to find time to come into your presence. We agree with Peter. He said, "Oh, to where shall we go?" Amen. There is nowhere, oh father, that your sons and daughters will be happy, be free, will be delivered than to come to your presence. That is why we're so appreciative this evening that you have given us another time of gathering, Lord, to have fellowship around your word. Help us, oh God, and see us through safe and successfully. I commit myself into your mighty hands, oh Lord. Lord, Father, let something pass through me, to your children, oh Father, Lord, that all may lift their faith to a higher ground. I pray, oh Lord, that let your word go and let it be accomp let it accomplish what you have sent it for to the glory of thy name. We thank you and we bless you in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless every one of us. Um, greetings from brother Gabriel Toari to every one of you. Amen. Uh, please before we sit, I want us to read our scripture for this evening. We are reading Habac chapter 2 from verse 1 to 4. I will stand upon my watch and set me upon the tower and will watch to see what he will say unto me and what I shall answer when I am reproved. And the Lord answered me and said, "Write the vision and make it plain upon the upon tables that he may run that readth it." For the vision is yet for an appointed time, but at the end it shall speak and not lie. Though it tight for it, because it will surely come, it will not tarry. Behold, his soul which is lifted up is not upright in him, but the just shall live by his faith. Hallelujah. Let's also turn to Jeremiah. Jeremiah chapter 29. Jeremiah chapter 29 and verse 11-4. For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, sayeth the Lord, thought of peace and not of evil, to give you an expected end. Then shall ye call upon me, and ye shall go and pray unto me, and I will hearken unto you, and ye shall seek me and find me when ye shall search for me with all your hearts. and I will be found of you, sayeth the Lord, and I will turn away your captivity, and I will gather you from all the nations and from all the places whether I have driven you, seeth the Lord, and I will bring you again into the place when I cause you to be carried away captive. Let's read our last scripture. Ephesians Ephesians chapter [Music] 1 Ephesians chapter 1 and verse 3 and 4. Blessed be the God and father of our Lord Jesus Christ who had blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ according as he has chosen us in him before the foundation of the world that we should be holy and without blame before him in love. The Lord adds blessing to the reading of his word. Amen. Let's please take our seat. God bless every one of us. Amen. Yes. When I say that, I expect you to say amen. Amen. If you don't say amen, it means you don't like God's blessings. You understand? So when I say God bless you, I want to hear amen from you. Amen. That's it. Hallelujah. Well, it's good that we are together again. Um I didn't know that I'll be here, but God made it, you know. Thank you, Lord. possible because I have to be with uh brother Gabriel but things didn't go as we planned but uh you know there is something that the Bible made us to be aware that God have already designed everything according to his own purpose so sometimes it is not what we think but it is what God deem fit. Amen. Hallelujah. So we are so happy that we are together again. Amen. Well, this evening my topic is specialtity of his blessings. Specialtity of his blessings. You know when God is going to bless is not ordinary. Amen. Yeah. His blessings are always special. And the specialtity of that blessing, we don't work for it and we don't plan for it. Like we said last Sunday about the introduction of the supernatural, you have to accept it before it will be made manifest in your life. Because without you accepting it, it can manifest. So anything that the Lord does in the life of his people, there has to be an acceptance at a point before God's word can be made manifest in the life of the believer. Amen. Now so we see that when we are talking about specialtity it means something distinguished you know something that is not ordinary that is why it is called special something unique. Hallelujah. You see something that you can you can look at it and admire and say whoa what a thing. It is unique in its form. So therefore you give a great value to that and that is what God does in the life of all his children. Amen. Many times we pray to the Lord and we we expect instant results. Oh Lord Jesus I want this. We looking forward that poor it should it should appear. But you see many times God don't work like that way. There are some some instances that you pray and im God will give the you know answer immediately. But there are others also it doesn't go that way. And as we have established it depend upon what God thought is about that particular request. Whatever God thought is about that particular request that is how he's going to made it manifest. So therefore he said our thoughts are not his according to what Jeremiah told us you know in the word of God. of which every believer wish that oh whatever I ask the Lord instantly it it should come. Sometimes uh you you come you know in confrontation with perhaps unbelievers or or some colleagues and uh you wish that something happened for them to see the power of God. Is that Yes. You you you think that something should happen right now like how God broke the earth and push all the unbelievers in in the presence of Moses. Sometimes we think that something like that should happen to the unbelievers on the street. But that that's not how God is thinking about it. Praise the name of our God. So we have to rely on God's own time. And once we rely on God's stone time, when that thing come into our life, then it becomes so special. It comes so special with great value. Hallelujah. Let's read up Isaiah and come back. I want to take a note there. Isaiah chapter 55. chapter 55 and I think verse 9, he said, "For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than yours." Okay, let me take it again. For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways and my thoughts than your thoughts. So our thoughts and the thought of God concerning our life can never be equal. God's thoughts are higher than our thoughts. That is why we should never live in our own understanding. But we should always rely on God's word and for that matter the purpose of God for our lives. Amen. So now in bringing it back to link with that of Jeremiah, let's link it again with that of Jeremiah and catch it somewhere. Jeremiah 29 again we are reading it then verse 11. He said, "For I know the thought that I think toward you, sayeth the Lord. I know the thought that I think toward you. I am very happy that God have a thought about me." Amen. He told Jeremiah, "Before you were even formed in the womb of your mother, I knew you and I ordained you a prophet." So it was not anything Jeremiah did in his own in his own strength on his own thoughts but it was God it was what God have ordained him to be on earth. Hallelujah. He said for I know the thought that I think toward you say the Lord thought of peace and not of evil to give you an expected end. An expected end. Then shall ye call upon me, and ye shall go and pray unto me, and I will hearken unto you. And ye shall seek me and find me when you shall search for me with all your heart. Not some part of your but all your heart. Total surrender. and I will be found of you, sayeth the Lord, and will turn away your captivity, and I will gather you from all the nations and from all the places whether I have driven you, sayeth the Lord. Whatever the situation will put you, God will bring you back, and I will bring you again into the place when I cause you to be carried away captive. And this is why we love the predestination of God. And no child of God will lose his position. Every child of God have his or her position in Christ Jesus. And no one will take your position unless you are you are not part to begin with. But if you are part of it, nobody will take your position. Now let us look it this way. When Abraham was called by God and God said that Abraham, I'm going to bless you. You are going to be a father of nations. And when Abraham himself knew that his wife was barren and they were stricken in age and so therefore there was nothing like possibility which of course was the mind of Abraham because if you read Genesis carefully there was a point when God told Abraham about this promise. The Bible say that Abraham fell down on put his face on the ground and he laughed within his heart. Hallelujah. And he was asking himself so many questions. He said my wife is old and I'm old. I mean how how can it be possible? But surprisingly God didn't rebuke Abraham. God didn't ask Abraham anything. It was not that God didn't know what Abraham was thinking within him. If you ask me why, I don't know why. But when Sarah one day also laugh by that same comment from God, God asks a question. He said, "Why did Sarah laugh?" Amen. So you see the way God thinks about us. the life of God. He has already shared it among his people. And the Lord knows how to go with brother John. The Lord knows how to go with brother Daniel. The Lord now has to go with sister Trish and everybody. Brother, everyone God knows the way and manner he is moving with you. Therefore, anything God have decided about you in particular, nothing can change it. Hallelujah. Nothing can change it. The only thing you have to do is to continue in the vision of God. Whatever God thought is about you, accept it and move with it. No matter any challenge that comes your way, sometimes you found yourself in certain situation and it will completely discourage you as a Christian. But then don't be discouraged. Just stand upon the promises of God. Habac said the vision is for an appointed time. Even though it's utari, wait for it for it shall surely come. Surely come and God words does not fail. How long is going to come, I don't know, but I'll wait for it because I want to walk in the vision of God. I want to walk in the promises of God. I want to take the special blessings that God have put on my way. Hallelujah. You need concentration. You need patience. You need love to wait on God. Amen. But you see it went that way and as if it was not going to happen. But Abraham had faith in the Lord. After all, he knew that the Lord called him out of unbelief and the Lord have led him throughout so many obstacles and always there was victory on his side. So surely if the Lord said that he's going to bring forth a son, he has to continue to believe it. But as human it came to a point then the wife Sarah wanted to go, you know, ahead of God and she suggested that why don't you take my mate and raise up children because the Lord have closed my womb. Sarah thought that he could she could help God. No, you can't help God. God don't need any help from you. Hallelujah. God don't need any help from you. Sarah thought her she was going to help God, but God said, "No, that is not the heir. I didn't raise Hagar to bring the heir into the home of Abraham." He said, "Your wife Sarah will bring forth a son." And we all saw what happened. In fact, like the prophet demonstrated it. He said Abraham will go to the shop even though he has not seen any sign of it coming but he will go to the shop because he took God's word. He accepted God's word. He will go to the shop and begin to buy you know the items that they will use for the child when he was born. He kept preparing himself like how we are preparing ourselves today to meet the Lord Jesus Christ. One of these days we are in preparation. Abraham prepared himself and he will ask he will ask Sarah darling how do you feel? Then he said well the old story is the same way. You come back and ask the same story but one day when Abraham asked that question there was a positive answer. He said no my husband today I feel different within me. I think something has taken place. I think the promise of God have started in fulfillment. Hallelujah. Let's wait for it now. Within no time everybody saw that Sarah was pregnant and that long awaited promised child Isaac was delivered. And that became a special blessing. So long as the faith of Abraham was concerned, Isaac became a special blessing. And we all know how the Lord dealt with Isaac until even at his youthful stage, God came back and said that take that son that I promise you, go and sacrifice him. Wow. Again, Abraham stood in his faith and he paid his son Isaac and he told the wife, "I and the Lord, we are going to sacrifice and then we'll come back." Hallelujah. I and the lad we are going to sacrifice and will come back. But indeed Abraham knew that he was going to kill the boy and use him as a sacrifice unto the Lord. But he did not tell the wife that this is the situation. He said I and the boy we are going to do a sacrifice and we'll come back. That was the mind of God because the mind of God was that Abraham was not going to kill Isaac. Okay, that was the mind of God. So when they got to that place and Isaac asked his father, "Father, I have been sacrificing with you for some time now and whenever we are going to sacrifice, we take the lamp, we take uh the fire and today I see all those item but I don't see any lamp. Where is the lamp?" That was a question Isaac asked his father. And Abraham said, "My son, God will provide himself a sacrifice." It was a prophecy. It was God speaking through Abraham. Because what was going on, it was not the mind of Abraham, but it was the mind of God. Lo and behold, Abraham told Isaac that the Lord will provide himself a lamb. But before Isaac realized he has been tied and placed upon the altar and Abraham reached for the knife and was going to strike his son Isaac. Then he heard a voice, "Abraham, Abraham, do no harm to the child. But now I know that you respect me. Now I know that you believe in me. Now I know that you fear me." Look around you there in the ticket there is a lamb. Take him and do the sacrifice. Hallelujah. Abraham told Sarah that I and a child we are going to do sacrifice and come back. And so because it was the mind of God that they will go and come back, God made sure that it will manifest. Hallelujah. But the ordinary Abraham, you see, the ordinary Abraham didn't think that way. The ordinary Abraham knew that Isaac was not going to come back. But the good Abraham knew that Isaac was going to come back. That is why Abra Abraham told Sarah that I and a child we are going to sacrifice and come back. And then after that we saw what God used Isaac to do in the house of Abraham. Hallelujah. Now when Isaac grew old and then he also find himself in a marriage with Rebecca, it was the same issues the same way. It took some time before Rebecca also got pregnant. And when Rebecca got pregnant, the Bible says that he went to see a man of God, a prophet, because there was kind of commotion in her womb. And then she was told that look, there are two nations in you, and the elder shall serve the younger. Whoa. How can it be possible? Well, that was a prophecy of God to Rebecca and was no time then Rebecca brought forth this boys, this Jacob and Esau. Can you imagine? The Bible says that when Esau came and Jacob followed, they saw that Jacob was holding the heel of Esau. In fact, he was beating him in the womb of the mother. He was harassing him in the womb of the mother because a prophecy has come that the younger shall overrule the elder. You see, and God's word must always be made manifest no matter the condition, no matter what who believe or who don't believe. Hallelujah. Because like we say that any unbelief cannot stop God in acting. No, no unbelief can stop God in acting. Whether you believe it or not, God don't care about that. What God know is to make his his power to be made manifest. Yours could be something else. But in all, God is looking at the thought and vision he has for you. Hallelujah. God is looking to the vision and thought that he has for you. So Isaac, I'm sorry, Rebecca, when he brought forth and this children grew, the one day, one day, uh, the Bible says that when Isaac was old and his eyes could not see well and and all that and he was he was someone that really loved when Esau, his son, will make a a soup Uh what do we call it? Uh broth without a venison. He enjoyed it. He like it. You understand? He like it. Like I like it. Everybody like food. Hallelujah. Oh yes. If you don't like food then you have to see the doctor. Okay. There might be something wrong with you. Are are you catching what I mean? So So Isaac love that. So the Bible say that because of that he has some kind of love for his son Esau. Look at this. I want you to check this thing. Isaac loved Esau because of the food. But Rebecca loved Jacob because of the word of God. So one day Isaac told his son Esau that my son I am old. I want to pour blessings upon you. Go therefore and do as you have been doing always. Find me a deer and prepare you know that kind of soup for me. Let me eat and let my soul rejoice and I will bless you. So Esau rushed to the bush. Then Rebecca heard all these things. Then he called she called her she called his son Jacob said Jacob come. This is what I've heard your father telling your brother. I will not let that blessing go to Esau. I will not the blessing to come onto you because that is the promise that God promised me. Come on, go and fetch me a kid. I'll dress it and I'll prepare the soup for you. Take it to your father. Let him eat and let him bless you. my Jacob said no ma but my father will notice that I'm deceiving him because my voice is different from the voice of Esau and Esau is hairy and my body is smooth. What about if I go and my father filled my body and found out that I am I am here to deceive him. What do you think will happen to me? Then Rebecca said, "My son, let that be upon me. You just go and do as I've told you." Hallelujah. But remember that before that, huh? Esau have sold his birthight to Jacob. So if Esau have sold his birthright and the oath to Jacob, why will he take the inheritance? No, the inheritance must go to the firstborn. Is that clear? So why will it be that Esau must go back and take the inheritance when he has in fact sold the birthright to his younger brother? So he went and did as the mother instructed and within no time Rebecca prepared the soup and the aroma charged the whole place. He said carry it and send it to your father. So Jacob took the soup and sent it to the father. He said father I am here your son Jacob please I prepared as you you ordered. Take it eat and bless me. Then Isaac said, "How come that within no time you've been able to get the deer and prepare the soup?" He said, "Well, the Lord was with me." Says, "Is that so?" He said, "Yes, okay, bring it." And he sent it. His father ate it. He really enjoyed it. In fact, he did it the same way as Esau used to do it. There was no difference. So Isaac couldn't dictate. But when he finished, he said, "Come, come to me, my son, Esau. Come, let me, let me, let me, let me fill you." And then, God have mercy. Jacob reached to his father Isaac and Isaac felt his body because Rebecca put you know the skin of the of the lamb some part on his son Jacob. So when Isaac felt the body he felt that it was Harry and for that matter he thought that it was Esau. So Isaac said, "Well, the body is the body of Esau, but the voice is the voice of Jacob." What a confusion. Hallelujah. He said the body is the body of Jacob, but the the the the voice the voice of Esau. There was certain you know doubt over there but Isaac didn't have no option. He called Jacob and he blessed him. He pour all his blessings upon him. Anything that was in him that supposed to have put on Esau, he pour it upon Jacob. Hallelujah. Yes. The voice was the voice of Jacob and the body was the body of Jacob. But there was a lambkin over him. That is what make the difference. Hallelujah. That was what make the difference. So after he poured the blessings upon him, then the Bible say that he was barely out from the room when Esau also came around. And when Esau came around quickly he went to the kitchen and prepared whatever he's supposed to prepare. And then he also reached to the father Isaac. He said father I have come. I have prepared what you requested. He said what? Who are you? He said I am your son Esau. He said what? No then your brother have come and take your blessing. Hallelujah. Your brother have come to take your blessing. But what will happen? It has already happened. He said, "Dad, then I want you to bless me too." He said, "No, there is no blessing again. I've already poured the blessings upon your brother." It was a special blessing. Hallelujah. If God have ordained that anything will come to you, nothing nothing will stop it. Nothing will stop it. You see, sometimes people will will talk about this and they will denigrate Rebecca for telling Jacob to go and do that. You don't have any revelation about that. Hallelujah. Rebecca didn't do any mistake. Rebecca was following that say the Lord. Rebecca was walking in the vision of God because it has already been told her that the the younger will overrule the elder. And when you come to Romans, the Bible said that God told he said, "Jacob I love, but Esau have I hated." How will God pour his blessings upon something that he hate? It's impossible. He said, "I love Jacob." And so you have to love what God love. Is that clear? That is why Rebecca didn't do any mistake but he loved Jacob because he have been told that God love Jacob. So if God love Jacob it doesn't matter whoever is in love with Esau. I will see what God see and I will love what God love. Hallelujah. And that is all what God want us to be. We have to be with God. Whatever we are, we have to be with God. We have to go by God's way. Where he lead us, that is where we have to go. We shouldn't have our own thoughts. We should have. He said, "My thoughts are higher than yours." And Rebecca tried as much as possible to be in the thought of God. He wanted to follow the vision of God. Hallelujah. That is why if somebody said that he made a mist No, Rebecca didn't make any mistake. He she was completely following God according to the vision and according to the prophecy. Amen. Let your blessing be a special blessing if only you follow what God taught is about you. Perhaps you may not understand. Oh, why is it so? Oh, why am I here? Oh, why am I doing this and I don't see my feet. Sometimes you will never understand it. But all is in the purpose of God. What I want you to understand that as a child of God, you only ought to follow the principles that God will lay upon your way. And that is where you see the mighty hand of God in your life. Not what you think. Hallelujah. Not what somebody think about you, but what you have connection with. So long as God is concerned in the life of Joseph. When God begin to deal with him, when God to begin to reveal things to him, when God begin to show him what he was going to be in the future and he told to his brothers, he became their enemy. In fact, one day his own father asked him a question. Are you telling me that I am the star? your mother is the moon and you're breathing the the stars and we are bowing down to you. Joseph said, "No, Dad. I have not I've not said that. It was just a dream that I had and I was sharing it with my brethren and he was hated." It came to a point they wanted to kill Joseph because of what God had made him to be. They plan to kill him. When Jacob asked Joseph to go to see how they were fairing whilst they were feeding the animals on the wilderness. When they saw Joseph coming, they said, "Yeah, that's the dreamer coming. It's time for us to take revenge. Let us kill him so that his visions and and his so-called dreams will come to an end." He's disturbing us with every day I have a dream, every day I have this, every day I've seen this, every day I have seen that. If you cannot see and somebody can see, why should it be your problem? Praise the name of our God. You cannot be what you are not. Is that clear? You can never be what you are not. And if God make you to be somebody, nobody also can change that destiny because it is God's own purpose for you. If God say that I have blessed you with this substance, nobody can take it from your hand because it's a special one. They try to kill Joseph. They put him in a dry well. They stone him over there. But thankful to the Lord when they saw the Medidionite traders passing by then they decided now don't let us kill our brother let us sell him. So they sold him into slavery with wicked minds. They didn't know where their brother was going to to be but they didn't care about anything. They sold him exactly as Jesus was sold. They went back home and lied to their father. They kill one of the kid and they apply the blood in the coat of many colors that Jacob so loved Joseph that he he made that quote special for him to differentiate him from his brethren. Jacob himself realized that Joseph was a special child but he was not able to stand to defend his son. And they brought that coat soaked with the blood of animal and told a lie to Jacob that this is what we found on the way. Perhaps some wild animal, some some mountain lion have cheered him and I mean and the Bible say that Jacob cried and cried and cried for his son Joseph because he thought that he was dead. So Jacob was crying for for Isaac. I'm sorry for Joseph whilst he was alive. Can you imagine your father crying for you thinking that you are dead? Your mother crying for you thinking that you are dead. But you are alive and they took Joseph far away to Egypt. Look at what God did. He found himself in a home of Potifer, a general of the Pharaoh. And we all know that story. I won't go into details of that. When the wife of Portifa tried to commit sin with Joseph, Joseph said, "No, madame, I can't do that." He said, "I cannot sin against my God." He said, "No, nobody is here. It's me and you. I mean, why?" He said, "No, if I do that, I have sinned against my God." He said, "Where is your God? Your God is far away in Kenna." He said, "Well, my God have eyes that can see every place. I cannot hide. I cannot hide from the presence of my God. His eyes are everywhere. So I am not ready to do that." And this woman implicated Joseph. And Joseph was put in the dungeon falsely, falsely accused. Nobody was there to defend him. He was a stranger and a slave. So they put him in the dungeon falsely. Brother, sister, you see sometimes things will come your way. You cannot defend yourself. But that doesn't mean that you are guilty. Hallelujah. That doesn't mean that you are guilty. God fight for his people at all given time. And God descended and started fighting for Joseph. Hallelujah. One day whilst in the dungeon, then two servants of the king, King Pharaoh were also sent there. The battler and then the baker. Both of them have kids. And so when they went to see Joseph in the dungeon, the Bible said that one night both of them had dream and they were confused. So Joseph asked them, "Now why are you so so down?" And then the battle said, "Well, this is the dream that I've had and I'm confused. I don't know the meaning of it. This, that, this, that, this, that." And Joseph said, "Well, this is the meaning of your dream that in three days Pharaoh will lift up your head again and place you back to your position." And then the Bible says that when the baker heard the good interpretation of the other man, then he also told to Joseph his dream. And Joseph said, "Well, your dream interpretation is that in three days time, Pharaoh is going to lift your head and execute you. You are going to be killed in three days." And the Bible says that it happened exactly as Joseph gave the interpretation. You see, this was what God had wanted to use Joseph to do far away in Kenna among his brethren. But because of the hatred that they had for him, they push him out to go and rather manifest it in a strange land. But before they left the dungeon, uh, Joseph told the batlad, "Please, when you go, remind me before Pharaoh because I am falsely accused and I was put here. So please tell Pharaoh about me." But unfortunately, unfortunately, when the battler was restored to his position, he forgot about Joseph completely. But there was a reason for that. There was a reason for that. Brother, sister, anything that happen in your life, the Bible said that just give glory to God. Can I hear amen here? He said anything that happened in your way, just give glory to God. Listen to this. That the butler completely forgot about Joseph. For over two years, he was still in the dungeon. Meanwhile, he told him that I have done nothing wrong for me to be brought here. I was falsely accused by Portifer's wife. But his dream and the dream of the B I'm sorry, the baker, it came perfectly as Joseph interpreted it. He said the baker must die for the butler to live. And the baker was the one that produce food. And the food represent the flesh. And the battler was the one that give wine to the pharaoh. And the wine represent, you know, spiritual things, you know, stimulation of revelation. And so the flesh must die for the spirit to live. In the life of a Christian, in the life of a child of God, take this. Any flesh must die in you for the spirit of God to live in you. The flesh must die. Anything fleshly must die. Anything laziness must die. Anything lukewarmness must die. Anything that weigh you down must die so that your spiritual life will live. And that is where God meet us. God don't meet us on our flesh. He meet us by the standard of the spirit that is in us. He speak to us by his spirit. Hallelujah. He speak to us by his spirit and he expect our soul who feed on the spiritual food which is the word of God to respond to his word. So everything fleshly must die in the life of the believer. And that is what exactly what happened. The butler died and the one that prod's blessings as always so special Pharaoh himself had a dream and the Bible says that there was nobody there to give the interpretation. Then the butler remembered Joseph. He said, "King, when you put us over there in the dungeon, I and a butler, both of us had a dream one night. And there was a young Hebrew child there, young Hebrew man who gave us the interpretation of our dreams and it manifested exactly. King permit me to go and bring him so that perhaps he will give your dream interpretation. He said what is that? He said go and bring Joseph. And they brought Joseph before Pharaoh. Brother, sister, look at this thing. If the butler remembered and spoke to Pharaoh about Joseph at that time and Joseph was brought out from the dungeon and Joseph was set free. Do you think that Joseph would have stayed there? I am sure that he wouldn't he wouldn't stay among the people. He would have tried to go back to his country where he came from. And if it happened that way, where were they going to find him to give interpretation to that of the king? That is why in God's wisdom, in God's own way, the battler forgot completely about the request of Joseph that he be made mention to the king that he was accused first and for that matter he has to be released. God made him forget about completely till Pharaoh himself had a dream. Now it was time for God to vindicate Joseph. So they pull him out from the dungeon and he stood before Pharaoh and he gave the interpretation of Pharaoh's dream and he show him exactly what was going to happen per his dream and Pharaoh said then what should we do to avoid this that you are claiming is going to come and Joseph said well Pharaoh should look among his people, a wise person, a man with wisdom, a man that fears God, hallelujah, a man that is accurate in all his doings and give him authority to manage the affairs in the first seven years that there is going to be plenty of food so that you restore it before the seven you know lean year will come and Pharaoh looked around he said well if we need any man like that I don't see anybody in this province than you Joseph yourself hallelujah so immediately Joseph was raised to be the test of Pharaoh. And the Bible said that Pharaoh then removed his ring and put on the finger of Joseph. Meaning anything that was going to be done in that land at that time without Joseph sealing it, it cannot go out. And so Pharaoh gave Joseph that authority and we see that blessing that God prepared for Joseph. It was time for it manifestation. And Joseph waited. Joseph said, "I have not sinned. I've not I've not commit even among my brethren. I didn't commit any sin and they sold me." And here in Egypt also, I didn't commit any sin, but I've been prisoned falsely. But all he was walking in the vision of God. God knew that yes my son nothing have you done wrong but look at what you are going through. It is all for a purpose. And when the glory of God was made manifest in the life of Joseph. Oh, now Pharaoh, all his men, all his household, Portifer and the rest, everyone bowed down before Joseph. The Bible says that they made him rode in the chariot of Pharaoh and everybody was bowing down. They were blowing trumpet because the prime minister Joseph was coming. Oh my, what is more blessing than this? When God will elevate you among your enemies, when God will elevate you among your co-equals, when God will elevate you in your society because that you believe in him and you respect and you love him, what is more than that? And then whilst Joseph was you know enjoying his kingship in in in uh in Pharaoh's palace the whole province after a seven year there was famine. Every place there was famine. There was trouble here and there. People were crying no food, no food, no food, no food. And it rigged the land of Canaan. My they had nothing to do. They have no choice than to write to Egypt because that was where they heard that there was food. So Jacob said, "Well, my sons, go to Egypt and buy food for us before we all die." And this brothers gathered themselves up. They rode on their animals heading towards Egypt because they have heard that there's food there. They have heard that there's a prayer minister who is taking an affair and making sure that everything goes well there and then one day they entered into the gates of Egypt and they were led into the palace of Joseph. The Bible said and when Joseph saw his brethren he recognized them immediately but they didn't see him. And that is what God is doing in your life. Those who hate you will see you but they will not recognize you because of the blessing of God. Because God will make you so special that they will not see you. They will begin to ask questions. Ah, is that him? Is that Yes, it's him. Bible said that Joseph started speaking in tongues. He spoke in Egyptian language and there was interpreter that was interpreting to his brethren. But you see what God has blessed no man can curse it. When Joseph had a dream that his brethren were bowing down to him and as a result of that they sold him over 20 years. They came back to do the same thing. They bowed down before Joseph when they didn't know that it was Joseph that they were bowing out to. In fact, the account says that they bowed down three good times and that is all what God can do for his people. If God says he has blessed you, no man can curse you. If God say he has elevated you, no man can bring you down. Right from the time when Joseph started having the dreams and they hated him. What happened? God made it to be manifested. No matter what opposition that Joseph faced at that time, God's word must go forth to accomplish what he has sent it for. And that is what we have to accept into our lives. Brother, sister, we don't know what God has for us, but one thing we know that he's a faithful God. And he said that the vision is for an appointed time. Even though it will turb yourself, just wait for it and walk in the vision and wait to see what God has spoken about you in the future. Amen. Now, let's listen to what the prophet said here. I'm quoting from approach to God. He said, "Now Abraham was called for separation to S John as a pilgrim and a stranger with what? a promise that God was going to bless the world by him. Call out when he was 75 years old. Sarah being 65, 10 years difference in their age. And he set out and waited 25 years. still trusting, still believing, professing to be a stranger, coming to God through the approach and everything, still believing that he was going to have a son, he was walking in the vision. That is it. Hallelujah. And then after he was 100 years old or 99 years old, Abraham getting way up into the 25 years now, God approached Abraham. He said, "Now Lord, I am getting old, but how? I believe you are going to do it." That was Abraham. He said, "Lord, I believe you are going to do it, but I don't know just how you are going to do it." Amen. He said, "I I don't doubt it. It's going to be Lord, but could you just show me a little way that is going to be?" That was the request of Abraham according to the prophet. Will you just show me the way you are? God, will you show me how you are going to make me whom you have made me to be? Lord, will you show me how you are going to make me? Will you show me the kind of house you are going to put me in? Will you show me the kind of kind of car you want me to ride? Hallelujah. Will you show me the kind of I mean a whole lot of you know request can range in the mind of Abraham but he said Lord will you show me how I am going to have a son because I'm growing old my wife is becoming an elderly woman in fact she has passed the the time of menopause Lord how are you going to do it oh my he said that is where your little special blessings comes you See how you going to do it Lord now I am old you are going to do it but just could you just show me how you are going to do it I the prophet said I love that don't you just how you going to do it father you just show me God said come right here Abraham I want to talk to you just a moment and God is calling all of us right now he want to talk to us just a moment Amen. He said, Abraham, I am the Almighty one. I am Almighty God. Walk before me and be perfect. That is how I am going to do it. Hallelujah. You see how the prophet put it? that Abraham was requesting that God will show him how he was going to do it. And God said,"Abraham, if you want to know how I'm going to do that, if you want to know how I'm going to bless you, this is how I'm going to do it. Just walk before me and be perfect." Meaning, walk in the vision, walk in my word and be made perfect and that is the way I am going to bless you. There is no other way, brother, sister. There is no other way but just to trust and obey. How we have that song, trust and obey. But there's no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust and oy. That is the way for the believer to take his blessing from God. That is the way for the believer to know how God is going to bless him. And when we are talking about blessing, brother, sister, there are so many ways that people think what should be a blessing in my life. So many ways, so different thoughts and different ideas. But well each and everyone have his own desire. Each and everyone have his own requests what he want God to make him to be. If only you can use that to praise your God. If only it would not be outside the word of God. God is capable and more than able to give that to you. Can I hear amen? Amen. He is able and more than able to do it for us. He did it for Isaac. He did it for Abraham. He did it for Sarah. He did it for Joseph. And he has done it for so many. And it is you and I our time. Let us walk in the vision and see what the Lord will do for us. He said, "Walk before me and be made perfect." I am quoting this one. Show us the father. He said, "God's word is a seed. God is in his word. Look at him when he makes his word manifest. His promises of what he will do. Look at 120 people taking God's word. They went up to the day of Pentecost and waited until that commission. He said, "Turry ye in the city of Jerusalem until you are endued with power from on high." God's word sunk into their hearts and they waited there. God said, "Wait in Jerusalem. Don't go to Galilee. Don't go to Kaa." Hallelujah. But in Jerusalem, wait there for the promise. In other words, walk in the vision of God. Amen. Walk in the word of God. Huh? He said the word sunk into their hearts and they waited there. What was they doing? Just sitting around saying, "Well, I'll see what will happen." You can't water it that way. Just sitting down. Oh, I'm a believer. Oh, I'm a Christian. Just sitting down. No, no, no, no. You can't water it that way. The prophet said you can't water it that way. If you say, "Well, yes, I believe in divine healing." Oh, sure. It's in the Bible. That is not the way to get healed. You might have the seed, but you got to water it. He said, "You might have the seed, but you got to water it. You have the word of God. You have the promise of God. You have to walk in the word. You have to walk in the vision of God to receive the blessings of God." Praise be the name of our God. Hallelujah. He said you you can't water it that way. Now the Bible said when they were in the upper room, they were blessing and thanking God and praising God. Why praising him? Because they knew it was coming for they had the seed in their heart. God's promised word. Hallelujah. Today you and I, we have to do the same. We cannot just sit and claim that we are Christians and for that matter God is doing this for us and no we must be in the word. We must walk in the word. We must walk in the vision. We must t and t and t. He say even though it will t but it will surely come. What will come? Your special blessing. Specialtity. What God has planned for you, brother, sister, it belongs to you. Nobody can take it. The brethren of Joseph couldn't take his blessing. Even though it tried, but it came to manifest. Hallelujah. Situation and condition couldn't take the blessing of Abraham. Even though it tried, it came to manifest. Hallelujah. And everyone that have walked with the Lord could testify that indeed when God speak it come to manifest. Amen. Why would the people in Noah's day call him a mad man? Because what he was saying was the word of God. And that was what God was was was about to do. But they look down upon it and they call Noah madman. But that did not discourage Noah. Noah continue to walk in that vision. He continue to walk in that word until after 120 years it manifested. So when God is pouring his blessings upon his people, brother, it has no hindrance. Nothing can hinder it because it is for you. Amen. Now in closing, in closing now, when Jacob came to Egypt, when his brethren, I mean, so Joseph's brethren came to Egypt and they found out that oh, that is Joseph, our brother whom we thought that was dead over 20 years ago. my Joseph the prime minister of Egypt. Then he said, "Well, is my father yet alive?" They said, "Yes, your father is alive." He said, "Go and bring him to me." And they went back. They carried Jacob, an old man, and they all went to Egypt. And that was when Israel saw John in Egypt. But the time came when Joseph Jacob realized that he was old and Joseph brought his sons to him to bless them. We all know what happened in the mind of Joseph. He knew that Ephraim was the elderly son and for that for that matter the right hand of his father Jacob must fall upon Ephraim because he was the first son and Manasseh was placed on the left. Okay. So it mean in a in a in a in a in a sense the bigger blessing must go upon Ephraim and then the lesser one must go upon Manasse. But while they closed their eyes and the prophet Jacob was about to pronounce a blessing then his hands were crossed. So instead of the right hand going upon the elder, it rather went to the younger. And Joseph said, "Oh no, no, father, that is the younger one. The one on the right is the elder." And Jacob said, "My son, it is God that have crossed my hand. If there is any special blessing in my right hand, I am not delivering it. But it is God that is delivering it." So that special blessing that Joseph thought that it will go to the elderly son, it rather went to the younger son. Manazi brother, sister, you see how God does his things. It is not what you think but it is what he think about you. It is not what someone think but it is what God think about you. And my prayer tonight for all of us is that whatever thought God have for us, let us walk in the vision. Let us wait on the Lord and nothing and I say nothing can change it. God has already bless us. Let us accept it and walk with it. Amen. God bless all of us. Let's bow our heads. Oh dear father, we thank you again this evening Lord Jesus. Father we know that what you can do is no secret for you know the thought that you have towards us. Your word has made it plain and clear that father as the heavens are higher than the earth so are your thoughts than our thoughts. Help us oh father to always wait on thee and walk according to your word. Lord Jesus as your sons and your daughters. Many at times or father our thoughts become so different from what you think about us. Situations and circumstances of this world sometime make us to think the way we shouldn't. Heavenly Father, when we find ourselves in circumstances of that nature, we ask for your forgiveness. And Lord, help us and strengthen us to walk according to your word concern our lives. And for sure we know that whatever you have taught of us, nothing can stop us. Nothing can stop it, Lord. For he said the vision is for an appointed time. Even though it will t but it should surely come. We should wait for us. Help us oh God to wait for it. And in all this Lord we give you glory, honor and adoration for making us your sons and your daughters. Help us. Help us Lord. Help us again and strengthen us in the faith as we keep waiting for your soon coming. Anything Lord Jesus that we need to know, anything of father that we need to be Lord help us oh God that we may always be in thy word. Thank you in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Praise the Lord for us. Stand together. Living by faith. I care not today what the tomorrow may bring if shadow or sunshine or rain. Oh Lord, I know rule for everything. And all of my worry is vain. Living by faith in Jesus our God. [Music] trusting on fire. He is all from the heart in a sheltering heart. I'm living my faith in a funeral. The death may blow and the storm clouds arise obscuring the brightness of life. No alarm at the overcast skies. The master looks with the strife. Living by faith in Jesus our above. trusting confronted in his great love. From our sin to the sheltering, I'm living my faith and I feel your love. I know that he saves me will carry me through no matter what evil become. Why should I then care though the tempest may blow? In Jesus walks close to my side by Jesus alone. Trusting God. We need his great [Music] love from our hearts. He is sh to [Music] [Applause] re some sweet day. Our troules will not all be over. Master so gently will lead us away beyond the bless heavenly [Music] sh in Jesus [Music] above in his great love. from my heart in a shelter [Music]
