################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-29 - 6.29.25 - Why The Message Of The Hour - Alex Magoulas - Alex Magoulas.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-29
Title:    6.29.25 - Why The Message Of The Hour? - Alex Magoulas
Speaker:  Alex Magoulas
Church:   Send The Light Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 8m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aV_34VEK-K0
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. Because he lives, all fear is gone. Because I know. Yes, I know he holds my future and life is worth the living just because he lives. Because he lives, I can face tomorrow. Because he lives, all fear is gone. Because I know, yes, I know. He holds my future. And life is worth the living just because he lives. Amen. Amen. Amen. Listen to that chorus. All hail King Jesus. Amen. Amen. Oh, hail King Jesus. Oh, Hyman Emanuel, King of Kings, Lord of Lords, bright morning star. And throughout eternity, I'm going to praise him. and forever more I will reign with him. Oh hail King Jus. Oh hail Iman Emanuel, King of Kings, Lord of Lords, bright morning star. And throughout eternity I'm going to praise him. and forever more I will reign with him. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Ask brother Nehemiah to open in a word of prayer. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. You may be seated. Victory in Jesus. Amen. That's a good place. I heard an old old story. How a savior came from glory. how he gave his life on Calvary to save a wretch like me. I heard about his groaning of his precious blood atoning. Then I repented of my sins and won the victory. Oh, victory in Jesus my savior forever. He sought me and he bought me with his redeeing blood. He loved me air. I knew him and all my love is due to him. He plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing flood. I heard about his healing of his cleansing power revealing how he made the lame to walk again. And it caused the blind to see. And then I cried, "Dear Jesus, come and heal my broken spirit." And somehow Jesus came and brought to me the victory. Oh, victory in Jesus my savior forever. He sought me and he bought me with his redeeming blood. He loved me air. I knew him and all my love is due him. He plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing flood. I heard about a mansion he has built for me in glory. And I heard about the streets of gold beyond the crystal sea about the angels singing and the old redemption story. And some sweet day I'll sing up there the song of victory. [Applause] Oh, victory in Jesus my savior forever. He sought me and he bought me with his redeeming blood. He loved me air. I knew him and all my love is to him. He plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing flood. I heard about a manion he has built for me in glory. And I heard about the streets of gold beyond that crystal sea. about the angels singing and the old redemption story. And some sweet day I'll sing up there the song of victory. Oh victory in Jesus my savior forever. He sought me and he bought me with his redeeming blood. He loved me air. I knew him and all my love is to him. He plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing flood. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. It's a great victory. Amen. He took care of something I couldn't take care of. You ask me why I'm happy, so I guess I'll just tell you why. Amen. You ask me why I'm happy, so I'll just tell you why. Because my sins are gone. And when I meet the scoffers who ask me where they are, I say my sins are gone. They're underneath the blood. On the cross of Calvary, as far removed from darkness as from dawn in the sea of God's forgetfulness, that's good enough for me. Praise God, my sins are gone. has had an old time altar where God came in my heart and now my sins are gone. The Lord took full possession. The devil did depart. I'm glad my sins are gone. There underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary as far removed as darkness is from dawn in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. When Satan comes to tempt me and tries to make me doubt, I say my sins are gone. You got me into trouble, but Jesus got me out. I'm glad my sins are gone. There underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary. As far removed as darkness is from dawn in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. I'm living now for Jesus. I'm happy night and day because my sins are gone. My soul is filled with music. With all my heart I say, I know my sins are gone. Praise the Lord. There underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary. As far removed as darkness is from dawn in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. There underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary. As far removed as darkness is from dawn in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. It's wonderful. It's a big burden taken away. Amen. It's like paying off your mortgage, but better. I mean, all the debt is gone. It's gone. Amen. And we have an advocate. We're a beneficiary. I like that. beneficiary of his goodness is love. Amenise I'm a child of the king this morning. Amen. Amen. Once I was clothed in the cake of my sin, wretched and poor, lost, lonely within, but with wondrous compassion, the King of all kings in pity and love, took me under his wings. kings. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the king. His royal blood now flows through my veins and I who was wretched and vile now can sing. Praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of the king. Now I'm a child with a heavenly up above my whole father has made me his own and I'm washed by his blood and I'm clothed in his love and someday I'll sing with the angels above. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the king. His royal blood now flows through my veins. And I who was wretched and vow now can sing. Praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of the king. Amen. Amen. Are you happy for that this morning? Amen. Amen. As we take up our prayer requests this morning, we just want to remember those that are uncared for. Amen. Just want to remember uh Sister Linda Helms that the Lord will just watch over her heart, just bless her. Amen. Touch sister Cheryl for her cold cough that God will just bless her. to remember those that are in danger in Israel, other places around the world that are having troubles. There's a lot of places having troubles. But we have a God. We have a God that can take care of troubles. Amen. Amen. So, I want to remember the missionaries, the unspoken requests this morning. I know we each have a desire. We have a need. Let's all stand together. Let's just join our voices. Amen. God Pray father Lord Jesus. labor. Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. You may be seated. Praise the Lord. Amen. Such love. Aren't you glad for that? Amen. It's without conditions. I like that part. He loved me. I mean, that's what the Bible says. The Bible says, "And we didn't even know him, didn't care about him, he still loved you." Amen. That God should love a sinner such as I should yearn to change my sorrow into bliss, nor rest till he had planned to bring me none. How wonderful is love like this. Such love, such wondrous love, such love, such wondrous love that God should love a sinner such as I. How wonderful is love like this that Christ should join so freely in the scheme. Although it meant his death on Calvary that ever human tongue shine for left divine that ransom me. Such love. Such wondrous love. Such love. Such wondous love that God should love a sinner such as I. How wonderful is love like this. That for a willful outcast such as I, the father plan, the savior bled and died. redemption for a worthless slave to buy who long had law and grace defied. Such love, such wondrous love, such love, such wondrous love that God should love a sinner such as I. How wonderful is love like this. And now he takes me to his heart a son. He may me not to fill a servant's place the far off country. One rings all are done. Wide open are his arms of grace. Such love. Such wondrous love. Such love. Such wondrous love that God should love a sinner such as I. How wonderful is love like this. Such love. Such wondrous love. Such love. Such wondrous love that God should love a sinner such as I. How wonderful is love like this. Amen. Amen. Let's all stand together. Amen. Going to ask brother Roger if he'll just pray over the offering. Amen. may be seated. Amen. I'll meet you in the morning. Amen. I'll meet you in the morning. got the wrong wrong song. I'll meet you in the morning by the bright river side when open has faded away. I'll be standing at the portal when the gates open wide. At the close of long deer day, I'll meet you in the morning [Music] with a how do you do? And we'll sit down by the river. [Applause] And with old and maintenance renew, you'll know me in the morning by the smile that I wear when I meet you in the morning in that city that's Built for square. I will meet you in the morning in the sweet by and by and exchange the old cross for a crown. There will be no disappointments and nobody shall die. In that land, hair the sun goeth down. I'll meet you in the morning with a how do you do? And we'll sit down by the river. And with rapture, old acquaintance renew. You'll know me in the morning by the smile that I wear. When I meet you in the morning in that city that's built for square. I will meet you in the morning at the end of the way on the streets of that city of gold where we all can be together and be happy always. While the years and the ages shall roar, I'll meet you in the morning with a how do you do? And we'll sit down by the river and with rapture old acquaintance renew. You'll know me in the morning by the smile that I wear when I meet you in the morning in that city that's built for square. Amen. Amen. Everybody ought to know. Amen. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know who Jesus is. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know who Jesus is. Here the lily of the valley. Praise the bright and morning star. Is the fairest of 10,000. Everybody ought to know. Let's all stand. Everybody ought to tell. Everybody ought to tell. Everybody ought to tell who Jesus is. Everybody ought to tell. Everybody ought to tell. Everybody ought to tell who Jesus is. is he's the healer of my body. He's the savior of my soul. is the Holy Ghost baptizer. Everybody [Applause] ought to tell. All the children ought to know. All the children ought to know. All the children ought to know who Jesus did. All the children ought to know. All the children ought to know. All the children ought to know what Jesus Jesus gave his life on Calary. Saw blood and died for all. [Music] that we might live forever. [Music] All the children ought to know. All the children ought to know. All the children ought to know. All the children ought to know. what Jesus did. All the children ought to know. All the children ought to know. All the children ought to know who Jesus. Amen. What Jesus did. Amen. Amen. I want to say this. Whose responsibility is that? Amen. Amen. It's the parents responsibility to let our children know what Jesus has done. Amen. And if we don't tell them, how are they going to know? Amen. I'm so glad that God gave that responsibility to the heads of the home. Amen. And I'll say it's a privilege to bring up your children in the way they should go. Amen. And I believe all of our effort should be put into that because that'll make you rich. That'll get you famous with God. Amen. Find favor with God. The Bible says and with man also. That's what the Bible says. So, what a what a privilege it is to know that we serve a God that he wants to we wants passed on to every generation. And uh we just can't fully depend on the ministry for that, right? The parents have to do that in the home. So I just love that song. Appreciate it, brother Bruce. And the the worship service, those that have come out. We know that some are on vacation and but it's just good. He said he'd be here with just two are gathered in his I believe his presence is here. I feel I just what a privilege to worship the Lord from our heart and and to to have that inside that desire to worship the Lord. Amen. I'll say um I I wish that brother Alex was here more often. Uh we really love him. We love the ministry and he's just such a a blessing to all of us. And as the the word is is coming forth, let's just get behind it and and and and be um be here in as if this was the last service you were going to be in. It could be and that you're depending on the word that's coming forth to take you through. That's how our hunger and our expectation needs to be. So let's just get behind him and sing only believe as our brother comes. Amen. Only believe, only believe. All things. [Music] Only believe. Only believe. All things are How many believers we got? Let's make it personal. Say, "Lord, I believe." Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Oh Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. [Music] Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. Amen. As we're gathered together singing about that believing, let's just bow our heads and look to the one that we believe in today, invite you to pray with me. Heavenly Father, Lord, we're so thankful today to be gathered together in the congregation of the righteous. Lord, knowing that you have set aside a purpose for us that we would gather together in fellowship around this name. And Lord, we have responded to the call and we've come together today in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, knowing as our brother said that you promised to be in our midst if even two or three of us would gather together in that name. Lord, we just invite, we thank you now that you've come. We ask you to come and bless the reading of your word, the ministering thereof. Lord, I am I'm keenly aware this morning as I stand here that I as a man that none of us can do anything for one another within ourselves that has eternal merit. But we are trusting in you, the one the source of all life that you would come and work in us and that we, as the Apostle Paul said, would be fellow laborers together with you in this purpose. Lord, I pray you'd remember us for good today and bless us. Cause your countenance to shine upon us. Lord, we ask for your blessing on the reading of the word, the ministering there of that would help these your dear children. And in all that said and done, may you receive unto yourself great glory and honor and praise. For that is why we've come together. That's why we have this time today that we move and live and have our being. Our very breath is from you and we acknowledge you and we love you and we thank you now in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. It's good to be with you today, man. I sure like that song too. You know, brother Bam talks about that that guy, you know, he throws the log in the river. He's riding on. I just want to ride on that for a second. I sure appreciate what the Lord does. You know, I think of Abraham. You know, the scripture tells us when when God is going to he's sending the two angels down to Sodom and Gomorrah to destroy them. God asked the question to Abraham, "Shall I hide from Abraham the thing that I'm going to do, seeing I'm going to make of him a great nation and uh and all the nations of the earth shall be blessed in him?" He says, "For I know him that he will command his children and his household after him that they should keep the way of the Lord." Amen. So, I think about that God God attributes that he would he would call Abraham and do these things because he knew Abraham would command his children. And I I so appreciate that. There's so many people they they want the teacher, the Sunday school teacher, the pastor. But that's that's our it's not to me just a responsibility. It's a privilege. Amen. to get to tell my children among other people about the Lord Jesus Christ. And uh I'm I I never want to take it for granted. That means so much to me. My oldest here, he just turned 17 the other day. So uh that was my first opportunity to tell my children about the Lord by virtue of the chronological order of it. So but we're happy to be with you today. Greet you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. If you have your Bibles, I invite you to turn with us into this scripture here. We're going to go two different places. will be in 1 Corinthians the 2 chapter. And uh it's out of this desire actually of parenthood. I was looking at this recently because there's different things that are taught and and stuff. And you know, I got to thinking about what how's a young person look at things and stuff. And when we talk about the message of the hour, what is it to us and why is it important? It's it's not just a different kind of doctrine than the next church down the street. Amen. We It's not that we're trying to be something or be better than that. We just we recognize that God has shown us something that not everybody sees. And so my title for this morning is why the message of the hour. Amen. Brother Brandon preached about why shepherds, why Bethlehem, but why the message of the hour? Why is it important to us? And so let's we'll read here in 1 Corinthians the 2 chapter. We'll read these first seven verses. And then I'll have you turn to Revelation the 10th chapter, 7th verse. A very familiar portion of scripture to us believers as well. 1 Corinthians the 2 chapter. In the first verse, Paul, he's come to the Corinthian church. She says, "And I, brethren, when I came to you, came not with excellency of speech or of wisdom, declaring unto you the testimony of God. For I determined not to know anything among you, save Jesus Christ and him crucified." Now, that's a good place to be. Amen. We're not here to preach ourselves or something else. We're preaching Christ and him crucified. But there is something beyond this as we'll see here in a second. And I was with you in weakness and in fear and in much trembling. Brother Bram said he wasn't afraid of the circumstances around him. He was afraid that men would make more of him than he was. Amen. He wanted to please God. That was what he was in trembling for. He said, "My speech and my preaching was not with enticing words of man's wisdom, but in demonstration of the spirit and of power, that your faith should not stand in the wisdom of men, but in the power of God." So, we don't want to base this on the wisdom of men, but on the power of God. But notice six verse. How be we speak wisdom among them that are perfect or mature. Tellios yet not the wisdom of this world, nor of the princes of this world that come to not. Now, James makes the same point. There's two kinds of wisdom. Amen. So, we're not basing this on man's wisdom. There's a different kind of wisdom. It's the wisdom of God. And how does it come to us? Verse 7. But we speak the wisdom of God in a mystery, even the hidden wisdom which God ordained before the world unto our glory. Now think about that. That's quite astounding because our glory is the revelation of his glory in us. Amen. So it's not our own personal glory, but all men have sinned and come short of the glory of God. So this is to restore us to the image of sunship. Amen. Because we were made in his likeness. If you turn with me to Revelation the 10th chapter. Amen. So the wisdom God, the hidden wisdom, it's in a mystery. Amen. Revelation 10:7. But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished as he hath declared to his servants the prophets. Amen. So we need a prophet. Amen. That's the only way God speaks. God. Surely the Lord our God will do nothing except he first speaks through his servants, the prophets. Amen. May the Lord bless the read his word. You may be seated this morning. And so, like I said, I want to just take some time and talk about this. Why the message of the hour? Why it's important. Amen. Because we could talk about different things that distinguish us from different groups. groups and if we were just trying to an analyze it from a u you know um like a a statistical thing or whatever there's there's other people that baptize in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ we appreciate that but that in of itself is not what we're talking about what what makes the message different and why is it important to us so um what I want to really look at is uh where brother been preached different things out of the seven seals and specifically the seventh seal man I'm getting ready to go deep I hope that's all right put on your diving horn amen but um but I I'll say this, uh, Brother Brandon, when he's preaching the seals himself, he makes the point. He's just hitting the highlights. He said, "We could take three months each to cover each seal." Now, I don't have 21 months up here this morning to work with. Amen. So, I'm just hitting highlights. So, if I don't read your favorite quote, you know, there's 30 different quotes for the same thing. I'll just hit a couple. Amen. But, but if you if you want to look at it, if you have a question or whatever, of course, your pastor can answer that and stuff, too. But I I have so many notes. I just want to move on. But I wanted to I want to take time to really read a bunch of quotes and stuff today because the reason I'm doing this and why the message is important to us is there's all kinds of thoughts about what this means and what that means and men will take a certain doctrine. They'll build a church around that and it'll be based on some sort of an error. And what happens at the end of the day is the premise is wrong and they'll go a certain way with it and it falls into error. And so if I just read you what a prophet said and I just tell you what the scripture says, then you can let the spirit in you make the conclusion. I don't have to interpret it for you. God interprets his own word. And I I find that uh and brother Bam talks about this when he preaches the seven seals. He starts out with God hidden in simplicity. Amen. The actual revelation of what God has done and what it means. It's simple, but we have made it complicated. We have interpreted it and it's it's so simple. Amen. And and I'll come back to this later. But brother makes that point. It's so humble. That's why people miss it. They're looking for something out here and it's right there. Amen. So So when I'm reading this, that's why I'm doing this. I I want to take my time and I want you to to know that it's not I'm not trying to present my interpretation. Amen. Because one of the reasons I'm gonna take this off now. It's It's the hottest day of the year. Whoa. I got hung up on this. Thank you so much. Oh wow, man. I can't even preach. That's so cool. I'm just so distracted. There's a hook and it swings out. Man, that is great. Oh, man. That totally derailed me actually. Thanks. No. Uh, I'll say this. Uh, praise the Lord. Amen. Um, and this is a general rule. Uh, when error error comes into the church, mistakes, misinterpretations, error comes in the church, it it typically ends because we know that God's not the author of confusion. Amen. So when error comes into the church, typically the end result, error tends to controlling people. Amen. It's Satan through men wanting to control people. That's why God's against denomination. That's why he's against all this stuff. God's not trying to centralize power on a certain man. He has it. And so he's trying to put it in a body, not a s. It's not my ministry or or you. It's God trying to move in his people. Amen. So error tends to uh it ends up being a control thing over the people. So, I'll give you an example with this. Amen. So, we're talking about the seventh seal. There are people that have taught there's churches today even that teach that that that Brother Ben preaches the opening of the seals. The seals are open. Amen. Well, if the seals are open, Christ, we understand by the message and the scripture. Christ has to come off the mercy seat to take the book and to open the seals. So, they'll take this thought and that's now that is true. Amen. But they misinterpret the the timing of it, if I can say that way. So there's people that'll preach because he's come off the mercy seat and the seals are open. Therefore, there's no more blood on the mercy seat. And so now it's a judgment seat. Well, then the question becomes, if it's not a mercy seat and it's a judgment seat, how then can we be saved? It's the same question they asked on the day of Pentecost. But the way they got saved, there's not the same today. Amen. Because there's no mercy there and and this now salvation is different. So you ask the question, how can you be saved? Typically, the answer becomes something like, "Well, it's by a certain revelation hour or a certain doctrine and conveniently the man preaching it happens to have it." Amen. Conveniently, he's got the answer you need. So, if you'll go to him, if you'll sit under his ministry and you'll go to his church with his special interpretation of what brother preached. Amen. Then you can be saved. Amen. Of course, his own revelation of it might change from time to time. So, you got to keep up. You got to keep up. So then the question, well, was he even saved before he got the furthest and he creates and now we laugh, but it's true. There's people that live in fear. They never know where they're at because they're they're they're bound by it. It becomes a control thing. Amen. You have to come to this man. But there's only one mediator between God and men. It's Amen. It's the man Christ Jesus. It's not a pope or potent. Brother Bren didn't come to be our mediator. He came to reveal the mediator so you knew where he was at. So there is mercy. And I'll come back to this in a minute. Amen. Because like I said, there's so much to unpack here. But that that becomes the control aspect. Well, if you don't believe what this guy says, which could change at any time without warning, then how can you be saved? Now, we understand that the scripture testifies we could go through things about the blood of Jesus Christ and how without the remission, without the shedding of blood, there is no remission of sin. And besides that, all the things that brother said after he preached the seals about the blood of Jesus Christ, we could go on and on about it. Amen. There's not a third covenant or some alternative mean you're saved. Listen, you're not just saved by the blood of Jesus Christ. You're kept saved by the blood of Jesus Christ. Amen. That's the power of it. That that's your security. You're kept saved by it. Revelation, a man's ideas can change. But the blood of Jesus remains the same. And the church is the blood of Jesus Christ by the spirit. That's why the spirit leads and guides you into all truth. Amen. So the whole thing is based actually on a false premise that I'll come back to in just a few moments. Amen. But where this confusion comes is is is the way they try to interpret salvation. Amen. Now there's people that preach the opposite. I've dealt with this before, too. There's people, well, it's all sealed up or it's partly sealed or there's something to be revealed. Well, then by necessity, there must be somebody to reveal it. Amen. And since Brother Brham's gone, he's either got to come back and preach it or I happen to have it's gonna come and it becomes that I'm the guy. God's going to use me to preach this. And it's what happens then? It's the exact same thing. Now, you need this guy who's got this carrot on the stick. Amen. And and he's going to preach this to you and and he's going to he's going to preach and if you get under his revelation of it. Amen. I had a brother send me something here a while back about a certain brother he was preaching. I'm not going to get into this because I don't like to, you know, gossip, but I'll just This brother was ministering and he was talking about where brother preaches the rapture. Brother Bam preaches the rapture in 1965 and there's a quote paragraph 141 if you go back there brother Bam says he's talking about the when God descends 1 Thessalonians the 4th chapter there's a shout a voice of the trump what is the shout and in paragraph 141 brother said it's a message to gather the people together now this brother he makes this point he said see brother said it's a message not the message it could be any other message there's another message to come and I'm thinking it's amazing how you just didn't listen or read the whole rest of the sermon. Amen. You had an idea in your head and you looked for God to vindicate that you didn't sit down and listen to it or take the whole thing in. Because if you go back to uh paragraph uh 130 or 164, brother Ram says, "What is the shout?" It's the message. And in case you wonder what the message was, he tells you it's according to Malachi the 4th chapter. Well, there's only one Malachi the 4th chapter prophet that I know of. He didn't say, "I'm going to send you two Elijah's or three Elijah's or Moses and Elijah." That's to the Jews. I'm going to send you Elijah. So if Malachi 4, Luke 17:30, brother said it's fulfilled, that message, that shout, it's fulfilled in that. If that's the case, then then we don't need some other man to come do it. That was the purpose of the messenger. Brother said the message is on the earth at this time. So that shout has come to us. So it's not another message. It's this message. That's why it's important to us. Amen. Now, why do where's the confusion come in? Well, this is where the confusion comes in. I had a man years ago come to me about this. He was telling me how the seals weren't opened. He goes to Feast of the Trumpets 1964 and he says, "Brother Bam said those seals aren't opened yet." And I said, "I believe that quote. That was true in 1945." He's like, "What are you talking about? Preach it in ' 64." If you read what Brother's talking about, he's talking about when the the 2,000,000 demons come out of Euphrates, the Second World War, the persecution of the Jews, the souls under the altar. says what he's talking about. He says now that hasn't that hasn't happened yet. So in the time that he's talking about in the quote, it hadn't happened yet. That was for 18 years later, which is where he was at 19 years later preaching it. Amen. So brother Bam, but he makes this point. He said, "Now the seals aren't open yet." He said, "But John saw it in a preview." So I want you to understand the point that he's making. Amen. John saw everything that we've seen in the spirit on the Lord's day. Amen. The Bible says he was in the spirit on the Lord's day. So even though he's on the aisle of Patmos in a preview, he sees everything that we see in this hour. Amen. So I can say it this way. He travels through time by the spirit to the Lord's day and sees these things. Amen. So brother Bam, I'll give you some quotes here. Brother Bam says this in the first seal. He said that see he said it isn't God as we would think just going to go hunt out a few thousand people this age and take them. It's the very elected out of every age. That's the reason Christ had to stand in the mediatorial seat back there as an intercessor until the last one comes in at the last age. So that we're still there and these revelations then of what it has been breaks forth upon the people and they see what's happened. So one of the reasons for the opening the seals was to show what each of the churches what all that stuff was about. Amen. He sent his angel the scripture says to testify of these things to the church. Amen. Now, he already sent his spirit back on the day of Pentecost. But there's a part of him, the scripture says that the heavens must retain him until the restoration of all things. Now, that's the physical attribute. Amen. There is a man in Christ Jesus. He he does have a body. He sits in mediation. He's mediating. Now, he mediates till the last soul comes in. He doesn't mediate till the last soul comes in of part one and then do something different. Amen. That that was the promise. Amen. If there was an apostolic age, that was the Holy Ghost back on the day of Pentecost. But if he's still calling, it's still the same today. It's the same promise, the same baptism, the same faith, the same Lord, the same gospel. Amen. So, Brother Bam explains this in the fifth seal. He says, "These seals here are revealing." Now, there's three things. Watch this. These seals here are revealing what has been, what is, and what will be. Amen. So, see, it's there's there's different time elements to the different things. He says, "What it is to be for the churches was revealed by these seals." And now watch what it takes. Amen. I'll give you another example here. He talks about the revelations containing the seals. When he gets to the fourth seal, the pale horse rider says, "Watch." Rides a pale horse as he appears on his ride. This last ride he's on his last now. He says, "Now that is not our day. This will be undone. It's the seal foretold. See the church is dawn done gone up when this happens." So when he's preaching about the pale horse because I've heard people like this has already taken place and this and that. Brother Ram explains in the fourth seal, this is after the rapture of the church. Amen. When these powers combine, it becomes a one world church. 10 kings give their power into the the false prophet and the be that's all things to come. Amen. We're gone for that. He explains that there. So you're this is my point. You're seeing things in the fourth seal that have yet to take place. Things that were the church ages, things that are now where we're at the end of it, and things that are to be. All three of those are contained in the seals. Amen. So, I I'm saying this because again, I don't want you to think I'm trying to interpret it. Amen. But I'm giving you the prophet's own words. Now, let me let me just say this real quick. God hides certain things and reveals it later. We know that. Amen. Brother Ram says this in the first seal. He said, "Remember, a loud clapping noise of a thunder is the voice of God." So, what's the thunders? Well, it's this thing that he tells you what it is. It's the voice of God. Amen. That's what they dealt with in John chapter 12. Some people heard an angel. Some people heard thunder, but Jesus said, "The voice came and it didn't come for my sake. It came for your sake." So the message, the seals, all this stuff, it came for us. It's for you. It's not against you. People think the message is against him. Well, the message is for me. It's for you if you'll receive it. Amen. It's not meant to destroy you. It's not meant to confuse you. It's meant to to help you. Amen. Now, he says this. He said, "They thought it was a thunder, but it was the it was God. He understood it for it was revealed to him. See, it was a thunder. Now notice the first seal opened. The first seal when it opened in the symbol form, it thundered. Now what about its opening in its reality form? So this is it. Amen. There's actually two openings. Now that sounds confusing, but I just read it. There's an opening in the symbol form and there's an opening in reality. So if I could say it this way, there's a there's an opening of it by revelation, the revelation of what's in it, and then there's the actual occurring of the things in it taking place. Amen. And because there's two, there's a prophetic opening, a foresight of it. And because there's actually things to be, that's where people get confused. They've put it all either over here that it all needs to happen still or they put it all over there that they're they're they're waiting uh that it's already happened and they've got whatever what I talked about earlier. Amen. So, the confusion is the inability to distinguish what he's talking about here. John sees it, but it didn't happen when he saw it. In fact, he was told to seal it up. So, the thing that was sealed up is now revealed to us. Testament is open in its symbol form. It thunders. God speaks and tells you what it's about. So he says this, it thundered as soon as as the lamb struck back the seal. And what did it reveal? Not all of itself. He says first it was with God. Next it's in a symbol and then it's revealed three things. It's coming forth from the throne. First it can't be seen, heard, or nothing. It's sealed up. The lamb's blood paid the price. It thundered when he spoke out. And when he did, a white horse rider started out. He says, "And it was still a symbol." So they see the symbol, but they don't know what it's about. Amen. He says, "Now watch." He said, "It would be known in the last day." Praise the Lord. But it comes forth in a church symbol. Do you understand it, church? It comes forth in the symbol of a church. They know there what is a seal, but what it was yet, they didn't know because it was a white horse rider. And it's only to be revealed at the last day when this actual seal is broken. Now, watch what he says. Broken to who? Not to Christ, but to the church. Amen. So, it's not the same as him coming and taking the book of redemption and opening it up at the end of the church age. Amen. There's an opening of it to the church by revelation first. Amen. When the symbols interpreted. Now, this begs a really good question. Why does God send it as a symbol form and then later reveal the meaning of it? Amen. Now, we could sit here and delve into this for a while, but the there's one big reason, and I'm this going to kind of be part of the theme of this whole sermon. One of the big reasons God does it that way is to prevent impersonations. Amen. If the Bible tells us in the fifth church in Revelation the 3rd chapter that unto the angel of the church of Sardis, if it said unto Martin Luther, Amen. Then probably every child, every male child that was born in the 1500s or 1400s, they would have named him Martin Luther because everybody that wants their child to be the one. Amen. If if if g if if if Isaiah had said a virgin shall conceive, by the way, her name's Mary, she's going to conceive and bring forth a child. Probably every girl in Palestine in Israel in that day would have been named Mary. They all would have stayed unmarried because they all wanted to be virgins so they could all have the Messiah. Amen. It produces impersonations. Well, I'm going to be that one. I'm going to be Mary. I'm going to be this one. So God in order to prevent impersonations, he declares what it is, but he doesn't show the details till later to prevent man from trying to interpret it because man's always trying to interpret it himself. And that's where we always get that's for each of us today when we take this Bible and try and interpret it the way we want it to be and make it say what we want. Amen. That's where we always get in trouble. Don't try to make the go the word of God fit your interpretation. allow it to change your uh your mind and your will and your interpretation. You align with it. Don't try to make it align with you. Amen. Cuz this is what men always try to do. And they do it because they want to be something. They want to get something. I'm that guy. It's the same thing we talked about at the beginning. So God is not wanting impersonations. So he he brings the interpretation of things that come to pass afterwards and makes it known to the church. So now you know it was foretold but yet it was hidden from a certain group the wise and the prudent. But he does reveal it to certain people. The hidden wisdom to the mature to his own people. Amen. Now before I get into this I'm going to tell myself for just a minute because I was once a young man and now I'm not as young a man. Amen. But uh talking about interpretations and things being hidden. I remember my when my wife and I got married, our anniversary is coming up. I'm glad I brought this up so I don't forget cuz uh you know I well through much tribulation we enter the kingdom. Amen. I don't need to put myself through any more trouble than I'm already in. No, my wife's a sweetheart. But uh she she would actually already got her anniversary gifts. Yeah. If I do it ahead of time, I don't have to worry about it. But I remember when I first got married and I had just been saved actually I'd only been saved a little under a year. I hadn't been saved very long. And so I hadn't been a Christian really that long. I remember I gave my life to the Lord. I remember when I got the Holy Ghost and I remember I was digging. Amen. And hopefully hopefully somebody in here can identify with my experience a little bit. When I was a young Christian, I first got my my candle lit, man, I was digging. I I I couldn't read enough. I couldn't pray enough. I'm just into everything I can get a hold of. Amen. I I read through the Bible in about three months and I've been praying. I went through the tapes. I started out kind of bouncing around a little bit because I didn't know no better. And so, uh, I I you know, I read the church a book. I went through all this stuff. And I remember it was a hot summer day about like this that I got the seven the the the seven seals book and I'm like I'm going to get into this finally. I'm going to apparently nobody's read this because they're not all doing what I think they should be doing. Amen. Cuz I'm going to read these seals and I'm thinking to myself when I get this revelation I'm going to call fire out of heaven and shoot lightning bolts out of my finger and I'm going to be raising the dead and do you know I mean this is the greatest thing. And so I remember I listened to God hidden simplicity the breach. I listen to the first six seals, listen to questions and answers and and just the revelations. God uh brother takes most of the message, the revelations and just opens it in these seals and it's amazing. If you haven't listened to it in a while, go back. But I get to the seventh seal and you know nowadays we got your tablets. It'll it'll play the text as you read, which is really convenient. But back in my day, back in my day, Amen. I had to listen to it on a little iPod or CD player and I get the book out and read with it and I thought, man, that's double the revelation, twice the anointing. Amen. I'm reading through the book and I'm listening to it. I get to the seventh seal. Amen. And so I'm amped up. I'm ready to just just be raised up in this supernatural anointing. I'm going to do this and all these other things. So I get there and I I'd heard people talk about the seals, but I'm wanting to dig it into myself. I get to the seventh seal and I'm pumped. Now I don't know and I'm not going to ask for a show of hands what it was like for you the first time you listened to it. Hopefully you've listened to it or read it. Amen. But I remember the first time I listened to it. I sit down there and uh if you if you know the history of it, brother Benry, he records the seventh seal on March the 24th, 1963. It's a Sunday. He gets done with it and as you'll see why later, he comes back the next day, Monday, and he gets uh Fred South, I can't remember who the other tape guy was at the time. He had different tape guys, but he gets together the next day. They go to the motel and he cuts it at a certain place. Now, I would say this way, he seals it back up because it wasn't the time for it yet. Amen. He wasn't supposed to speak about it. Amen. So he he re-records a different ending. And then after brother Bam passes away at the end of 1965, then the the tape commission, they they vote unanimously to reveal it. So you've got two different endings to the seventh seal. Amen. The original recorded version where he speaks and then he records a different version the next day. So this is why I'm saying all this, brother Bam. In the seventh seal, he does like he does the other seals. He touches on some other subjects at first. He talks about the previous seals. He talks about denomination, the redemption of the Jews, all these different things that we're familiar with. He talks about the half hour of silence. And brother Bam says this in the seventh seal. He said, "Now, as certain as I stand in the platform tonight, I had the revelation that's revealed." He says, "It's in a three-fold manner." Now, we'll come back to that again a little bit. It's in a three-fold manner that I will speak to you by God's help of a fold of it. He said, let's go over that here. Here is the revelation to begin what I want to tell you. What happens is that he says those seven thunders that he heard thunder and was forbidden to write, that's what the mystery is laying behind those seven consecutive thunders rolling out. Now why? That's the question today. Why? Let us prove it. Why? It's a secret that nobody knows about. John was forbidden to write about it even in a symbol about it. Why? Why was there no activity in heaven? It might give away the secret. So, the reason God kept it shut up till the end is there's a secret that goes with the mystery. Amen. Again, he says in the seven, it was a relaxing time. Praise God for a relaxing time. Amen. I've been wound up before. I like relaxing better than being wound up. Amen. If you're wound up today, listen, this is a relaxing time. Amen. This is a time where we can rest because of what he's done. We're like Ruth. We're resting on what he's done. Amen. He said it was a relaxing time. It was so great. It was kept secret from the angels. Now why why is he keep it a secret? If Satan should get a hold of it, he might do great damage. Talking about impersonations. There is one thing he don't know. Now brother Ram comes down to paragraph 260. And this is about this is the last paragraph till eclipse. Amen. I'm saying this to give you an idea where I'm at with this. Brother Bam says in paragraph 260, but this is one thing he cannot Satan he cannot impersonate. There'll be no mimics to this. See, cuz he don't know it. There's no way for him to know it. It's the third pull. Now, I'll come to this a minute, but it's amazing me he didn't clip this off at this point. Amen. He said it's the third pull. He just knows nothing about. See, he don't understand it. Now, like I said, I'm fascinated by this. Amen. Because brother cuts the tape there. And this is the reason why. Amen. He's gone through all these different things I talked about. Amen. He's been quite deliberate in what he's saying here. And he talks about Junior Jackson's dream, the constellation angel, all these things. I don't want to get into it too much tonight uh this morning just because it would take forever. Amen. But he goes into all these different things and he does it on both recordings. Amen. There's a lot of things he goes into on both recordings. But there's one thing in the original that he speaks about at great length and he completely omits it. Amen. He omits it when he re-records it and it's not revealed till later. And it's this very thing here. You go back and listen to the original. The big thing that brother Bam talks about over and over and over again that's not recorded in the new recording. Amen. Is he talks about the third pole of his ministry. Amen. He doesn't want Satan impersonating it but Satan can't impersonate. Amen. Paragraph 261. Brother Ram says there's a secret lays beneath that. Glory to God in the highest. I can never think the same the rest of my life when I seen it. This is why the Bible's a new book. It's not new words. Amen. It's not somebody rewrote it. When you see what it's talking about, you see it in every That's why you see Christ in every scripture. There's something he saw that changed the way he looked at everything for the rest of his life. And this is why it's amazing to me. Amen. Cuz brother is explaining this. You get to this part, there's a secret beneath it. Amen. I'm stoked. I'm like, this is it. This is, you know, it's like, it's like a pyramid plan or something. I'm like, this is the juicy little thing. It's going to change everything. I'm going to So, like there's a secret beneath it. And brother Brennham, when you listen to the original recording, he starts talking about himself. Well, this is the third pull. He said, "I was in Sabino Canyon the other day. This that he talked about the third pull, the third pull, the third pull of his ministry, and I get done." And I thought, "Well, maybe that's why he recorded a new version. He didn't actually get to it. He needed to put it in there." So, I go listen to the other version. It's got less details than that. So, this is why I'm saying I'm a young man. I'm looking for a certain thing. I'm looking to feel something, see something. I'm going to get charged up. I'm going to be, you know, leaping over walls and stuff. And I'll be honest. Amen. I got done. I listen. He's talking about the third pull. Amen. And I was disappointed. I'm like, well, where's the secret? So, I go back and listen to it again. I It was hot like this. I'm out mowing listening to it. I'm like, where's the secret? All he's doing is talking about himself. All he's doing is talking about his own ministry. That was the secret. It was right there and I didn't even realize it. Amen. The third pull of his mystery. That is the secret because it's Christ. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. This is why brother B says, "I'm going to lose 10,000 of my friends when I preach this." He knew people would look at it and be like, "Well, he's making something of himself." No, he wasn't. Amen. It was the That was the revelation under it. Somebody had to fulfill Malachi 4. Somebody had to fulfill Luke 17:30. and they would be mad it wasn't them. But brother, and this is why when brother preaches the original seventh seal at the end, he makes this point over and over again. He said, "Well, the people cast it." They say, "Well, he's just trying to make himself this or that." But he says, "But God does it." That's why he goes on and says, "There's no great men among us. There's no great Christians. We're all in the same bracket." Why is brother Bram saying that? He's letting you know, listen, I'm no better than you. I was just the voice. I was the one. We're all in the same bracket. Don't look at this and think I'm trying to be something. Don't think if I do what he does, I can be something. We're all in the same bracket. It's the same God. We all needed a savior. We all were born in sin. It's not about one of us being better. One of us just happened to see it first cuz that's how God ordained it. So yeah, he talks in both. He talks about the constellation going out west, all this stuff. But the third pull is the thing he preaches originally. Amen. the third pole of his ministry as you as you'll catch here hopefully in a second if you haven't already. That is the secret that lay in that seventh seal. Amen. Now, there's other parts to it as I'll get to in a minute, but he says this in the seventh seal. He's talking about being in Sabino Canyon. He says, "I don't know if I was in a vision or a trance, but the sword falls in his hand." He describes how it looks and he hears a voice say, "That's the sword of the king." Brother Bam says, "The sword of the king." Now, if it said a sword, it's kind of funny. It's not a message. It's the message. If it said a sword of the king, but it said the sword of the king, the message. He said there's only one the king and that's God. And he is the one sword that's he's he has one sword. That's his word. What I've lived by. So help me. God standing over his holy over his holy desk here with this holy word lanyard. It's the word. Amen. What a day we're living in. What a great thing. He says, "See the mystery and secret." The third, he said, standing there when this left me, something just spoke and said, "Don't fear." Now, I didn't hear no voice. It was like on the inside he spoke. I just have to tell you the truth. Just exactly what happened. Something hit and said, "Don't fear." This is that third pull. Third pull. You remember he said, "You've had so many impersonation impersonators on that what you've tried to explain, but don't even try." In other words, don't try to explain this. Well, he did. That's why he had to go re-record it the next day. Amen. Because people were going to try and impersonate it. Amen. He said, "You remember, how many remembers that vision?" He talks about the vision of him trying to fish with the sholet. How many's familiar with that? Amen. He's trying to fish. This where God shows him the three poles of ministry. Where does brother Brandon get in trouble trying to explain it? Amen. When he had a sensation in the hand, all the other preachers, oh, I got something in my hand. He began to have discernment. They all had discernment. Amen. Everybody's always trying to be like somebody else. Well, that's just human pro. That's humanity in general. Amen. We're all trying to be like somebody else because we think the value is in being like that person. Listen, the value of this message is not trying to be like William Brandom. Amen. If you receive a prophet in the name of a prophet, you get his reward. It's the word. That's the important thing. Yeah, we don't have to all have the same discernment. You're not going to, brother said, it's once in a generation. Amen. You don't need to do that to be special. You're a son or daughter of God. That's already special. Amen. You're one in a million. Amen. Amen. You're not here for the prophet. The prophet came for you. You're the reason. Amen. You should be encouraged. Listen. Well, praise the Lord. I get in trouble myself. I talked about this last week somewhere. I'm glad I don't have William Brandon's ministry. Look what it cost him. Listen, I'm from the north. If you're from the north, you get it. Amen. Uh it's it's one thing when people just stop by unannounced. Imagine total strangers lying upside outside your house at 6:00 in the morning trying to get in there and they've got a word from the Lord. Let me be your manager or you're going to die. I got to eat. I got and there's just total strangers walking through your house. That's why sister me got so upset when she got mad at brother Brandon. People have been going in and out of the house. Total strangers all day long. Imagine living under that kind of pressure. Or you could just receive his message and get the same reward. So, I don't know. It sounds like a pretty good deal to me. I'll just believe it. Amen. Listen, brother Ram would go to meetings and there'd be people there shaking his hand. God bless you. We love you, brother. And he knows. He absolutely knows by discernment that guy hates his guts. And he's got to love him anyway. Listen, it's hard enough to love people when you don't know what they're thinking about you. Amen. There's Brother Bram in the back of the platform getting ready to come out and preach and the guy gets up. Uh, William Brandon couldn't make it here tonight. You imagine that? And what's amazing to me, Brother Brandham went back and preached for that guy later anyway. I probably would have been like, I don't know. I'm pretty busy. You cancel me last time I was in the back room. But, Brother Brandham, you think about that. Amen. It's astounding. But listen, you don't have to be William Brandham. You just have to believe the message God sent. You get the same portion of heaven. You get the same reward. Praise God. Amen. We don't need to impersonate it. Amen. The genuine's good enough. So, Brother talks about this. He's trying to fish that, put that eyelet through there because he's trying to get that rainbow trout. And in that original vision, he said, "This is that third pole. You're not going to tell anybody about it." He goes up in the tent vision. He looks down. Brother Ram's resting for just a moment. He looks down. The light leaves him. Amen. And goes in that little room. And the people going out, they get healed. Brother Ram says this in the seventh seal. It whirled away from me like that. Went over that tent. Said, "I'll meet you there." and said, "This will be the third pole and you won't tell it to nobody." And subino canyon this is the third pole. Amen. So we established the third pole is what he's talking about of his own ministry. Now he says this, there's three great things that goes with it. One unfolded today or yesterday. The other one unfolded today. And there's one thing I cannot interpret because it's in an unknown language. But I I stand here right now and looks right straight at it. And this is that third pull coming up. and the Holy Spirit of God. Oh my. That's the reason all heaven was silent. So notice he attached the third pole of his ministry and what God's doing to why there was silence in heaven. Amen. Ties in his own ministry. Now notice there's three things. One was yesterday, one day today, one forever. We'll come back to that in a second. But now I this is this is just me. I think the message bears this out, but you can take or leave it. The the unknown part, the unknown language part is the is the actual time of the coming of the Lord because no man knows the hour. Amen. But there's there's three parts to it. Brother B will explain this later. Amen. But the part that's today when he's preaching it is the third part of his ministry because Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And this is actually what it ties into. Now, Brother Bam comes around four months later. Am I doing all right? Praise God. I don't know how the rest of you feel, but he's okay with this. Brother Bam comes around four months later. He preaches the sermon Christ the mystery of God revealed. And this he's going to tell you now the me my sermon today why the message the hour he's going to tell you why that's why he preaches it. Amen. And I think it's incredible because brother Bam says if you ever fail come back to this tape Christ the mystery. Why? Because the essence of what he's doing it's all tied up. That's where he makes the statement that uh uh that uh we're the church is the blood of Jesus Christ by the spirit. Amen. That's where he makes the so many of these statements. Amen. So he says this at the beginning of the sermon. He said, 'Now just as be just be as patient as you can for I feel that in here. Probably getting impatient already like here he goes again. He said if God will help me will reveal and bring to your mind all these other things that I have talked on all the days all through the days of the tabernacle why I have said what I've said and why I have done what I've done. This is why. So brother Ram's actually tying this to everything that God's done in his ministry all the way through. He's going to tell you in the sermon why. And that's why we're here today. Why is it important? Amen. Yeah, I believe the message, but why is that important? Amen. So, he reads Colossians the first chapter verses 15 to 29, which ends, of course, with the scripture. It's Christ the mystery which had been hid. This is the mystery, but it's now revealed. It's Christ in you, the hope of glory. So, it's the hope of glory. It It's not just our glory, but it's actually his that he would be glorified in his church. what Paul talks about in 1 Corinthians that we read at the beginning. It's the glorification of Jesus Christ with the bride of Jesus Christ. That is the mystery that was hid and is now going to be revealed. So he reads this and brother Bam says, "Now God had a purpose and a hidden mystery." And that's what I want to speak on to the church this morning. The hidden mystery of God that he had in his mind before the world ever began and how it's unfolded itself right down to this present hour we're living in. Then you will understand clearly then well you should some people don't but you will understand clearly then you see on I believe of what is being done. He said God's great mystery of how he said it's a secret. There's that word again. Remember there's a mystery. There's a secret. We'll keep coming back to this. It's a secret. He kept it a secret. Nobody know nothing about it. Even the angels didn't understand it. See he didn't reveal it. That's the reason under our seventh mystery when the seventh seal was opened there was silence. Now I've already told you it's the third pole. We read that. All right. Amen. So that's the reason there was silence. Jesus when he was on earth they wanted to know when he would come. He said even the son himself don't know when it's going to happen. See God has this all to himself. It's a secret. That's the reason there was silence in heaven for the space of half an hour. Seven thunders uttered their voices and John was even forbidden to write it. see the coming of the Lord. Now, this seems disassociation at first, but watch how he explains it. It's one thing he hasn't revealed of how he will come and when he will come. It's a good thing he doesn't. Then he says, "No, but he has showed or revealed it in every type that's in the Bible." Therefore, the entire Bible is the revelation of God's mystery in Christ. The entire Bible is an expression of one goal that God had one purpose. He wanted to achieve in the entire Bible. I think it's incredible. Amen. Because you know in your life you have different goals. I want to start a business. I want to go to school. I want to do this. I want to get married. God had one goal the whole time. God who can do all things. He knows all things. He's hyperfocused. He's got one goal and he's expressing it through the entire Bible. He says here, "Amen. All the acts, he says, all the acts of the believers in the Bible has been in type and expressing what God's great goal is. And now in this last day, he has revealed it and shows it and God's help will see it right here this morning. What the Lord had in his mind all along and has expressed it. He says, "Therefore, you can see the great meaning of what it's been to know this and then try to bring it to the people." He says, "And if you don't," he said, "I haven't went into details trying to explain it as God has revealed it to me." Now, brother Ben makes this point all through this sermon that that Christ comes. He's got three different there's three uh there's three folds of the revelation. It's one revelation. But Christ comes the first time to to to give himself an offering to sanctify the people to to to to redeem to uh to redeem his church. Amen. He comes and does that. Amen. Then he comes the second time to receive his church by getting preeminences. Amen. He gets primitance. God gets primitance in his son Christ Jesus. the first fold. That's yesterday. But then he comes and gets primitance in a church. That's today. That's the hour we're living. He wants preeminence in a people. Amen. And then he's going to come back with them to restore Eden on the earth. Now, brother M says this in paragraph 3:15. What did Paul say? This ties back in the scripture we read at the beginning. What did Paul say? Because I got a ph LLD and so forth, I believe. No, he said, I forgot all those things. The wisdom of man said had to die and I know I'm in the power of his resurrection. That's what I come to with a demonstration of God's power. What was it? Making Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. The same works that Jesus did, Paul did the same. And they seen God, the great father that had been demonstrated in the burning bush had demonstrated it to Paul. And here it was being demonstrated. He's the same in every age. God's threefold manner yesterday, today, and forever. what redeemer in his church preeminences in the coming kingdom. Amen. He says, you see it just as perfect as can be. Are you with me then? Amen. So this is where he's it's the same Christ in a in a man Christ Jesus. Now the anointing in a church and then coming back to rule the earth. Amen. So this is why this is important. Whatever this seventh seal is, it ties into the coming of the Lord. There's a mystery of that. The part nobody knows it. But there's a secret with it as well. Now I brother, he talks about this all different places in the message that Christ comes three times. Amen. He comes the first time he came as son of man. That's yesterday. That's the first fold. He comes through the church ages. It's the spirit of God, the son of God. Amen. And then at the end, he's going to come back in the millennial kingdom. He's going to rule as the son of David, fulfilling the messianic prophecy according to the Jews. Amen. So he's son of son of man, which is what? A prophet. Now I'm gonna maybe I should wait on this a little bit. I'm gonna I'm gonna labor on this for a second. Amen. Son of man. Everybody read son of man. You read commentaries. I love it. You read commentaries. You read people's interpretations. And when Jesus calls himself the son of man, people say, "Well, see, he's he's showing that he's a kinsman redeemer. He's a man." All this stuff. They tie that into the son of man. But the book of Ezekiel tells us and brother picks it up. What does son of man mean? It means a prophet. That's what a son of man. Nobody else caught that. Amen. It was hidden. Yet, it was all through the scripture. You see this? It's actually in plain sight once you see it. Son of man is a prophet ministry. Amen. When he was on the earth, he was the prophet that was fulfilling the words of Moses that a prophet God will raise up a prophet likened unto me. So the ministry of son of man is a prophet. And then we've had seven church ages and we've had we've had different gifts and things. Amen. And then he comes at the end of the church age and he's going to come back after the tribulation and rule as the son of David. Amen. But there's a secret. And brother Ram, he doesn't preach this until after the opening of the seals. He preaches Christ's mystery and he begins to preach there is these three comingings. Amen. But there's a mystery. There's a secret nobody knew about. Amen. They all saw these things, but there was a secret and it wasn't revealed till brother Ram catches it. Amen. And brother Ram explains it. I'm going to read the quotes. Jesus Christ before he takes his church physically before the change of the body, he comes back and reveals himself once again as the son of man. That's the secret of his ministry of the third pole that was hidden. Amen. For him to come back, I'll get into this a few minutes. For him to come back, he must first reveal himself to the church. How is he going to do that? Through a man like you and I. Through a prophet from the Gentiles. Amen. He's going to come back and reveal the word because it has to be a prophet. See, this is the whole issue we talked about at the beginning with the seals. Amen. You need to know what's in all them seven seals for rapturing faith. But the problem is when they all are done taking place, it's already over. So there has to be a way for you to see what those are about. Well, it actually be there going through it. So I I joke with my son about the the solution is time travel. The solution is for you to get caught up and see it by revelation before it happens. Amen. So he there's only one way to do that. There must be a prophet that can foretell it to show it. So the secret is the son of man, the third pole, the opening of the word, the revelation of the son of man. Luke 17:30, Malachi 4, it's all the same thing. Amen. Brother says this 1964, proving his word. Now remember, he come in three names. The son of man, a prophet, the son of God, the spirit, the son of David for the millennium, but in between. See, nobody saw it. That's why Satan can't impersonate. He's got no idea. Yet, it's right there in the scripture. Luke 17:30 has been there for 2,000 years. Oh, that's been laying there the whole time, but nobody caught it because he never once said anything about it. Yet, it's there the whole time. He But in between this condition, now according to his own words, in the day when the son of man shall be revealed, reveal himself as what? Not son of God. Son of man will reveal himself in a different way. Now what does that make Malachi 4 exactly right? See the son of man will reveal himself not in a whole big denominations of things as we have through the ages but he would manifest himself as son of man again to make manifest Malachi 4. Hallelujah. Again he says 1965 I have heard but now I see. You look around today look at the condition we're in. Aren't we living in a modern Sodom Gomorrah? Hasn't the world come back? That was a gentile world because the Gentiles in the city that was destroyed back then by fire. Didn't Jesus say in St. Luke the 17th chapter, the 28th, 29th, 30th verse, as it was in the days of Sodom, so shall it be in the coming of the son of man, when the son of man is being revealed. What is a revealed? It's a secret made known. So there was a secret, but the revealing makes it known. He says, "A revelation is to reveal or make known a secret." Now, I love this scripture, Luke 17:30, because I believe it. What I love about too is he makes this point as it was in the days of Sodom or as it was in the days of Noah. Amen. And brother Bam in the 60s is saying it's a Sodom and Gomorrah now. Amen. That's why I know the Revelation can't come in 2025. We're worse. We're done past that point by 60 years. Amen. That was the condition 60 years ago. But that was the condition that God prophesied it would be revealed in. Amen. as it was in the days of Sodom. Oh my, look where the world's gone. This is what would have happened to Sodom Gomorra if they went on for another 60 years. Amen. Brother says again in modern events made clear by prophecy 1965. That's right. And today before Jesus comes again, the full manifestation of the person of Jesus Christ is to be manifest in flesh. Think of it. Jesus said, "As it was in the days of Sodom, so shall it be at the coming of the son of man." When the son of man is revealed, what is revealed? Unknown, unfolded, made known. The secret has been brought forth, revealed in the day that the son of man will be revealed, the world will be in a solemn condition. We've got it, haven't we? Says, "How many believe it? It's a Sodom condition." That's exactly right. Look where it's setting now. Now, so I read all this to make this point. So why the message of the hour? Amen. Cuz I feel like a lot of times our young people, they they hear stuff, they hear quotes. Sometimes even when we're we hear so much stuff and listen, I I'm an evangelist. I preach and I I'll labor on some certain thing in your life that you're going through, whatever. But but this is really the heart of it all. Amen. Why is the message important to us? And I want to say this. It's because we're not just anti- error. We are protruuth. Praise the Lord. Now you say, "Well, what do you mean by that?" Well, there's people, for example, that come against this very message and they will look at certain dates and they'll look at certain things and they can't receive that God would speak through a man with mistakes like all of us, like all through the Bible. So, they'll look at Brother Ram's life and they'll criticize him and their problems really not with William Bram, it's with what he's preaching. Amen. Because it condemns their life. It condemns their heart. Amen. So, they'll look at that and they'll look for errors and they'll say, "The message is wrong because of this and that and this." Amen. But there's a big problem with that. They can tell you what's wrong with the message, but they can't actually tell you what's right. They don't know how many gods they believe in. They don't know what kind of baptism they believe in. Amen. Listen, I heard a guy, and I'm not saying this critically, but I heard a man, a message preacher. He left the message, and I was listening to him preach something a few years later, and here he is quoting brother Brandham. And I'm thinking, you don't believe that though. But it worked out for his sermon, so he used it. Amen. See, there they claim to be anti-air. We're coming against falsehood. Listen, we got a pope from the United States. He He's a proving guy, but originally from the United States. Listen, the message people are not the only people that believe that the Catholic Church is Antichrist. You realize this? We're not the only one. Now, we've got a prophecy about it. Praise God. There's all kinds of people all through the church ages. Even there's all kinds of people that they are against what the Roman Catholic Church stands for because they know it's wrong. Amen. But listen, knowing that the Roman Catholic Church is wrong doesn't make you right. Knowing that what these churches teach is wrong, that doesn't make you right. We're not just against error. We're for the truth. Because the truth is the only thing that can set you free. You'll know the truth and the truth shall make you free. So, there's got to be more than just finding fault in everybody else because you can find fault in me. You can find fault in a pastor. If you do a good job, you can find it in your own life, which is where you should be looking for it at. You can find fault with anything. If you try hard enough, you can find fault in this Bible. Now, there is none. But you'll find it. And you say, "Well, this is why I don't believe that." But you don't have anything to lead me to. Amen. Don't tell me that the message is wrong. And you can't show me something better. But the said, "If this ain't it, I'll take this till that comes. Find me something else that'll do what this does, and I would accept it." We are protruth. Amen. So, lots of people know that certain things are wrong, but they don't have the revelation of what is right to put them in a rapture. Amen. So, this message did not just come to correct the heirs of the church like some preachers. Every sermon, they're just coming down. They're coming on you. Well, man, I really rather people over the coals today. Man, I really teach them backsliding heathen devil pagans. Some people really enjoy just letting you know you're wrong every time they preach. Well, but that won't do you any good if I don't have a remedy. If there's not something to lead you to that can change your life. Listen, if the doctor comes up and says, "Listen, you got this disease. It's fatal and you're going to die." Well, thanks a lot. You got a cure. Well, we ain't got nothing for you. Well, you might as well not even bother tell me then. I mean, I'm not saying they shouldn't, but you see what I'm saying? Like, I need an answer to the devil's question. I need something that's going to change this vile body. Amen. You're not going to find it in denomination. Amen. You're not going to get it from some na some man's thinking. Amen. There's a that's what the message come to. Not just correct errors, not just restore the hearts of the children. Amen. But it come to reveal the son of man. Amen. Because correcting error by itself cannot produce a rapture. But the Lord himself has descended with a shout. What's it do? It gathers the people to what? To Christ. Amen. It prepares a people for the coming of the Lord. Why? The Bible says faith comes by hearing and hearing by the word of God. Amen. So, you've got ears to hear in the first place. That's why you hear and other people miss it. That's why you see what other people miss. Amen. It's a prophetic ministry just like Ezekiel talked about the son of man. It's Christ revealing his church. Amen. It's interesting because John himself, when you read the the gospel according to John, you read his epistles, he's always referring to Jesus, the son of God. The son of God, the son of God. Amen. That's what he's preaching as because it's in the church ages. Amen. But when he's on the aisle of Patmos, Revelation the first chapter when he hears a voice, he turns to see what one like the son of man. See, it was laying there the whole time. Every type expressed it, but nobody caught it. It took God to open it up. Amen. Brother Ram says in proving his word 65 he said as it was in the days of Sodom so shall it be in the day when the son of man will be revealed. Now did you notice from son of God just before he becomes son of David he reveals himself again as son of man. Did you notice the scripture? He says for he always does. He never does nothing unless he makes it known to his servants the prophets. That's exactly that's what his promise was. He never does nothing. God cannot lie. He always reveals it first before he does it. Now, I want to come to the next point I want to get to real quick. Amen. I I told you my story. I was looking for something. What I got was not what I expected. Well, there's a reason for that. That's why people missed it when he preached it in 63. Amen. They were thinking the same thing. What when we get this, we're going to empty out hospitals. We're going to split the sky. And brother Bam tells you later that's that that's the two prophets that come do all these signs and wonders. That's not the bride. Amen. Now, it doesn't mean we don't have miracles. It doesn't mean we don't believe in gifts. That's always been here. Amen. That has actually always been here. It's been restored through the last three church ages. Amen. That's not entirely the point of the revealing of the son of man. Brother says this in one in a million. Did you ever think what the people did? Uh he's talking about Jesus when he was on the earth, they were looking for Elijah to come. He says they went right on believing that Elias was coming and he was right among them and they didn't know it. So will it be in the coming of the son of man. They'll do with them just exactly the same thing. Let me say it this way. It almost is it's almost underwhelming at first. You're like, "Well, that's it. There ain't nothing to that because you miss the importance of it because you're looking for something else." I use this example. Uh you think about Noah in the days of Noah. Noah gets a revelation that's going to rain on the earth and he's to build an ark for the saving of his house. Amen. 120 years they're working at this. If I could dramatize this for a second, maybe maybe Shem woke up one day. I always use I don't know why I use 89, but year 89, he wakes up one day. He's been doing this for 89 years, working on this thing. And maybe his back hurts a little more than it did 89 years ago. Maybe maybe he's got a couple wrinkles. Whatever it is. Amen. And maybe he gets up one day and says, "Boy, you know, I'd sure like to take a day off. We've been doing this a long time and nothing seems to have changed." Amen. In other words, for almost 120 years, looked like nothing was happening, but something was happening. They were getting prepared. Amen. See, you don't know the significance of the revelation till it comes on. Amen. The significance of building an arc for the senior house wasn't did it wasn't it wasn't visible till the rain start to fall. And people, they're looking for what's the message doing for it? It's preparing you for the coming of the Lord. I probably probably I'm going to say probably because every time I say something definitely there's always one person. Probably none of us in here have ever had a body change. Amen. Probably none of us in here have been changed from death unto life. Put taken this mortality and put on immortality because you've never done that. Sometimes you sit there and you undervalue what the message has actually done. Well, we just seem like everybody else. Well, you don't see what the revelation's done, though. It's prepared a people not just for greater miracles, not just for them having a bigger church or bigger meetings. It's prepared them for the coming of the Lord. And because you haven't had a body change yet, some days you wake up and think, "Well, it doesn't seem like God's doing nothing." But he's doing something all the time. Amen. It's working in you even now to bring on rapturing faith in the people by getting preeminence. The revelation on the seventh seal is what makes rapturing faith possible. Amen. Brother Bam says this. Now remember, we're talking about Elijah and stuff. Brother Bam during the seals, he's preaching about being humble. He's just talking about being humble. I I think it was in the fifth seal, but he says like the previous Sunday, whenever it is, he's talking about it. And he says this in the seventh seal in paragraph 304 305. He says, "We're at the end time, the opening of the seventh seal." He says, "Now, how did I know?" He said the other day, last Sunday, a week ago today, when I was preaching on be humble, be humble. Remember, God deals in That's a good message for all of us. Be humble. Remember, God deals in little things. I didn't realize what it really was talking about. And now I see it. It's such a humble way. You would think that something like that, talking about the seventh seal, something be revealed to the Vatican, but it comes like John the Baptist. In other words, John comes and they don't, oh, where where's it at? We're looking for Elijah. We're looking for the ministry. It already happened and you didn't realize it because they thought John was going to come and flatten the mountains and raise up like literally. But that's not what God was looking to do. The purpose of Elijah, the purpose of John's ministry was to prepare the coming of the Lord. Amen. Now, John's out here and they're looking for something else. And yet, that's Jesus' own words. There's never been a prophet born a woman greater than this man. Now, maybe they didn't see it that way, but that's how God saw it. Amen. It comes like John the Baptist. It comes like the birth of our Lord in a stable. Amen. So, we, this is what I'm saying. We tend to undervalue it as brother Van basically predicts and we're going to read this, but it's just like the disciples come to Jesus. Well, where's it at? It's here. It come and gone. You missed it. That's why we're looking for the seventh seal be it happened and you missed it because it was too humble. Well, that means the problem is our arrogance. Amen. Why didn't I see the things? Well, you need to humble yourself. Amen. See, if you're not humble, you want it to do a certain thing. Like I said earlier, you have an expectation. And if it don't make you a bigger man, if it don't validate your ministry, if it don't do this, well, then I'm still looking for it. Well, you'll be looking for it till the till the tribulation. because what you're looking for is not going to happen that way. But it's gonna happen exactly the way God said. It's like I told a brother the other day, I was talking to him. I said, you know, God is reliable, but he's not predictable. God will always do what he said, how he said, but you can't predict it because he'll do it in a way that you can't think of. He's so much bigger than your thinking. He's so much bigger than our ideas. Amen. And when we try to limit God, Amen. We try to put him in a box. We try to tell him how to do his business. Listen, God's going to do it how he wants. And what you need to do is humble yourself. Say, "God, I want to see it the way you see it." Your own problems, your own life. Why am I going through this? Why do I do this? Pray, "God, let me see this the way you see it." Amen. I was just thinking about this last night. You know, I changed how I started praying a few years ago and it it brings me a lot of peace. Amen. We were what we were touching on the office a little bit even. Amen. I stopped looking at situations, just praying, "God, fix this situation. God, give me direction. God, this." I started praying, "God, help me to see the bigger picture. Help me to see why this is going, what you're trying to do. I want to get behind, Lord. If you if I have to suffer and do this, but there's a reason behind it, Lord, help me to see it. I want to get behind whatever it is. If I'm going through something, Lord, help me to see, did I make this happen, or is this the will of the Lord? And if it's the will of the Lord, I want to submit to it no matter what it looks like. Lord, help me to see what you're doing. Help me to see the bigger picture. The picture's so much bigger than us. Listen, that was what Abraham dealt with. He's wanting a son. He's won a promised son. God's like, "Listen, I'm trying to make uh you a blessing to all nations. You just want a baby, but I want to save the nations. I'm kings are in your loins. It's so much bigger than one person. It's bigger than my ministry and my mantle and my anointing and you're this and you. It's so much bigger. God, help us to see the picture in a better a bigger light. It's so much greater yet it's so humble." And this is why they come to brother. Was the bride going to have a ministry? Oh yeah, I should do signs and why should I do all this? It's going on right now. He said then he said it's so humble. That's why he tells him in the seals. Don't try to be a big something. Live a humble Christian life. If you're not humble, you'll miss it. You're trying to make a big thing. It's as big as it needs to be. It's not big to men. The wise and prudent don't notice it. That's because it's hidden from them. Now, where did God hide his revelation? In simplicity. Where does he reveal? In simplicity. The way up with God is down. Humble yourself. Praise the Lord. Oh man, if we had, you know, you know, it's like we had this, like I mentioned a little bit earlier, you know, we had a a pope recently and uh, you know, Brother M talks about 1954. You know, probably everybody heard the quote by now. You've probably heard it once or twice an hour for about a week. So, I'm not going to read it to you again. You probably got it beat over your head. Amen. Maybe you're sick of hearing it. Some people like, I'm done hearing. I got it. Amen. When that happened, you knew whatever message church was preaching that Sunday. True. Now, here's my point. People can go on a limb with it and make it make that say anything they want. Amen. If we're not careful, you can try to interpret it too much. Amen. So, I'm not going to quote it. But my point is this. The whole world's caught up in this people. It's amazing. Oh, man. This great man, we're so happy. He's so humble. He And I don't know. He's probably a nice guy. I don't know. No, I really don't. Amen. don't know nothing about him personally, but I know what the Bible says is going to happen. I know what scripture testifies. And what's funny is for hundreds of years the Protestant church since 1517 defied the Catholic Church and they were executed. They were martyed. The dark ages come. All this stuff happened and now we embrace it with open arms. We're all going to be one big happy group. Amen. See, they don't see what you're seeing. They rejoice about it. And you're like, I'm rejoicing, but for a whole different reason. It's going home time. We're just that much closer. Amen. I'm so glad I'm not caught up in it. I'm caught up in Jesus Christ. Amen. That quote, if we're not careful, we forget. Listen, there's tribulation coming. There's darkness coming. But you're not a part of it. That's why the message, it's for you. Amen. The listen friends, the ministry of the son of man, the third pole, the revealing Christ, it's a shout. That's what makes it a new book. Amen. That's why the world's looking forward to a new pope. And you're looking forward to leaving this world. Amen. Remember that it can't be impersonated. There's now again, I got to qualify. To my knowledge, there is no group, no denomination, no cult, nothing outside of this message that teaches about the revealing son of man like that. Amen. That's why it can't be in person. They've got nothing to base it on. Amen. Yet it's right there in the scripture. Even the pope himself, this is my point. He sits there and he sends vicarious file day in thestead of the son of God. Amen. There's impersonators, false Christs, false anointed ones, people that they claim to be in the place of the son of God. But who can take the place of the son of man? No one. Show me another ministry that can stand at the platform and turn his back to the people and discern the thoughts intent of the every time. Amen. They can you you can't impersonate that. That's why there'll be no impersonations. The closest you can do is take the prophet's words and take about what he talks about of somebody coming up and make yourself that. But you can't replicate what he did. It can't be impersonated. Oh my. That's why there's no impersonations to this. Praise the Lord. That's why Brother Ben makes this statement. He says this. Let me let me qualify this real quick. You know, I was uh I was uh I was out of the state here about a month ago, and my my daughter Virginia uh I don't know if anybody can relate to this when she was little. She hated to read. I I mean, she would cry. My wife go, "You need to read this." And she just she she fought reading so much. She didn't want to read anything. And now she's always got a book. She's like, she went she's she hoards books. Like I don't have room for them anymore. Total 180 or Yeah. Praise the Lord for that. She loves. So, we're going to this book store the other day and she asked me, now I don't know how y'all feel about this, but this is where I was at. She asked me, she said, "Dad, I want to get Romeo and Juliet and read it." I'm thinking, "Not in my house, you know, we're message believers. We just read the Bible." Somebody finds out about that, you know, it'll be the end of my ministry. So, I'm thinking about it, but I then I remembered, and it's kind of funny because I'm getting ready to preach it, but the Ram talked about reading Roman and Juliet. He actually uses it in his sermons. So I'm like, "Go ahead and get it." Amen. Because I'm going to preach on it now. Brother says this. He says a bunch of different places, but he says this in 1963 in the sermon. Look, he says, "Look at the church today. It is in chaos, all mixed up in everything. We're looking. We've got more in there. We've got better than they have. We're this and that and the other." He said, "And there that bride is looking to the coming of the Lord Jesus, which that secret secret coming of Christ shall come and catch away his bride in the night." Like a book I read of Romeo and Juliet one time. How he come with a ladder and got his bride out among them. That's what Jesus will come someday and looking for that one. Not looking to his creeds, but looking to Christ, waiting for him to come with his heart centered. Amen. I got to thinking about that. You know, Romeo and Juliet, he uses a ladder. Amen. And it it ties into what I'm talking about today. People miss the revelation of the seventh seal that it's the son of man. They miss it. This is why brother Ram preaches God unrecognized. The prince of God unrecognized. He preaches this thing. The unveiling of God. God was doing this and people completely missed it. That's why he has to go back and preach it and say it again and again. They were missing it. Amen. I got to thinking that's what happened to Jacob. Amen. When he fled his father's house cuz his brother Esau's out to kill him. He went down one night. He went to a motel six or a red roof in one of these rough hotels. Amen. In a pillow, a bit of stone, sleeping on the rocks. Amen. That's a missionary if I ever heard of one. And he goes to bed there. He's fearing for his life. He's in danger. And while he's sleeping, he sees a ladder. And on this ladder, he sees the angels of God ascending and descending on this ladder. Amen. And he wakes. Now, look at his interpretation. He wakes up. He's seen a ladder with angels. He wakes up. Says, "Surely the Lord God was in this place. And I knew it not. God was here the whole time. I didn't feel it. I didn't see it. I didn't recognize it. It took a revelation. He was here the whole time and I missed it. I saw a rock. I was in danger. I saw I missed it. God was here. But he saw a ladder with angels ascending to recognize that means the presence of God. He calls it Bethl, the house of God. Surely God was here and I missed it. You know Jesus own disciples do the same thing later on. Amen. Philip goes and fetches Nathaniel. He hears about this Messiah and he comes back. He says, "Nathaniel, before you come to me, when you were under the tree, I saw you. I saw you." And I love his words. He says, "You're the son of God." Notice the son of God. You're the king of Israel. And I love Jesus words. He says, "You believe because of this. You believe because of the discernment at the second pole, we'd say, "Amen. You believe of that, but you're going to see something greater. You're going to see the angels ascending and descending on what? The son of man. What is the son of man? It's a ladder. It puts you in contact with God for a rapture. Amen. The angels of God ascended descended in 1963. That's why there was a cloud. The world saw a cloud. They didn't know, but we knew. If you turn and you look at it the right way, brother Ram said, "It's all about how you see it. If you look at it this way, that's our Lord up there. The revelation of the son of man is the ladder that puts you in place for the coming of the son of man to catch a right away. This is what puts you in contact. Amen. The world didn't realize it. But thank God this after this morning. God still morning. Thank God this morning we've got a recognition. This has come to make a connection. It's a love connection. Amen. Not like the world, not like the carnality of the world. There's a connection between God and his bride. He's put a ladder down to us. Amen. He come down to us so we could go back up to him. Amen. And we're going to meet him where? In the air? By the revelation of the son of man. It puts you in place for rapturing faith. It puts you in rapturing grace. Amen. Friends. Oh, praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. If you've got that today, Titus chapter 2 says that's the blessed hope of the church, the appearing of our great God and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. Listen, that's an anchor of the soul, steadfast and sure. Listen, no matter what trials and troubles you're going through today, Amen. There's something in you. I was talking to brother here a few weeks back and he's going through this going through that and he said you know he was getting frustrated but he makes this point said you know what but at the end of the day I I got to make sure I'm ready for the coming Lord. Amen. I can't make anybody else ready but I just want to be right with the Lord. I'm like what makes you do that? What makes you expect him to come in any moment and want to live right because the revealing of the son of man you've heard. Amen. Brother Bram said when you recognize the word for your day. what I'm talking about when you recognize it to be eagle's food something that could put you in the air. Amen. You have heard from your theophony but explains in questions and answers your name on the book. It's not Lee Vale or Orman Neville. It's the mystery. You're in that mystery. And when you've seen it, you've seen your name in the book. That's how you know you're going to rapture. That's why you've got rapturing faith. You've seen it. And we undervalue it. Yeah. It's just not enough. Oh, it's more than enough. If you'll receive it and you'll embrace it and you'll cherish it, it's more than enough. It's your identification. You're one of them. Praise the Lord. We are not like those that sleep in the night. We are of the day. Why? Because we're awake. What do the thunders do? It awakes a bride out of her sleep. That's why you're not ignorant today. This little church right here in Fenton, Michigan. I almost said Ohio. Wouldn't do that to you. This little group here, you're seeing things that kings and prophets wanted to see. You're seeing things that congressmen and presidents, they can't see. You can get a Hubble Space Telescope. You can get an electronic microscope. They can't see what you see because it's by faith. And what you're seeing is what you become. Because when you look at it, that's what you become. As he is, so are we in this world. It's transforming you. Amen. Like I was saying, just I was talking the other day about this. Amen. Listen, I'm not just living from one trial to another, from one presidency to another, from one mishap to another. I'm being changed. You're being changed from glory to glory. He's changing me. What does it It's what you're looking at. The revelation of the son of man. We're awakened. We're of the day. We're watching and we're praying. Amen. We were just talking about, this is what we're talking about in the office. I I am more settled today than I've ever been before. I'm more convinced. I'm not wavering. I'm not st I am more convinced by the grace of God. I'm like Abraham. The longer I go, the stronger I get in faith. Amen. I am more convinced today of it than I've ever been before. Amen. I'm not doubting. I'm not getting shook up. I see things come to pass that just strengthens me. I just hunker down a little bit more. It ought to put something in your life. Man, I'm in the worst trial of my life. Yeah, but I've got something. And what I've got, it's going to take me through to the rapture. I don't have to hang my head down low. I can look up because my redemption's nigh. Hallelujah. I'll not fear what's coming my way. A thousand might fall my side and 10,000 in my right hand. It will not come nigh me. Only with my eyes will I behold the reward of the wicked. There's a token over my life. There's a token over my home. I'm There's a prophecy over my life. There is a people. You say prophecy over my life. He said, "I'm going to have a church. I'm one of them. I'm going to have a church with no spot, no blemish, no such thing." Listen, you can't do that in your flesh. That's not your human ability. It's what the Son of Man revealed about you, a sinless, virtuous bride of Jesus Christ. You believe that today as you stand to your feet? Oh, we such a blessed people. Amen. He's doing what he said he would do. It's working in me. It's working mightily in you. Amen. Don't ever doubt that. Amen. Well, I ain't nobody. I'm not important. I'm this and that. Wait till the rain falls. Amen. Listen, one day they're going to look for you. Maybe the Listen, I did census work here end of 2020 because of COVID. I needed something to do on the side. It's amazing to me how many houses just sit empty. People don't realize it for about a year. M stacking up. Finally, one of the the uh relatives or something comes along and deals with it. Amen. One of these days they like, "Hey, that Brother John guy lives down the street, man. I haven't seen him in a while where he ate he pastor that church. Where'd he go? I haven't seen him in months. He's gone. He's long gone. There's this brother, this Bruce Jakowski guy, man. That guy, he's so cool. Where'd he go?" "Oh, I don't know. You're going to be gone." and they're it's so humble they won't even realize it. Well, wasn't there supposed to be a coming of the Lord, it done happened and they missed it. They'll go on having church. They'll go having revival. They'll go and having altter calls thinking they're getting saved and they missed it. But you didn't miss it. You couldn't miss it. You've been magnetized. You got caught up. Oh, thank you. Ah, friends, it excites me. Amen. Listen, I I I love all this other stuff, but this this is the heart of what it is to me. You seeing it and what it means to me. Listen, I don't feel the same way today that I did when I first heard it. I didn't realize. Now that I see it, I can see now just who I am. Oh, it makes all the difference. Every trial, every problem, everything you go through, your whole attitude changes because you're destined for this, guys. You believe that today? Let's pray. Oh, heavenly father, so many times we we take it for granted. We don't realize why it's so important. So many things in our life that you do. And for this message especially, Lord, as a young man, I was I was so happy to be saved. I was so happy to have your spirit. I was so happy that you you showed me right from wrong. But I remember when I saw that son of man that was in the scriptures revealed through a prophet's mission, when I recognized it for what it was. Oh Lord, how it filled my heart with joy. How it changed the rest of my life. How it made the Bible a new book. How it revolutionalized everything that happened to me. Lord, I pray for every one of us here today. Yes, Lord. It would be the very same. Lord, may you show it to our young people. We're like Abraham. We're trying to teach young. May you show it to our old people. Anybody that's missed, anybody that's lost sight of it, Lord, may this be at the center of our thinking. Is Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. It's Jesus Christ revealed as the son of man speaking to us. Oh God, I'm so thankful for this message. I'm so thankful for these words of life. Lord, you made a change in me. I couldn't change myself. Lord, you you changed the circumstances. You changed the way I looked at it, Lord. I didn't need you to change everything else. I needed the change in me. And it's changing me even now. From glory to glory. You're changing us. Amen. Oh, thank you, God. Bless these people. If there be a sick one here today, there'll be no sick ones in that rapture. But Lord, I believe there's a down payment in earnest today that even now in this world, we could be free from sickness. We can be free from depression. Lord, if there be one brokenhearted, may you bind them up. If there be one sick, may they be made well. May you bless your people with the the earnest of that inheritance that they would walk in the blessing of the fullness of the blessing of the gospel of Christ. Walking in newness of life. Bless this church. Bless the ministry. Father, may you just continue to gain preeminence in every life. We ask and we thank you for in Jesus name. Amen. Do you know that song from glory to glory? He's changing me. Well, glory to God. Um, no. I don't know what to do. You got You got one. You Well, let's sing if Do you know the song? From glory to glory. He's changing me. Changing me. Changing me. His likeness and image to reflect in me. The love of God shown to the world. For he's changing, changing me from earthly things to the heavenly. His likeness and image to perfect in me. The love of God shown to the world. Oh my. Aren't you grateful for that? Amen. How about you know I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. And I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say they were gathered in the upper room. They were gathered in the upper room. All praying in his name. They were baptized with the Holy Ghost. And powerful service came. And now what he did for them. Oh, he'll do for you the same. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, hallelujah. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. Are you one of them? Oh, yes. And I'm so glad that I can say, "Come, my brother, seek this blessing." And come, my brother, seek this blessing that will cleanse your heart from sin. That will start the joy bells ringing and will keep the soul of flame. Oh, it's burning now within my heart. All glory to his name. And I'm so glad I can say I'm one of Oh, I'm one of them. I'm one of Oh, hallelujah. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. Are you one of them? Oh, hallelujah. I'm so glad. I can say one more time. Oh, I'm one of them. Yes. Oh, thank you, Jesus. I'm so glad. Oh, what a glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, one of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Amen. Let's just thank the Lord for the word we got today. Amen. I believe we got a word that could put us in a rapture today. Praise God. What a beautiful word. Amen. Amen. Oh, blessed be the name of you know as that was coming forth and said, "Boy, it would be nice to have three services on this in a row." It was so beautiful. And uh it we we need that. We need that here. We need that here. And I'm grateful that you felt at liberty to preach it, brother. Praise the Lord. Can we sing? Um, I'll meet you in the rapture. Yeah. [Laughter] Do we got the the words to that? If you never meet again on this earth, my precious friend, if to God we have been true and we lived above all sin, then for us there'll be a ing a hallelu greeting. I'll see you in the rapture some sweet death. I'll see you in the rapture. I'll see you in the rapture. I'll see you at that meeting in the air. And with our blessed Savior, we'll live and reign forever. I'll see you in the rapture some sweet day. To my loved ones, let me say that there surely come a day when our Lord shall come again to catch Mesus Christ away. So get ready now to meet him with a message. Go and greet him. I'll see you in the rapture some sweet day. I'll see you in the rapture. I'll see you in the rapture. I'll see you at that meeting in the air. And with our blessed Savior, we'll live and reign forever. I'll see you in the rapture some sweet day. We're living in a day when so many walk away. He's knocking at the door to try and save just one more to come and live with Jesus where Satan can't defeat us. I'll see you in the rapture some sweet day. Let's sing it. I'll see you in the rapture. I'll see you in the rapture. I'll see you at the beginning in the end. And with our blessed savior, we'll live and reign forever. I'll meet you in the rapture some sweet day. [Music] Amen. It's going to happen. I'll fly away. I'll fly away. I believe it. Some glad morning when this life is over, I'll fly away to my home on God's celestial shore. I'll fly away. I'll fly away. Oh glory, I'll fly away. I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by, I'll fly away. When the shadows of this life have grown, I'll fly away. Like a bird from prison, bars have flown. I fly away. I'll fly away, oh glory, fly away. I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by, I'll fly away. Just a few more weary days and then I'll fly away to a land where joy shall never end. I'll fly away. I'll fly away. Oh glory. I'll fly away. I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by, I'll fly away. I'll fly away. Oh, glory. I'll fly away. I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by, I'll fly away. Amen. Praise God. You asked me, "How do I know you're going to fly away?" Because I've been spending time going up and down the ladder. We're getting ready. If you're getting ready, you're going. But you got to get ready. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's just sing one more before we dismiss. All is well. Yes. We've heard the message. Amen. Amen. All is well. All is well. We have heard the message shalom and all is well. There is a place of perfect rest behind the nerve veil. So rest little bride rest for all is well. [Applause] All is well. All is well. We have heard the message shalom and all is well. There is a place of perfect rest behind the inner veil. No rest, little bride rest, for all is
