################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-13 - 4.13.25 - Knowing God - John Martin - John Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-13
Title:   4.13.25 - Knowing God - John Martin
Speaker: John Martin
Church:  Send The Light Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oKjJjGaA1IM
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Deep my clay where tenderly brought me out to gold in day. He brought me out of the myy clay. He set my feet on the rock to stay. He puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. up. He placed me upon the strong rock by his side. My steps were established, and here I'll abide. No danger of falling. While here I remain, while heaven, the cross I gain. He brought me out of the myy clay. He set my feet on the rock to stay. He puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. Might me a song was a new song of praise. By day and by night it sweet notes I will raise. My heart's overflowing. Happy and free. I'll praise my redeemer who has rescued me. He brought me out of the myy clay. He set my feet on the rock to stay. He puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. I'll sing of his wonderful mercy to me. I'll praise him till all men. His goodness shall sing. I'll sing of salvation at home and abroad. Too many shall hear the truth and trust in God. He brought me out of the merry clay. He set my feet on the rock to stay. He puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. I'll tell of the pit with its gloom and despair. I'll praise a dear father who answered my prayer. I'll sing my new song, the glad story of love to men, not the saints above. He brought me out of the merry clay. He set my feet on the rock to stay. He puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Let's all stand together. Amen. Praise the Lord. Ask brother Jonathan if I just pray over the offering. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Now to all the visitors who's going, "Okay, this is kind of weird." So if you read in the scriptures, you find out where at the temple they had a box in the back and Jesus stood off the one side with his disciples and he watched people come and put their offerings in the box. So the rich came and gave out of their plentiful. But a widow came. She didn't have much, but she gave it all. Jesus looked at them and he said, "So, which," he asked his disciples kind of a trick question. He said, "Who do you think gave the more?" You know, people are kind of stingy like that. They have a lot. They just don't like giving it away. We have a lot, not so much financially, but also in our lives. We have a lot. We're just afraid to give it all to him. We want to hang on to our part, our dreams, our ideas, and we just need to give everything to him in the offering and let him multiply it. Amen. Amen. In the city where the lamb is the light. Amen. There's a country far beyond the starry sky. There's a city where there never comes a night. If we're faithful, we shall be. There by and by. Is that city where the lamb is the light. In that city where the lamb is the light. That fair city where there cometh no night. I have a mansion over there. And when free from toil and care, I am going where the lamb is the light. Here we have our days of sorrow. But we know that the sun that shines us now and found so bright will be changed to clouds and rain until we go to that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where the lamb is alive. at fair city where there cometh no night. I have a mansion over there and when free from toil and care I am going where the lamp is alive. There the flowers bloom forever. And the day shall be one eternal day without a night. And our tears shall be forever wiped away. In that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where there cometh no night, I have a mansion over there. And when free from toilet care, I am going where the lamb is alive. Here we have our disappointments all the while. And our fondest hopes but meet with bitter blood. Though by night we weep, the morning brings a smile. Ah, in that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where the lamb is the light, that fair city where there cometh no night. I a mansion over there. And when free from toilet care, I am going where the lamb is alive. There the sunlight fade but twilight take its gloom. Not a shadow can my misful soul fright. For I know that up in heaven there is room. In that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where the lamb is the light. In that city where there cometh no night. I have a mansion over there. And when free from care, I am going where the lamb is alive. In that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where there cometh no night, I have a mansion over there. And when free from toilet care, I am going where the lamb is alive. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Let's all stand together as brother John comes. Just sing amazing grace. Amen. Aren't you glad for his grace? Amen. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that saved a rat like [Applause] me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. was blind, but now I see. Was grace that taught my heart to fear and grace my fears really. [Applause] How precious did that grace appear. We are our first believe. Through many danger, and snares I have already come. His grace had brought me safe thus far. and grace will lead me home. And we've been there 10,000 years. Bright shineing as the sun with no less days to sing God's praise than when we first [Music] become. Praise God. Praise God. Our bless. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. He's worthy. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Amen. Let's just offer him a praise offering this morning. We praise you, Lord Jesus, for your amazing grace in our life. Thank you for salvation, Lord. Thank you that we can stand here today, Lord, knowing that it was your grace that saved us, Lord. It's your grace that has brought us thus far. It's your grace that'll take us all the way. And we just want to praise you this morning for all of you, Lord. all of your grace in our life. We worship you and we thank you this morning, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Amen. How good it is to praise the Lord. Bible says he inhabits the praises of his people. Amen. Amen. What a privilege it is to be a son and daughter of Jesus Christ. Amen. I want to welcome everyone here today, especially those that have been here for their their first time. Um, and may the Lord Jesus bless you and speak to your heart and just fill you with comfort. Um, it's we want to just make sure that everybody knows that Sister Anna is here with us and we've all been praying all been praying for her and her family and she appreciates all of our prayers and we just want her to to feel welcomed here. And also, uh, Eastston has his his family here. And, um, are are you Jamie? Yes. Are you his mother? I'm his grandmother. Grandmother. Okay. You're And you're uh um excuse me, you're you're Katie. Okay. And Olivia. All right. Well, God bless you. That That's a That's a compliment. I mean, God bless you. Amen. Um Eastston is is is one that is um wanting to get uh baptized uh along with um Joshua here and and possibly Kenny. Um, so, uh, we're so glad that we get a chance to to meet you and, uh, get to know you and you can ask questions and, um, we're always think it's a brave thing for someone to come out to a new church. You don't know what to expect. Um, but I really feel that this this group is one of the most loving groups in the world. Amen. Amen. And uh may you just find the Lord Jesus and the love of Christ. Here is our prayer. Amen. Well, turn with me if you would into the book of Isaiah chapter 53 verse one. Also want to say it's good to see Sister Joyce and Sister Kelly here. Amen. Worshiping the Lord. Amen. We had a a little subject that we want to speak on today and it's knowing God. And all of us know God in a in a in a in a measure. But our desire today is to to help provoke us to want to know God a little bit more than we do. Amen. Amen. Before we begin reading here in Isaiah chapter 53, let's look to the author of this book in a word of prayer. Heavenly Father, we thank you that you have given each one of us an opportunity to come to know you. To know you is to know life. And to not know you is to not know life. And so Lord, we thank you that one day you called us. You knocked on the door of our heart. We weren't we weren't interested in knowing you, but you were interested in knowing us. And you loved us. And because you loved us, we could love you. Because you chose us, we could choose you. And this morning, Lord, we are here assembling ourselves together under the the the perfect word of God. And we pray that today as the word would come forth over the pulpit that it would enter our hearts and our souls with a revelation of just who you are. Father, reveal yourself to us and let us to know you in a greater measure. Lord, we pray that when we leave here today that we would be determined to want to grow our relationship more with you. Please bless the reading of the word now as we commit the service into your hands and we give you praise and thanksgiving for this. For we pray it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Isaiah 53 verse number one says who have believed our report and to whom is the arm of the Lord revealed and God bless you may be seated who has believed our report did you ever come and tell somebody something and they said I don't believe you so we have that that ability to believe we have the ability not to believe and it I'm sure you've you've all looked at the weather channel and it says it's going to be a sunny day and it's snowing outside if something strange happens. We live in a world of just you never know what's what. And sometimes it's hard to believe certain things, but the one thing that we know that we can believe is the word of God. Amen. But not everybody believes the word of God. And it takes God to show us who who he is and and what what the Bible means. And so the question comes out from God. Who has believed our report and to whom is the arm of the Lord revealed? Who has actually showed who who God really is? It takes God to do that. And I want to stick a scripture in here and I didn't tell them in the back but it's Matthew 11 25. And Jesus uh Matthew 11:25. Jesus is praying here to the father and he says I thank thee oh father lord of heaven and earth because thou has hid these things from the wise and prudent and has revealed them unto babe. So there is a group of people that God withholds who he is and then there's a group of people who he reveals who he is. Amen. And I don't want to be part of that group that doesn't know him. I want to be part of the group that knows God and I am depending on God that he will show himself to me. Now the difference between the two groups, one is wise and prudent and the other is a babe. Now, if we had two people standing up here and one was a a wise and prudent man, he would be acting like he's he has it all under control and that he's he's he he he's intelligent and he he's he's got the ability to uh to handle a situation and then if we have on this side another group and this group he he acts like a babe. Well, if we know a babe, a babe is needy. like I I need help to to feed. I I I need help to be cleaned. And so God looks at those two different types of attitudes and he says, "The one that is humble, I give grace to. the one that's has it all figured out that really doesn't need my word. He he he keeps himself from that group. And so our dependency is on the Lord, but it's also on us being in a state of humility that we can receive from the Lord. Amen. Amen. All right. Turn with me if you would to Matthew chapter 16. A little bit further there. Matthew 16:E 13. And we're going to just try to lay a little foundation here. And if I say something that you know maybe just doesn't make a whole lot of sense, we'll just set that aside and you just keep don't stop. You keep eating, right? Keep eating. Matthew 16:13. When Jesus came to the coast of Cesaria Philippi, he asked his disciples saying, "Whom do men say that I, the son of man, am?" So I'm asking for who do people say that I am? And they said some say that thou art John the Baptist, some Isa Elias, and others Jeremiah's or one of the prophets. So there was a lot of possibilities who this man Jesus could be. Amen. And so they had uh there was conflicting reports of who Jesus was. Uh there were similarities, but there were there were conflicting reports and some were truths. The similarities and and some of them were uh obviously false reports. But the arm of the Lord was not revealed to these religious people. And these people, they had the knowledge of the scriptures because they're they're they're comparing prophets, but yet they didn't know who Jesus was. So, a lot of people can go to church and hear the scriptures, but really not know who Jesus is. And Jesus said unto them, "But whom say ye that I am?" Now, he got personal. And Simon Peter answered that thou art the Christ, the son of the living God. So, he had the right answer, but that didn't matter. What mattered is where the answer came from. That's what was important. And Jesus answered and said unto him, "Blessed art thou, Simon Barjonah, for flesh and blood have not revealed it unto thee, but my father which is in heaven." You didn't hear these words from a man behind the pulpit. something high up was speaking to your heart as the word came across the pulpit. Amen. There was a connection there. Amen. And that's the only way we can know God is through God. We we can't we can't depend on our flesh and our ability, our intellect to understand God. And we certainly can't depend on the intellect and the understanding of our pastor to know God. Our our dependency has to be on God. And that requires remember this attitude here of I need you. Amen. I need you, Lord. I I am just a babe. I I I the only way I'm going to know you is if by your grace you come down and reveal to me who you are and what you'd have me to do. I I can't be over here just coming in and trying to figure it out. In verse 18, and Jesus said, 'I say unto you thee that thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. The word of God is the only thing that can withstand the devil. Amen. The only thing the only thing that cannot prevail against the devil is the word of God. Now, unless God reveals himself to us, we really don't know him. Brother Gideon sent a story to me, little video clip, and it's a true story. And what it was is it was had to be in some city that um next to a church they bought this building and a businessman uh was going to put in a a nightclub there and it was going to be a 24-hour thing where with gentleman's club where girls can girls are there, guys go there and uh well you you know enough of that. So the church um thought that they would get together and they would pray and they would fast about this situation and uh they they prayed that God would just stop this from happening next to the church that that God would move in a supernatural way. And uh during the night through the all night prayer meeting, a a lightning came down and set the the the building on fire and it literally burnt to the ground. And uh so the the businessman, you know, had heard about what had happened and he decided that he was going to take the church to court. and and and and and his his his reasoning was because the church was responsible for my building burning down and and so the before the proceedings took place, the judge brought them both before them and he said, "I want you to know something that this is the hardest case that I've ever ever had. I've got a businessman who believes in God's miraculous power. And then I've got a church who's saying that he didn't do it. Say it again. to really believe in God. We're going to be tested. We're going to be tried. And God will take us right to the limit. He will. But we've got to trust God that he's going to take us through. Sometimes we can go to church and we can go to church for a long time and still really not believe God, God's word, the way we should. It makes you to wonder sometimes when you see people come to church and they they walk away after years who really does believe the report. We're living in a time of identity crisis. Not just who believes and who doesn't believe, but there are men who who think there are women. There are women who think they are men. There are people who think they are a cat, an alien. I I had read that there was someone in H Heartland area that they believe they were they're they're they're from their ancestors were plants or another period of time or reincarnation. So there's these different thought processes out there and because of it people can feel lost, get discouraged because they can't identify with the norm. I'm going somewhere there. So some church facts and I want to bring this together. There are people who who never attend church. Uh the people who have never attended church nearly has doubled over the na last nine years. The people who have never attended church has nearly doubled over the last nine years. The people who attend church weekly has declined by 50% over the last nine years. Of over two billion Christians in the world, less than 30% have ever read the entire Bible. 340 million people live in the United States and only 176 million identify themselves as Christians and nearly a quarter of them view the Bible as a book written by man and not by God. The fact is that over 82% of Christian Americans only read their Bible on Sunday while they're in church. This is this is sad because the Bible is the only book that can tell us who God is. Everyone has opinion who God is. But the Bible is the only book that can truly identify who God is and where we stand with him. Jesus said in John 5:39, he said, "Search the scriptures, for in them you think you have eternal life, and they are they which testify of me." Amen. I would never want to go to a church who preaches out of a different book or preaches without the book or preaches stories that are not scriptural based. Or that just makes you feel good or that makes you feel like you're going to make it. I just want to know what the scripture says. I can make it. I can make a decision whether I'm going to make it or not. And Jesus gave us the best advice their preacher could ever give us. He said, "Search the scriptures. Search them for in them you think you have eternal life. But they are they which testify of me." The scriptures are the only source that can identify who we are, where we came from, and where we're going and whether we have eternal life. First John 5:13, if you want to write it down, the Bible says that the this Bible is written that we may know whether we have eternal life. That's why we got to search the scriptures, that we can truly know. If if my dad I know my dad loved me, I know my mom loved me. And if they just told me, I love you. You're going to go to heaven. Well, that sure is sweet and that sure is nice. But where do they get the authority to tell me I'm going to heaven? And we've all been to funerals. You hardly go to a funeral that that that they say at the funeral that this man is definitely going to hell. Right. You you never go. But Jesus said more go there than they go to heaven. But we don't know that. The fact is is that we have we are not the ones that determine who goes to heaven and who goes to hell. The scriptures tell us who goes and who doesn't go. Right? And I can't know I can't know for you but I can know for me. Right? To whom much is given much is is required. But how important the scriptures are for us. Second Peter chapter 1 verse 20 says knowing this first knowing this first that no prophecy of the scripture is of any private interpretation. You are not allowed to say this is what I think that means. It's no private interpretation. For the prophecy came not in old time by the will of man, but holy men of God, dedicated men of God, spoke as they were moved by a stronger force, by the power of the Holy Ghost, the anointing of God upon them. And when God moved upon them, they pent. And many of these people who wrote the scriptures did not even know what exactly it all meant. But it was still yet God speaking. It's how powerful it is. We can have confidence that this here is the only book in the whole entire world that you can have confidence that is 100% true from cover to cover. There ain't another book that you can have that confidence in. Amen. God has given us his word and we can have confidence when we come to church and we read out of the Bible. We can say amen to the word of God. We can have confidence that all heaven is behind it that God is looking down upon you as you say amen with a with a belief in him. The Bible is the word of God. The Bible is God in word form. The Bible says in John 1:1, "In the beginning was the word, and the word was with God and the word was God." Amen. I mean, that says it like it is. And the word tells us how to have eternal life. Amen. How to become born again and how to have a nature change. It is the only book. It is true. I mean there are other books that that try to help us understand this but it's mixed a little bit with your opinions and things. That is right. But when you read this, even if you don't understand it, let's say you you you basically have a seventh grade education. Let's just say that for a moment. God is able to make all grace abound to you. Amen. If you maintain this, I am a babe and I need you, Lord. Yes. We don't have to wait to be smart. We just I'll tell you what real smarts is. Is fear the Lord. That is right. That's real smarts. Psalms 119. I read this I believe the last couple services 105. The word is a lamp unto my feet and a light onto my path. This Bible is what every one of us tell you. If there's one thing that we have in common that we all need here is this. Amen. Amen. Right. We may not all need to go to to the dentist today and get a a a tooth pulled, right? We may not all be there. We may not all need a new pair of shoes today. But I'm telling you, one thing we all need today is the word of God. We all need it. Amen. Man shall live not by bread alone, but by every word that proceedth out of the mouth of God. Amen. Amen. Jesus said in John 6 uh 63, the words that I speak unto you, they are spirit and they are life. This is a book of life. A book of life written by God that we might have his life. Isaiah 551 just again laying kind of a foundation here. So shall my word be that goeth forth out of my mouth. It shall not return unto me void, but it shall accomplish that which I please, and it shall prosper in the thing wherein to I sent it. Amen. Amen. All right. I want to just talk to the adults for just a second here for a moment. All the parents, I mean, have you ever told your children to do something and they did not do it? Yes. Has that ever happened to you before? And you feel that your word was just made void. It It didn't accomplish what it was meant for. And then it usually brings about some heat. Something inside of you just like my word means more than that. That's right. God's word can never fail. Never ever fail. It cannot fail. Amen. Now, God is not a God to say you're going to make it and you're not going to make it. God's word is whosoever will, let him come. And if you believe this, then it shall prosper in your life. Amen. But if you don't believe it, it's not going to prosper. But the word has been spoken. That's why Jesus said, "If you can believe, all things are possible." To him that can that can believe. Jesus said in Matthew 24:35, "Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away." Amen. So, even after earth is all over with, we're still going to have this one book. This one book is we're still going to have it. This is what's going to be in heaven. That's right. That's right. But you know also what's going to be in heaven? There's going to be a bride who's going to be the manifested word of God. In other words, she's going to be the living word of God. That's right. Amen. That's why it's important for us to read our Bibles daily. Amen. Amen. In fact, the Bible tells us that this this word is going to judge us on judgment day. Amen. And that's a John 12:48. Let's put that up there so we can read that. John 12:48. He that rejectth me and receiveth not my words have one that judgeth him. The word that I have spoken, the same shall judge him in the last day. This Bible, we can leave church today and reject the word of God today and go on living our lives today. Scary. And it will perhaps not even bother us or our plan for tomorrow or next week. Yep. But when this life is all over, we have to face God with the same word that we heard today at church. That is right. We can't get away from it. To whom much is given, much is required. And it would it would be better just to say, I love the word. I love the word. Be it unto me according to thy word. Amen. So it's imperative that we know God by revelation and not by human intellect or abilities. So in other words, it's very scary to sit in church and to try to figure God out. That's right. To try to understand God in like we would go to a classroom and and and try to understand something in class. But we need to be here depending on God to show us this. Amen. And then that's when revelation comes. So it's it's imperative that we know God by revelations. It's vital. It's important. It's crucial. It's essential. And we cannot know God without experiencing God. That's why we need God to reveal it. Yes. We can go to college and we can learn about botany. Yep. We can go to church and we can learn about the scriptures and the doctrines and yet never experience God. That's true. True. It is impossible to know God the way that we must know him without experiencing him. We must experience God in a nature change. So let me just say it like this. Forget about what we know. Forget about what we can understand. The nature change comes when there is something in your heart that says, "God, I want to please you. Yes. So now we're dealing more with a love affair about knowing God rather than a knowledge and the and the intellectual ability to articulate what the Bible is actually saying. It's two different things. We'll get into that here in just a little bit later. But we can experience God on multiple fronts. Amen. We understand that God makes the blessings fall upon the unjust and he makes the blessings of the son to shine upon the evil and the blessings of his love to comfort his enemy. We know this because Jesus said this is what the father does and he even asked us to be the same way. Yes. So when when even not even churchgoers but people who don't go to church can can can receive blessings from God yet we understand it doesn't change them. So they can experience blessings from God and never be changed. In other words they still remain the same who they are. So they say well I know God blessed me. You know, I spoke through tongues and I danced through here and I did this and God blessed me with a new Cadillac and oh, I was I bet I know God because God has blessed me. No, you don't know God. That's the truth. You can say God has blessed you. But that doesn't mean you know God. You don't know God until your nature is changed. When your nature is changed, then you know God in the way that God wants you to know him. Amen. Amen. I mean, I'm thankful for the blessings, but what good would all those do if my nature never changed? What good would it do? So, we can experience God through blessings, but that doesn't mean that we really know God in a nature change. We can only know God through the process of the new birth. We could get a couple more amens out of that one. Jesus said, "Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God." He cannot enter the kingdom of God. So the new birth is a process of a nature change. Amen. Because there's a lot of people that said, uh, I accept Jesus Christ as my personal savior and I got the new birth. That is not the new birth. That is the beginning of the new birth. Amen. But is that is not the completion of the new birth. That's the beginning. So there's a process and that whole process is part of the new birth. And and when when you get to the end, then you'll see that it's a complete nature change. Amen. And and and we need to that that's the whole motive for this this message today is that we that we we seek God to know him more for more of the nature change. Matthew 24 or Matthew 7 21 Jesus speaking here. Matthew 7 21. Not everyone that saith unto me Lord Lord shall enter the kingdom of heaven but he that doeth the will of my father which is in heaven. So you got professors that say, "I'm a Christian that say,"Lord, I got this personal relationship with you." But there's there's Jesus is making this statement. It doesn't even matter what you say, what you call me Lord. It only matters that you do my will. He's sending that message. And then he says in verse 22, "Many will say unto me, in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in your name, and in thy name cast out devils, and in thy name done many wonderful works?" And then I profess unto them, I never knew I never knew you. Yet, yet they cast out devils. Yet they did many wonderful works. Yet they said, "Lord, Lord," they even went to church, but they didn't know how important it is to make sure that we know God the way we need to know him. We don't want to be part of the many that come to him in that day and say I thought I thought you know you know let me just say it like this there are millions of people going to church today hearing somebody say you know God you know God and they don't know God but because they're telling them they go you feel good that's the place I want want to go. I want to go to the place where they know I know God. I go to the church that tell me who I I know God. I want to go to the church that that shows me whether I know God or not. Amen. Jesus didn't say find a church that tells you that you know God. He says search the scriptures. They tell you whether you know God or not. I don't want Jesus to profess to me that he never knew me. Man can have all kinds of experiences with God and with the Holy Spirit and never enter the kingdom of heaven. It takes the new birth. 2 Corinthians chapter 5:1 16 ex shows us the end of the new birth. these few verses here. 2 Corinthians 5:16, wherefore henceforth, wherefore henceforth know we no man after the flesh. Yay, though we have known Christ after the flesh, yet now henceforth know we him no more. So, okay, right now we're we're in this room and we got bodies, right? We we see one another. We hear one another. We're communicating in this realm. Well, the corporal body of Jesus Christ is not here, but he is here in spirit form. And the only way we can know him in spirit form is by us connecting with him in spirit form. It's it's not through intellect, but it's through heart. heart. If we're interested in a nature change, then God is drawn to you. It's like you're a magnet. That's what I'm looking for. He's searching for those that'll worship him in spirit and truth. He's looking for the person who is interested in a nature change. Amen. Amen. But that's a greater sacrifice because most people would rather sit in church and learn about God intellectually and feel that they know God more. But that'll take you further away from God because God is interested in a relationship. Amen. All right. Verse 17. Therefore, if any man be in Christ, he is very knowledgeable about the Bible. That is not what the scripture says. Therefore, if any man be in Christ, he is a new creature. Praise God. Can you say amen to that? A new creature. And the old things are passed away, and behold, all things are become new. And all things are of God. Now, this is knowing God right here. This is a nature change. This is the new birth. This is the the culmination of the new birth. And all things are of God who have reconciled us to himself by Jesus Christ and is and has given unto us the ministry of reconciliation. And this is this is the beauty when when Christ is so strong in your heart, you just want to share him with others. Yes, sir. The new birth is the only way to enter into heaven. And the new birth is a permanent nature change. Amen. like that word permanent because we've all had a temporary fix, haven't we? Right? I'm going to do this and two weeks later we've not doing it anymore. But when God comes in and he does something in your life, it's real. Most people were not put here to evolve. It's true. Yeah. It's you find this out in in Genesis chapter 3. He that that Jesus said to the woman that I will greatly multiply thy sorrow thy conception and Jesus himself said many go in there at to that Broadway. Few few find the straight gate. Most people were not put here to evolve. That is right. It's true. But they are here to let us know what happens to us if we don't evolve. Amen. We need a nature change. We need to make sure that we're evolving more into the nature of God. Amen. And time is short. It is. I would like to say that all you have to do is come to church and your nature is going to be changed. You're going to become more like a Christian if you come to church. I would like to make that statement, but if I did, I would be a liar. Because if you came to our barn every day, you would turn into a goat or a chicken. So it's not where you go, it's what you put in your heart. Amen. Your heart. So if you come to church with I want God in my heart, then that nature can get changed. So we need to be here with our heart to know God. Amen. All right. 1 Peter chapter 1 verse 22 says, "Seeing you purified your souls in obeying the truth." That's how you do it. In obeying the truth through the spirit unto unfrained love of the brethren. See that you love one another with a pure heart fervently. In other words, let the other person know. Let the other person know. Fervently. Put some heat, some passion behind it. being born again, not of corruptible seed, but incorruptible by the word of God, which liveth and abideth forever. So now we're going to talk about just for a second this born again experience. When we're born again, it's not just us going to other people and saying, "I am born again. God's really in my life. God is really blessing me. Things are really ch, you know, being better for me. I'm I'm I'm I'm just finding that I'm I'm I'm happier now. I think the way we want to describe being born again is that my nature has been changing. I It didn't bother me to fly off the handle because I was just so used to it. Right. But now when it happens, I'm so convicted about it. I'm so convicted about it that I quickly say, "I'm sorry." I actually go into the room, I spend time with God, and I say, "God, help me not to do that no more." Now, this is what it means to have a process of purifying your souls and obeying the truth. And if we exercise that desire, see, because I'm going to say this here, this here is a humble a humble I'm a babe. I need you, Lord. I I can't stop getting upset without you. But this this intellectual, you know, everybody gets upset. I mean, come on. Just like an excuse, like it doesn't matter. and and see so one one is of the intelligence and one is of the heart. God is going to bring a nature change to this person who loves God to love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, with all thy soul, with all thy might. This is who God is after because that's this is the one who's after God. Yes, sir. Right. It's a love affair. God is hidden simplicity and it's about a love affair. I mean, there are people that are going to know this message inside and out and gonna miss the rapture. I hate to say that, but it's the truth. You know, Brother Brandham, they asked Brother Brandham and said, "Will the will the seven seals will the opening of the seventh seal will do something to to to cause us to draw closer to God?" He said, "Absolutely not." No, that is that that to today we have the ability to draw closer to God. Yes, sir. It's all about heart desire. Nothing should need to be said to make us rethink, yeah, I want to be closer to God. Because every single day, God speaks to our heart in some fashion, form or way, and he calls us closer to him. I'm Would you like me to say that again? I will say it again. Every single guy that God speaks to us. Amen. He gives us a chance to draw closer to him. And and if we exercise this, I need you, God. I I want to be more like you. He'll come and give you strength. But if you just intellectually, well, I I just read like 82% of the people, I just read my Bible on Sunday when I go to church. God is calling a bride out of a church. He's calling a people out of a church. And is whomsoever will, let him come. All right. Matthew 22 verse 29. Jesus answered and said, "You do error not knowing the scriptures nor the power of God." Amen. We heir by not knowing the scriptures. That know that's the word that Jesus is telling us. So on the day of judgment when we stand before him and all the people that went to church and they only read certain scriptures, right? John 3:16. He's going to look at them. The blind leading the blind. The scriptures are given to us that we may know that we have salvation. And he told us to search the scriptures. And he's saying here, you do heir not knowing the scriptures. That word heir means roam from safety or truth or virtue. To go astray, to wander, to be out of the way, to be deceived or seduced. The scriptures are the only thing that can tell us that we're right. I don't want to depend on a pope. Even the prophet of this age said, "My words will fail, but his will never fail." Even Paul himself said, "If an angel, if I come preaching any other word than I've already preached, don't listen to me." Amen. If an angel from heaven come preaching anything other than what that word says, don't listen to the angel. We need this word because there's a devil out there trying to deceive us, thinking that we don't have to do anymore. We don't have to give anymore. We don't have to believe anymore. We don't have to give our hearts anymore to God. We we repented. We got baptized. We're saved. That's all that matters. No, that's not all that matters. That doesn't give you a nature change. That is the beginning of your testimony to the world that I've taken a stand for Jesus Christ. Amen. But after that, you got to get up the next day and and die daily. Amen. Prove your love to God. Start your Christian walk. The ne the devil knows the scriptures. He in intellectually believes them. James tells us that he even trembles. The devil believes and trembles. But he's not a new creature. Old things are not passed away. All things are not of God in his life. But yet he believes. So it shows every person that you can believe without changed nature. Amen. And this is scary. It's vital that we know the scriptures through a heart of love. In other words, I love to do what the scriptures say. When I before I really knew God and I heard about like the Ten Commandments, they were like like they were kind of scary to me, right? Like I can imagine like how the children of Israel felt when the Ten Commandments came down. Thou shalt not kill. Whoa. And it was like I'm in trouble if I do any of those. But he said, "I will write my laws in their heart." Amen. God puts a love in our heart to want to do his word. Amen. And it's through the love that you have for God that gives you power to be victorious over those things. Right? We know the scripture that that there there there's there's those people that have a form of godliness, but they deny the power thereof. And so they they can they know intellectually, but they don't have the love to live the life. And I I don't I don't ever want to separate knowing God outside of loving God. They they they they're hand in hand. The the in fact, if we spent more time loving God, we would spend we would we would receive knowing God more. Amen. You know, there are people that read the Bible like a newspaper or a history book or or or the Discovery Channel or or National Geographic and it's like interesting stories, but but there's a missing part an element of of of a love affair that this is really God's love letter to me personally. That's right. and that God will use this word and you've all you've all experienced this reading the Bible and it just jumps out at you like I didn't see that before and I I think God speaking to me that's when he does that he just wants you to walk in that light and as you walk in the light as he's in the light that's when that new you're in the middle of the new birth. Amen. You know, so many people they want to they want to say, "Well, I did this and this and I'm born again. I'm born again. I'm born again." To me, the new birth is a process that happens over a long period of time. And I I believe this. I believe it was happening to Paul after 33 years after it it just didn't stop. Lord, help me to get through this because I want to get to some of these things here. 2 Timothy 3:15. If I don't stay with with my notes, I won't get through them. You know, that's a pretty common thing with me. 2 Timothy 3:15. And that from a child, so this is just how important it is to to have the scriptures and to love them with our lives. And that from a child th has known the holy scriptures from a child which are able to make thee wise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus. The scriptures, the holy scriptures are able to make us wise unto salvation. Right. Now this is much different than some many churches believe. Some churches believe that you just from a child, a a baby or young child, you come and you you sprinkle them and and you you you say a prayer uh over them. you baptize them and you you there automatically saved because you done this thing. In other words, they don't even need to know the scriptures. But the this is telling us, Paul is telling Timothy that from a child thou has known the holy scriptures which are able to make thee wise unto salvation through faith in Jesus Christ. You remember we must believe before we're baptized, right? Yes, sir. Belief must preede baptism. You don't want to get baptized and then believe afterwards. You believe first. And as a little baby, you can't believe. But when you reach the age of accountability, you can believe. You can make a choice. And if you truly truly believe with all your heart, you want to get baptized because that he that believeth and is baptized shall be saved. And he that believeth not shall be damned. Amen. And it's it's if we're going to get quiet, we're just gonna start all over. All right. Verse 16. All scripture is given by inspiration of God. All the scriptures. And is profitable for doctrine. Not only to make thee wise unto salvation, but is profitable for doctrine. Yes, there's doctrine. for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness. Yes. That the man of God may be perfect, thoroughly furnished unto all good works. Oh, that's what I'm that's what I'm pressing into, saints, right there. That's that's what I'm pressing towards. I I I'm pressing in that I may be all that God wants me to be. Amen. Now, the knowledge of the Bible, the scriptures, if it's not taken in love, will only puff a person up. The Bible says that knowledge puffs up. It causes us to feel that we know God when we really don't. But love for the scriptures, love to live the scriptures is is not only able to make us wise unto salvation, but that we can come to the statue of a perfect man that we can become so much in his image that God could use us in so many different ways. Did you ever wish you were talented in a certain area? Like, have you ever wished that that you could cook better? Did you Did you ever wish that you could just hit a home run anytime you got up to bat? Like, no problem. I can do it. We've all wished that we've had more abilities and talents. that I wish I was so talented that I did not have to call the furnace man every time our furnace went down. I just saying it like this. The more of Christ that you can get into your life, the more you can handle problems. Said bec because there is no problem that Christ can't handle. Amen. And the more of his spirit that's in you, the more you can handle the right way. Amen. Turn with me if you would to Philippians chapter 3. And we're going to have to hurry because there's already pages. Oh my my pages. And I'm telling you, pages that we can't get through, right? Paul was a man that was very, very intellectual. He was very smart. He knew the Bible probably better than anybody because he was taught by the best. And Paul was not just somebody that went to school and I I guess I got to be here at school and learn. He had such a hunger to know what the scripture said. And so as he was being taught, he was figuring it out more and more and he he understood more and more. And so he says here in verse four, "Though I might also have confidence in the flesh, if any other man thinkketh that he have whereof he might trust in the flesh, I more." He was circumcised the eighth day of the stock of Israel, of the tribe of Benjamin, a Hebrew of the Hebrews, as touching the law, a Pharisee, concerning zeal. He persecuted the church, touching the righteousness which is of the law. He was considered blameless. He says, ' But what things were gained to me through all that process in my whole life of going to church and learning from Galia and and the best and he said, I those I counted lost for Christ. This is so powerful. It is. Whatever he learned in the Old Testament, he had to relearn through revelation. He wasn't able to take this intellectual conception and make sense with it anymore. Because when we read the Old Testament, it is a type of the new and we should be able to see Jesus Christ in the Old Testament. Yes, sir. And so he had to every all his learning he just had to and I I just you know how much humility that took? He had to literally he had to put all his churches, all the churches he went to, all the seminis, all these DDLs and all these certificates of who I am and that had posted on it. He had to get rid of them all. And you know what he had to do? He had to become a babe. A babe. Lord, I'm depending on you. That's the secret. That's the secret. Yay. Doubtless. And I count all things lost for the excellency of the knowledge of Christ Jesus my Lord. For whom I have suffered the loss. Here it goes again. I have suffered the lost of all things. I do count them but dung that I might win Christ. Amen. The only way that we'll win the revelation of God is by losing ourself by coming to him and saying, "God, I really need you to reveal yourself to me." Amen. And it's through that love of I want to know you that God just simplicity comes. He's hid hid and revealed in simplicity. A love affair. It it cares about our emotions. That's right. You, we could be absolutely sick, not even feeling like it, but if there's a love, I need you. I want you. God will come and be found in him. Not having my own righteousness which is of the law, but that which is through the faith of Christ, the righteousness which is of which is of God by faith. And this is not doesn't stop there. It's a it's a it's a colon. He says that I might know him and the power of his resurrection. the fellowship of his sufferings, being made conformable unto his death. If by any means I might attain to the resurrection of the dead, not as though I've already attained, nor perfect, nor but I follow after that I might apprehend that which also I'm apprehended of Jesus Christ. Brethren, I count not myself to have apprehended, but this one thing I do. I'm forgetting everything in the past, and I'm reaching forth for those things that are before. I'm pressing towards the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus. And let us, as many as be perfect, be thus minded. And if anything be otherwise minded, God shall reveal this even reveal even this unto you. So I'm thinking here that Paul Paul was definitely probably more intelligent in the scriptures uh before his conversion than we all have are right before we were. But he had a little experience with God. A it was a personal experience. God met him alone and had an experience that nobody else had that was with him. And that's why we can sit in church, God could speak to us and nobody else hears it because it's it's it's it's a realness. And and Paul suffered many things. I mean, he was shipwreck. He was stoned. He by giving the gospel out he was persecuted. When you start sharing this nature change with other people, you'll get persecuted, right? It it's just you you can't do there's nothing many uh uh uh they that live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution. The Bible says. Now the thing is this did not stop Paul. Paul never attained, praise God, to the place where he said, "I wrote 14 books of the Bible. I am the messenger to the first church age. I have more revelations than all of you." And you know what? I doubt whether you're going to catch up to me. He never projected that spirit. He projected his spirit as if you know what I'm in a place where I need to know him. I need to know him in the power. He knew him, but he needed he he he needed to know him more because he he felt he hadn't attained. He wasn't where he needed to be that God was calling him to. Amen. And if we could just be sincere with God and come into church and and and be honest, are you where you need to be with God? And are you willing? Are you willing to be courageous enough to want to know God more? Amen. To give your love to God more, to give your heart more to God? because it's through that process that the the nature of that the nature of ourselves can change more into the nature of God. And and I'll tell you what I to be honest with you, every person in the world, every person in the world would love you to act just like Jesus Christ as long as you didn't challenge them. That's the truth. Everybody, I mean, I would love everybody to just lay down their life for me. Just turn the cheek. No matter what I do to them, go the second mile. Everybody would want that. Just don't challenge them. Right there is there's the difference. So, I just say this. By getting our nature changed, you're going to be a blessing to everybody. By this shall all men know you're my disciples. Let's stand together. God bless you. It's time has passed. To know Christ more. Jesus said, "Blessed are you that hunger and thirst after righteousness. I'd say just exercise your your hunger to want to know God more. Sing that little chord like Jesus. To be like Jesus. To be like Jesus. on earth. I love to be like him. All through life's [Music] journey from earth to gloryy. I only ask to be like him. To be like Jesus. to be like Jesus. On earth I long to be like him. All through life's journey from earth to glory. [Music] I only to be like him. Amen. Is that your desire to be like Jesus? To be like Jesus. On earth. I love to be like him. All through life's journey from earth to gloryy, I only have to be like him. [Music] Amen. I want to I want to know you more. [Music] Oh, I want to know you more. Deep within my soul, I want to know you. Oh, I want to know you. To feel your heart and know your mind. Looking in your eyes stirs up within me. cries and say, "I want to know you." Oh, I want to know you more. Oh, I want to know you more. Deep within my soul, I want to know you. Oh, I want to know you. And I will. with my final breath to know you in your death and resurrection. Oh, I want to know you more. Oh, I want to know you more. Oh, I want to know you more. Deep within my soul, I want to know you. Oh, I want to know you to feel your heart and know your mind. Looking in your eyes stirs up within me. Eyes that say I want to know you. Oh, I want to know you more. Oh. Oh, I want to know you more. Deep within my soul, I want to know you. Oh, I want to know you to feel in my final breath to know you in your death and resurrection. Oh, I want to know you more. Oh, I want to know you more. Amen. That's a pretty strong desire. I would give my my final breath. Just to know you more. Amen. Pleasing. Let's sing. Pleasing. Oh, pleasing. Let me be pleasing to you. Let everything that I do be pleasing to you. Praise. Let everything I pursue be pleasing, oh Lord, unto you, pleasing. Let me be pleasing to you. Let everything that I do be pleasing to you. Praying. Let everything I pursue be pleasing, oh Lord, unto you. Amen. Amen. Let's let's go before the Lord in prayer before we enter into the fellowship with the food and just a good time with one another. Every head bowed and every eye closed. Maybe there would be someone here today that says, "I really don't I really don't know. I really don't know God the way that I need to know him. And I know that I need him." You want to be remembered in prayer, just lift up your hand. God bless these hands. God bless these hands. God sees sees your heart. Amen. What a beautiful what a beautiful gesture to God just being honest with him. Anyone else? Anyone else? Amen. Wonder if there would be anyone here today that felt God speaking you to you today. Maybe you haven't been spending as much time in the scriptures as you know God is wanting you to. And today you you you're going to make that decision to spend more time reading the reading the Bible and your home. Amen. God bless you. I'm going to pray for strength for you tonight today. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Let's believe. Let's believe. Father, we thank you for your presence that is presently here. presently here. Lord, you've you spoke to our hearts through song, through through praise, and through the ministry of thy word. You have spoken to us. And now Lord, you are are as it were standing to the side looking to see who will respond to you, who will respond back. And you saw the hands that were lifted. You saw the hearts that were engaged. You see the love inside of us that is desiring to draw closer to you, Lord. Father, I pray for every heart here that is desiring to know you in greater measures to be associated with their brother Paul, the Apostle Paul. What a what a a glorious privilege it is to be his brother with the same spirit. to think about that you chose your 12 disciples and it was a mixed group for sure and even Peter who was very very close to you the one you gave the keys to you knew all along that he didn't have a complete understanding of the new birth but you believed for him and I believe that you are believing for us today Lord And we thank you for seeing us through, Lord. That one day that we will be just like you. Remember the words of Job said, "I will I'll not be satisfied until I wake in his likeness." Lord, we want to be like you. Hear the cry of our heart, the desire that we have. Lord, we want others not to see us, but we want others to see you in us. Lord, I pray for every heart here, Lord, this coming week, Lord, that you would remind them, Lord, to pick up their Bible, to read the scriptures, Lord, that you would speak out of your word to their heart, Lord. And Lord, just show us more what you would have us to do. Lord, bless our precious uh visitors, Lord, that come to to sojourn with us today, Father, to to hear your precious word. Lord, we pray a special blessing upon them, oh God. Lord, may this word continue to open up to their hearts in the days to come. May you bring it to their remembrance. May it unfold and may they see you in a clearer way. May they may they hear you calling them closer to you, Lord Jesus. What a privilege it is to be in your arms. for you said that no no no man can pluck pluck you out of my hands. What a blessing it is to be in your hands Lord to be in your arms. Lord we love you. We love you and we thank you for loving us first. Thank you for your love that you placed in our heart for you and for your word and and for your people, Lord. A love in our heart for your people. Oh, thank you Jesus. God bless our time of fellowship now as we as we spend time with one another. May brotherly love continue. May we just draw closer to one another as we have drawn closer to you. Lord, we thank you for all these things now. We pray them in Jesus Christ's precious name. Amen. Amen. Let's sing that chorus that she's singing playing right now. More of you. More of you. I've had it all. But what I need is just more of you. of things I've had my fill and yet I hunger still empty and bare. Lord, hear our prayer for more of you. More of you. More of you. I've had it all, but what I need is just more of you. Of things I've had my fil. And yet I hunger still empty and bare. Lord, he
