################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-06 - 4.6.25 - Expectations From The Heavenlies - Josh Martin - Josh Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-06
Title:    4.6.25 - Expectations From The Heavenlies - Josh Martin
Speaker:  Josh Martin
Church:   Send The Light Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 1m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zmSjXehg7lk
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Humble yourself. See what God will do. [Applause] Humble yourself before your Lord and King. Give him your heart. There's no man he has. See the God will humble yourself and [Applause] let love his word and his will for his eyes are on the one whose heart is true. So humble yourself and see what God will do. Amen. Humble yourself before your Lord and King. Give him your heart. Offer your air. Amen. There's no lif. So humble yourself. Humble yourself and let him have his way. [Music] Love his word and his will oy. For his eyes are on the one whose heart is true. So humble yourself and see what God will do. Amen. Amen. So that's my testimony. I was talking with uh uh young brother and sister that I know Friday night at brother Johnson's uh showing and and I told him I said you every person every person has a purpose in life. Amen. There's something that God wants you to do. Give him your heart first. Do that. I mean, before you do anything else, give him your heart. Before you get a job, give him your heart. Before you find a wife or a husband, give him your heart. Give him your heart. Give him everything. and then all these other things will be added. So I was telling brother John before service that we we went through we were looking um so brother Johnson and I we've been friends for a long time. He married us in 1976. Um, and we were privileged to bring him to church, the best we can tell, since April of 22. Amen. I didn't realize that it had been that long. Praise the Lord. [Applause] But, but uh, one time we had a long discussion in his driveway and I said, "Well, Brother Johnson," I said, "It's like this." I said, "If this is all God has for me to do right now, I'm happy doing what he wants me to do." See, you know, Brother Brandham said that. He said, "If God only called you to be a housewife, be the best housewife that you can be." You You say, "Oh, I can't do anything for the Lord." He says, "Raise your children. Teach them the ways of the Lord." If you say, "Oh, I can't." You know, you are I I I Don and I were just floored at the effect of just taking somebody to church for just a little while. Yeah. It just it's no big deal. We're just driving by your house every day. What kind of a Christian would I be if I said, "Ah, well, sorry. Can't I don't I got this nice back seat here. I can't pick you up." Give God your heart. Give him everything. And then the Lord will just take care of all the rest. Amen. So I sorry for talking and I promise well I can't promise. I try not to cry during the song service. My wife always says she says don't get him start crying because if he starts crying you can't get him to shut up. And I'm not a crier. I just don't do that. So when I when I do, then it's a bad place. I guess a good place. But let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we're so thankful, Lord, for the testimony that Brother and Sister Johnson have been to all of us over the years. And Lord Jesus, now he's stepped into his new body. He's stepped into those the new place, the place of rest, that place of peace, and we all desire to go there. I just pray that Lord, you'll accept our offerings. You'll accept the songs of our lips. Heavenly Father, you'll just come down and break the bread of life with us, Lord. Anoint our brother as he comes to minister. Give him liberty. And Lord Jesus, let us focus our hearts and our eyes on you, Lord Jesus, for you are the center of our lives. Everything else just dims when we look at you. I just pray that you'll just come and bless the service this morning. We love you and thank you for all things. In Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. I remember the night I got the Holy Ghost. I was up at the altar and I was crying in my nose cuz I have bad sinuses. My nose was running like crazy. And I stopped, got some Kleenex. This brother goes, "What are you doing?" I says, "I can't [Laughter] breathe." And it wasn't long after that, boy, I got a fireball. And it has not stopped. I had one guy tell me one time, he says, "What is wrong with you?" I said, "I got saved. I found out all my sins are washed away and I ain't been right since." Love lifted me. Amen. I was sinking deep in sin, far from the peaceful shore, very deeply stained within, sinking to rise no more. But the master of the sea heard my desparing cry from the water lifted me now safe am I. Love lifted me. Love lifted me when nothing else could help. Love lifted me. Love lifted me. Love lifted me. And nothing else could have love lifted me. All my heart to him I give. Ever to him I'll cling. In his blessed presence live. Ever his praises sing. Love so mighty and so true merits my soul's best song. Faithful loving service to to him [Applause] belongs. Love lifted me. Love lifted me. And nothing else could help. Love lifted me. Love lifted me. Love lifted me. When nothing else could have love lifted me. Souls in danger. Look above. Jesus completely saves. He will lift you by his love out of the angry [Music] waves. He's the master of the sea. P billows his will. Oy. He our savior wants to be be saved today. Love lifted me. Love lifted me when nothing else could help. Love lifted me. Love lifted me. Love lifted me. When nothing else could have love lifted me. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Sunlight. I have sunlight in my soul. Amen. I wondered in the shades of night till Jesus came to me. And with the sunlight of his love all my darkness flee. Sunlight, sunlight in my soul today. Sunlight, sunlight, all along the way. Since the Savior found me, took away my sin. I have had the sunlight of his love within. The clouds may gather in the sky and billows around me spraw. However dark the world may be, I have sunlight in my soul. Sunlight. Sunlight in my soul today. Sunlight. Sunlight all along the way. Since the Savior found me, took away my sin. I have had the sunlight of his love with it. While walking in the light of God, a sweet communion find. I press with holy vigor heart and leave the world behind. Sunlight, sunlight, in my soul today. Sunlight, sunlight, all along the way. Since the savior found me, took away my sin. I have had the sunlight of his love within. I cross the wide extended fields. I journey or the plane. And in his sunlight of his love, I reap the golden grave. Sunlight, sunlight, in my soul today. Sunlight, sunlight, all along the way. Since the savior found me, took away my sin. I have had the sunlight of his love within. Soon I shall see him as he is the light that came to me. Behold the brightness of his face throughout eternity. Sunlight, sunlight in my soul today. Sunlight, sunlight, all along the way. Since the Savior found me, took away my sin. I have had the sunlight of his love within. Sunlight, sunlight in my soul today. Sunlight, sunlight. All along the way, since the Savior found me, took away my sin, I have had the sunlight of love within. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. One of brother Johnson's favorite chorus is I'm going through. He'd be hobbling out of the garage. I said, "Come on, brother Johnson." He says, "I'm going to make it. Lord, I have started to walk in the light shineing upon me from heaven so bright. I made the world and its follyies are due. I've started in Jesus and I'm going through. I'm going through. Yes, I'm going through. I'll pay the price whatever others do. I'll take away with the Lord's despised view. I'm going to Jesus. Yes, I'm going through. Oh, there are many who start in this race but with the light refuse to keep pace. Others accept it because it is new. But not very many expect to go through. I'm going through. Yes, I'm going through. I'll pay the price whatever others do. I'll take the way with the Lord's despise view. I'm going to Jesus. Yes, I'm going through. I'd rather walk with Jesus alone and have for a pillow like Jacob a stone. living each moment with his face in view. Then drink from my pathway and failed to go through. I'm going through. Yes, I'm going through. I'll pay the price whatever others do. I'll take away with the Lord's despised view. I'm going through Jesus. Yes, I'm going to. Oh, brother, now will you take up the cross? Give up the world and count it as trust. Sell all thou hast and give to the poor. Then go through it, Jesus, and those who endure. I'm going through. Yes, I'm going through. I'll pay the price whatever others do. I'll take the way with the Lord despise you. I'm going to Jesus. Yes, I'm going through. I'm going through. Yes, I'm going through. I'll pay the price whatever others do. I'll take the way with the Lord's despise view. I'm going through Jesus. Yes, I'm going through. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. As we take up our prayer requests this morning, let's remember the Johnson family, also Sister Norma, that the Lord will just comfort them and give them wisdom. Let's also remember um Anna Koba, uh Brother Bob, who we've been praying for. He passed away from cancer a week ago. So, let's also remember him. Amen. Sister Lynn for Sister Tasha's gone in her house. Those holes don't get filled easily. Sister Linda Helm says, "Please pray for my friend Gracie Row. Her boyfriend has been abusing her. She needs a place to stay that's safe. She also has children as well that need to be cared for." Amen. Let's also pray for her salvation. Amen. Also pray for sister Linda's health that God will just bless her. Um, brother Ron says, "Please pray for our grandson even or Evan for he's still having seizures. The doctors haven't found out what's causing that, but the great physician knows." Amen. Amen. So, let's all stand together this morning. Let's just join our voices together for these prayer requests. Heavenly Father, I pray Lord Pray more than that. I pray that you Lord that you deliver and I pray that your comfort may just bless those Jesus. Answer every man. You may be seated. The Eastern Gate. Amen. Amen. This was for Brother Johnson. I sang this for him two weeks ago and I could I just started crying. I just But I'm going to meet him there. I will meet you in the morning just inside the eastern gate. There be ready faithful pilgrim. blessed with you. It be too late. I will meet you. I will meet you just inside the stern gate over there. I will meet you. I will meet you. I will meet you in the morning over there. If you hasten off to glory, linger near the eastern gate. For I'm coming in the morning, so you'll not have long to wait. I will meet you. I will meet you just inside the eastern gate. Over there, I will meet you. I will meet you. I will meet you in the morning over there. Keep your lamps all trimmed and [Applause] burning for the bridegroom watch and wait. [Music] will be where thou sat at me day just inside the eastern gate. I will meet you in the morning. I will meet you in the morning just inside the eastern gate over there. I will meet you. I will meet you. I will meet you in the morning over there. Oh, the joys of that glad meeting with the saints who for us wait. What a blessed happy meeting just inside the eastern gate. Praise the Lord. I will meet you. I will meet you just inside the stern gate over there. I will meet you. I will meet you. I will meet you in the morning over there. Keep your lens to him and burning for the bridegroom watch and wait. will be where thus at that m day just inside the eastern gate. I will meet you in the morning. In the morning, just inside the eastern gate over [Music] there in the morning. In the morning I will meet you in the morning over there. Oh the joys of that glad meeting with the saints who for us wait. [Music] What a blessed happy meeting just inside the eastern [Music] gate. I will meet you. I will meet you just inside the stern gate over there. I will meet you. I will meet you. I will meet you in the morning over there. Amen. Amen. Let's all stand together. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. And ask brother Ryan if he'll just pray over the offering. Amen. Sure. Receive your word. you, brother Bruce. God bless you. Appreciate all that brother has done for brother Johnson, sister Johnson, and for all the body of Christ. Amen. I was thinking as we were singing that song I'll meet you in the eastern gate and um thinking about meeting brother Johnson there and then I thought about when he crossed over all the people that came up to him that have gone on before him and saying to him we wouldn't have made it if it would not been for you and I thought all the lights. Every one of them represent a light over there attached to him. As I was sitting there thinking, I thought heaven, who would who would not have someone coming up to them? And I thought to myself, one person who doesn't have anyone coming up to them that's attached to them, and that's the last soul that comes in. In other words, brother instructed by the prophet if we and brother Johnson often if God is lit us if we're saved we're duty bound to go share it with another person. And um the last one is the last one. And I'll just say like, you know, we we we need to be putting our treasures on the other side because one day we're going to all meet at the Eastern Gate. Amen. Amen. We want to have our family there. Amen. Well, we're happy for each and everyone out uh this morning. So good to see brother Ron, Sister Lori back here with us. We've missed you. And brother Marty text he really wanted to be here uh today. He has a friend that wanted to be with his children uh in their church. Uh but it's good that God brought them back safely and just just good to see each and every one of you this morning. Thank you for all your prayers for uh brother Johnson's funeral yesterday. Uh the family really appreciates the church here and the prayers and all that you've done for uh brother Johnson. So God bless you. They really really appreciate you. They love you. And how many is happy to have brother Josh Martin with us today. Amen. Amen. We've been praying for the service. Looking forward to it. And um I just praying that God would help me to be in the spirit that I could catch the word that he has for me. And um I want to be listening with my heart and not my head today. Sing only believe as our brother comes to give us the bread of life today. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Amen. Lord, I believe. Believe all things are possible. Lord, I believe. Lord, I receive. Lord, I receive. [Applause] Lord. Lord I receive. Lord I receive. Are possible. Lord I receive. Only believe. Only believe. Only faith. [Music] Believe. Believe. Believe of faith. [Music] Amen. You happy to be in the house of the Lord this morning? Have you come under an expectation? You know, brother Brandon would say that was the angel of the Lord's favorite song. Only believe. And I believe that's the attitude of the bride is Lord, I believe. No matter how impossible the situation or circumstance may look, I still believe. Amen. And um if you would have your Bibles, let's open our scriptures. I got a few different places. Ephesians 2 and 4, then Ephesians 1 and3 and Luke 2:25. I'd like to say it is an honor to be here again this morning. Uh my family's not with me uh this time. Um that's why I'm wearing a vest this morning. I earned my own shirt and so I figured the vest would cover up all the wrinkles that I missed. And so, uh, I'm telling you what, I have a good wife that irons my clothes. And so, whenever I'm traveling by myself, I definitely miss her, but no, not just because she irons my clothes, but she's a a good companion. Those who travel at all, it's it's boring traveling by yourself. Nobody to talk to and things to keep you awake. And so, the Lord has blessed me with a a wonderful wife that that travels with me. A may I bring greetings from my home church, Brother Wendell Martin and the Saints at New Life Outreach. and their greetings. But Ephesians 2:4, the Bible would say, "But God, who was rich in mercy, for his great love wherewith he loved us, even when we were dead in sins, hath quickened us together with Christ. By grace ye are saved, and hath raised us up together, and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus." Amen. Then Ephesians 1:3, we'll just read one verse out of this. Blessed be the God and father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ. And Luke 2:25, are you thankful for the reading of the word? Amen. Ephesians or Luke 2:25, behold, there was a man in Jerusalem whose name was Simeon. And the same man was just and devout, waiting for the consolation of Israel. And the Holy Ghost was upon him. And it was revealed unto him by the Holy Ghost that he should not see death before he had seen the Lord's Christ. And it came by the spirit unto the and he came by the spirit into the temple when the parents brought in the child Jesus to do for him after the custom of the law. Then he took him up in his arms and blessed God and said,"Lord, now let us thy servant depart in peace according to thy word. For mine eyes have seen thy salvation." Ain't that wonderful? For my eyes have seen thy salvation. Can we bow our heads this morning? Dear gracious heavenly father, Lord, what an honor it is to come into your house one more time, Lord, to feel your presence, God, to just have a freedom of worship, Lord, that we can come and lay aside our burdens and our our trials that we we went through throughout the week, Father. And Lord, as we come into this part of the service, God, as we would break the bread of life, we ask that you would just feel welcome among us, Lord. Just we ask that you would just draw near us, God, and you break the bread, Lord, where not a man is speaking, Father, but it's you speaking, Father, where you you breaking the bread by inspiration. Lord, may your anointing just come so so richly among us, Father. touch the hearts and and touch the needs today. Father, you know every situation, Lord. You know every every problem that is in the building this morning, Lord, and only you can meet it. Father, we ask that you would just feel welcome among us in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. You may be seated this morning, and I just have a simple simple subject, but it would be expectations from the heavenlies. Amen. And brother Brandham would would read Ephesians 1 and would say, "Who has blessed us with all spiritual blessings whereabouts in heavenly places in Christ?" He says, "Heavenly places." Oh, how I wished I had the time. Here, I've got them marked right here in my Bible about heavenly places. What is heavenly places? Heavenly places, just for a moment, is the believer's position in Christ. See, where the believer stands in Christ is heavenly places. And I believe that is something that that God has promised us for today. Not not something in the future where we we might be able to obtain it. You know, brother Brandon would talk about divine healing and would say many people put divine healing in the millennium. He says we won't need it in the millennium because we won't be sick. You know, so I believe that heavenly places, the position for the bride is something right now. I don't believe it's something to come or or something that that that will that that'll take place in the rapture, but I believe a heavenly position is happening right now where the bride can can step into a place and a fellowship with our Lord. And I believe that spiritual blessings is in this place. And and spiritual blessings, I believe, is is more than more than just a nice car and a and a nice house or a good job. We're thankful for those things. And those are the blessings of God. But God never promised us to have a good job. He never promised us. You know, last time I was here, I I just got back from Nicaragua. Many of them don't have electricity. They they they have huts. You know, that the the the churches that we was preaching in didn't have no no AC, no heating, and nothing like that. So, we're thankful for a nice building this morning with AC, with heat, with electricity. But does that mean that the Nicaraguans don't have the spiritual blessings of God? You see, God never promised us uh natural things like electricity. But he did promise us his spiritual blessings. He promised us that we can have healing for a body. He promised us that we can see a rapture. He promised us that we can that we can have all of these things because sometimes we get discouraged whenever we don't have a a lot of money in the bank account and we say, "God, have you forsaken us?" No, you might not have a lot of money in the bank account, but if you've got the spiritual blessings of God, that's what counts. If you've got a revelation of this message, I say we're a blessed people. Oh my, you might not have a lot of material things you can point to, but if you've got a revelation in this hour, you are a blessed people. And brother Brandon would tell us that this position is only for the church. He would say that the this position is not addressed to the world or to the outsider. He would say this is for the church that is in Christ Jesus. So I don't believe it's just the church, but it's the church. It's the called out that has been positioned in Christ Jesus. And the Bible would tell us that we're living in a day of gross darkness. The Bible would tell us that that the the Isaiah 60 and2 for behold darkness shall cover the earth. Right? Gross darkness the people, but the Lord shall arise upon thee, and his glory shall be seen upon thee. So I believe it's talking about two different classes of people. There's gross darkness that is coming upon the earth, not just upon the earth, but upon the people. But then the Bible says, "But the Lord shall arise upon thee, and the glory of the Lord shall be seen upon thee." So it ain't just rising upon the earth, but it's rising upon a people. Gross darkness is not just upon the earth, but it's upon the people. So I believe that that there's got to be a separation take place. I believe we're living amongst gross darkness. But we don't have to be a part of the gross darkness cuz the Bible would tell us there's been what 200,000,000 demons that has been released in this age. And and I don't believe it's spirits that you can see, but it's spirits in another dimension. Now, you might not see angels here, but they are here. You might not see spirits here, but they are here. It's two forces that are combating each other and we're going to fall subject to one of those forces. Right, brother Brown would tell us that it's been good and evil battling back and forth. It was Cain and Abel, Jesus and Judas. It all throughout the Bible. It was good and evil going back and forth. And I believe the gross darkness is an evil spirits that that are trying to come into homes, trying to come come into marriages, come into families, but at the same time, the glory of the Lord has risen upon you. So, we're going to fall subject. We're going to submit oursel to one of these forces. And brother Brandon would tell us that that man wants to look like women and women wants to look like man. It goes to show there's a perversion, a dark spirit hanging over, gross darkness over the people. He was saying in another place and I've come to the spot, I believe that people don't know what they're doing. It comes to the time to where the human being looks uh it looks like becomes such subject to evil. It's a pathetic thing. It seems like there's a shadow of darkness just over the people that is pressing them. Ain't that powerful? He says people has become so subject to evil that that this darkness is is literally pressing against them. And that's what we battle every time we go to work, every time we go to the store. and and I'm sure you're you're a witness of it as well that that you can't even go to Walmart and when you leave there's a heaviness that's over you rather there there's naked women everywhere there there's cursing and and this and that and and it's darkness that is pressing against you trying to make you subject to those spirits but I don't believe that we have to fall subject to the spirits that is pressing against you I don't believe that you have to fall subject object to spirits that is coming against your home, coming against your your family, coming against your children, coming against your marriage. But when the when the enemy comes in like a flood, the spirit of the Lord will rise up a standard against him. And I believe that God has lifted up a message him this generation and would say, "Come out of her, my people." Because there's a separation that has to take place. And the Bible would tell us in Exodus 8:22, "And I will sever in that day the land of Gan in which my people dwell that no swarms of flies shall be there. To the end thou mayest know that I am the Lord in the midst of the earth, and I will put division between my people and thy people." Yeah, I love it cuz that word sever means to be separated, to make separate, to set apart. And so here was Moses pronouncing judgment upon upon Egypt saying, "If you don't let my people go, there's going to be flies that's going to be that is going to come. There's going to be lies. There's going to be frogs. There's going to be all of these plagues. But I'm going to separate my people from thy people." that even though we're in Egypt, we're going to be in a land of Goan. Oh, hallelujah. And even though we are in Leodysa, brother Brand, I'm going say that we've been caught up in a bright age. Right? So even though we're amongst judgment, even though gross darkness is coming against the people, we have been separated into a bride age. But so so our body can be claimed by the glory of the Lord. And brother Brandon he brother Brandon would say this here he would say uh didn't Jesus say in the last days in Matthew 24 and 24 that the two would be so close that it would deceive the very genes the predestinated the elected ones if it was possible almost like the real thing. See, so in the last days, now you see it's wheat time now. It's getting harvest time. This is not Luther's age. This is not the Pentecostal's age. This is the bride age. As Moses called a nation out of a nation, Christ today is calling a church out of a church. You see the same thing in type, taking them to the glorious eternal promised land. So let just like Moses message was calling a nation out of a nation. Brother Brandham's message, this message is calling a bride out of a church. So the bride is fall or the church is falling subject to evil. You can look at all the church world. They're subject to evil. They're smoking like the rest of the world. They're they're cussing. They're they're dressing like the rest of the world. They have fallen subject to evil. But at the same time there has been a message Revelations 18 and4 would say and I heard another voice from heaven saying come out of her my people that ye be no partakers of her sins that ye receive not of her plagues. What was thy voice? It was the message saying come out of her my people that even though you're among the plagues you don't got to partake of them. Oh come on little church. Even when we see that divorces are up on the rampage, you don't have to partake of it. When you see that the the the rebellious teenagers are are going out into the world and and doing this and doing that, we don't have to partake of it. We can say we've been separated by the word of God and we can believe for the supernatural. Oh, hallelujah. You see, brother Brandon would say, passed from death and creed into a living word of the living God. God's only provided plan for his age for for this age. His sons in the word age quickened by the spirit like a spark that's lit off of something to make it alive and seated now in heavenly places. He says in past tense already alive subject to every promise in the word. Then what does that do? You being a part of God, of God's gene, a part of the word, other men a part of God's word, seated together, manifest the entire body of Christ. Ain't that powerful? So once we get caught up into heavenly places, then we we begin to to manifest the body of Jesus Christ. And I believe that's why we are upon earth today. We're not on earth to fall subject to the spirits of the world. We're not on earth to fall subject to lukewarmness and and laxness and formalism. We're not these are spirits of darkness that is pressing against you and you feel it every time you come to church, right? Every time you come to church and and you want to lift up your hands and worship the Lord, there's something that presses you that says, "Nah, you don't feel like it or what's so and so going to think?" You want to say amen to the word of God, but then the spirit presses you and says, "What is this one going to say? Maybe I'll get too loud and and I'll disturb somebody else." It's the spirits of darkness trying to damper you down. Oh my. You see, no brother Brandon would say that you get what you expect, right? You pull out of the minister what you expect. And so whenever you say amen, you're defying the darkness and saying, "God, seat me in heavenly places so that I can see the miraculous." I want to see the miraculous in my life. I know that's your desire as well. I know you want to see the miraculous in this church. You want to see the miraculous in your family, in your children. Well, you can see it whenever you defy the darkness and say, "Lord, catch me up in heavenly places so that I can see the miraculous." Amen. Amen. Oh, you may see how do we get into this heavenly place by the word of God. Oh, hallelujah. As you feed upon the message, Brother Brandon would tell us that we're heavenlies in our souls. Let me try to find that. Brother Brandon would say this here. He says, "Oh, let's stop one more minute here in heavenly places." Now, not just out anywhere, but in heavenly places. We are assembled in heavenly. And then that means that's the position of the believer that if I'm prayed up, you're prayed up, the church is prayed up, we're ready for the message. Oh my. So, you've got something to do as well. Oh, come on now. It's It's not just the preacher being prayed up. It's not just the song leader being prayed up, but if you're prayed up, that when the message does come, oh, when he says we're ready for the message, we have assembled ourselves together as saints, called out, baptized with the Holy Ghost, filled with God's blessings, called elected, set together in heavenly places. We are heavenlies in our souls. Our spirits has brought us into a heavenly atmosphere. He says, "Oh, brother, there you are. A heavenly atmosphere. Oh, what could happen tonight? What could happen tonight if we would be sitting in a heavenly atmosphere?" So, what catches you up in this heavenly atmosphere when you're prayed up, when you're ready to go and as the word comes across the pull pit, comes across your your tape player, across your phone, your your your tablet, whatever it is, and you're ready and that word strikes that soul and then it lifts you up where you're heavenly in your soul. Oh, that's what this message come to do to contact your soul and not your flesh man, not your spirit man. You know, cuz brother Brandon would tell us, and I think I talked about this before last time that we're trium being, right? We're body, we're soul, and we're spirit, right? And brother Brandon would tell us that that that our body has five senses, right? It's taste, it's smell, it's here, it's feel, and and it's tight. Thank you. And then you have the spirit man. But the brand says you've got five senses to the spirit man, right? He says it's the imagination, its reasoning, its conscience, its affection, and its memory. And he says, but then that soul only has two senses, right? It's faith and its doubt. And then he would tell us that your faith rescues you from those five senses. And so your spirit man is still going to reason. It's still going to to remember the things you used to do. It's a it's it's going to your conscience is going to be there. affection is going to be there. But the faith from the soul rescues you. Oh, hallelujah. And what did Malachi 4 come to do? To turn your heart back to the faith of the original fathers. Right? So once there's a faith established in that soul, it rescues you from those five senses that tries to bring you out of the heavenlies and back into an earthly realm. Oh my. How do you get the faith? By the word of God, right? Faith cometh by hearing and hearing the word of God. So, as you feed upon this message, it's building up a faith. It's building up a faith in that soul that is calling you up into a heavenly height where you can believe that all things are possible. Even when you don't see anything different, it's still heavenly in the soul. Oh, come on now. When your situation ain't changing, there is still a faith that is rescuing you from that soul. Oh, hallelujah. Brother Brandon was saying now you you'll be crazy to the world when you do that because you come out of this atmosphere that you're in into another atmosphere. He says when that when you do that, God lifts you up from the world and you live in a heavenly atmosphere. And 11, brother Brandham, he he putting in another place in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. For we claim that we have passed from death unto life by his promise. And we are caught up in a heavenly atmosphere sitting with him right now. And I love it. Brother Brandham, he he he would put heavenly places as an atmosphere. Oh my. You see, sometimes we we fail to realize how important atmosphere is. Come on. Come on. Now, Brother Brandon would say that the things you talk about creates an atmosphere. The things you look at creates an atmosphere. The way you act creates an atmosphere. And he would tell us that we're miniature creators. Right? He would tell us that there's there's some people that you don't like to be around. Right? And he says, "How come?" Because it's the atmosphere that they're creating. But then there's other people that you can go to and and you'll pick up like you like you never left each other. and you and you go to talking. He says it's because it's the atmosphere. Oh my. You see, sometimes it's God trying to call us into heavenly places, but the atmosphere we're creating, oh, come on. It's keeping us earthbound. Oh, I'm preaching now. You remember that little eagle that was in the barnyard and before he can get into the heights, he had to let go of the earth. Amen. Right? Because maybe brother Brandon would tell us that the rest of the chickens were saying, "You're crazy. There's no way you can get up there. What are you doing?" But he would start to flap those wings. And as he would flap those wings, he was defying he was defying the the the the pull of gravity upon his body and then he would get up on the he would get up on the fence, right? He would then would get up on the barn. He would then start to go higher and higher. It did not happen right away. Oh, you see, sometimes the devil gets us discouraged because we don't see things happening right away. But as long as you're feeding upon this message, you're defying the gravity of this earth that is trying to keep you down. You're defying the darkness that is trying to press against you. Oh, and every time you listen to a message, you're flapping those wings and a little higher you go. A little higher you go. And one day, you're going to realize, where am I? I stepped out of this dimension into my body change. That is what this message is doing. It's calling us up higher and higher and higher until we step into our body change. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. But you see, sometimes it's our atmosphere that we create that pulls us down. But you can change your atmosphere. That's right. Come on now. You remember brother Brown? I'm going to talk about the time that he would come home and and his children were screaming. Y'all remember the story? And his wife was crying. She hadn't cooked any any breakfast yet or any any food for the children yet. The dishes wasn't done. The the house was erect. And what would happen? Brother Brandon would walk into that house. And she would say, "Billy, I'm going to lose my mind. I think I'm going crazy." And many housewives sometimes feel that way, right? I know my my my wife feels that way sometimes. My my my children act like their mother and they're crazy sometimes, you know. Now, she I'm the on one as you as you can tell. But but sometimes mothers get that way. But what would brother Brandham do? And I love how Brother Brandham, he he would show that he was human too. That his wife was human, too. His children were human, too. His his home life was humanity. He would walk into that house and and his wife felt like she was going to lose her mind. And what would brother Brandham do? Brother Brandham says he would start to talk to her. And all all the while that he was talking to her, he was praying. He was praying saying, "Lord, she has stood for you." The reason her hair is all gray is because of my ministry. And I'll ask I ask that you would come and and be with her right now. And what would brother Brandham do? Brother Brandham says he would go and start to wash the dishes. He would say, "Honey, I'm going to cook some supper. I see you haven't cooked no supper for the children yet. I'm going to cook supper tonight. And brother Brandham says she would look at him and say, "Billy, you don't know how to cook." And what would he say? Oh, you have not tried my mashed potatoes. You have never tried my potatoes yet. What was he doing? He was not be he was not becoming subject to the darkness. Come on now. He was not falling subject to the darkness that was pressing. Oh, come on, fathers. Come on, mothers. You don't got to fall subject to the darkness, the presses against your home, the presses against your mind, the presses against your children. And what would brother Brandham say? He says, "Then she would come back around smiling." He says, "What happened? I changed the atmosphere." That is somebody that is in heavenly places that refused to be dictated by the darkness of the world. He was among the darkness, but not a part of the darkness. You're among the darkness, but you're not a part of it. Oh, come on now. We are an eagle that has been called for the heights. You're not called to be in darkness. You're called to be in light. Hallelujah. We're heavenlies in our souls. You see, we've been caught up into a place. And and what is so incredible is brother Brandon would tell us that heavenly places is an atmosphere, a heavenly atmosphere. So not just any atmosphere, but it's a heavenly atmosphere. And he would tell us some things that was in this heavenly atmosphere. He was in a prayer line one time and there was a lady that would that would that would come close to him in this prayer line and she would start to cry. And brother Brandham says she realizes there's something different right here. She don't know what it is, but it's the angel of the Lord in this heavenly atmosphere. And so this lady could not could not declare what was there. But there was a prophet that can look into that other dimension that can look into that other atmosphere and declare what was there. Oh, hallelujah. Another time he would say he he he would say good friends in this heavenly atmosphere he says the angels of God are mingling near. Amen. And I love that because we cannot see them naturally. We're dictated by five senses. Right? We're dictated. If you you can't see radio waves here until there's a radio that catches you. Then you can know what is being said. Right? There's pictures going through here. But you can't see them until there there's a phone or a television that brings those pictures from that other dimension into this dimension. And so we we cannot see what's in that other dimension. But there was a prophet that could right where the Brandon would tell us that he he would have to pinch himself sometimes to see if he was here or in a vision. He lived most of his life in that other dimension. He was a prophet. So God would send us somebody that would tell us what was in that heavenly atmosphere. Oh, but but let me say this. But God was not just happy with just a prophet experiencing these things. Cuz brother Brandham then would tell us he would say when by faith when he catches the word it sends him into another dimension. Oh my. So now it's not just us believing or or or saying well brother Brandham says there's angels here but our faith sends us into heavenly places where we believe that those angels are mingling here. Oh my. You see spiritual blessings are in heavenly places. But it's not just good enough for you to say well brother Brandham told us this and brother Brandham told us that. What do you believe? It's got to go from just saying brother Brandon believes it. said, "Do you believe it?" And your faith in the word of God sends you into heavenly places where all the spiritual blessings are at your disposal. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. What else is in heavenly places? Brother Brown, I'm going to tell us. Blessing us with what? Divine healing, fornowledge, revelation, visions, powers, tongues, interpretations, wisdom, knowledge, all the heavenly blessings, joy unspeakable, full of glory, every heart filled with the spirit walking together, sitting together in heavenly places. Not one evil thought among us, not one cigarette smoke, not one short dress, not one this, that, or the other, not one evil thought. Nobody got anything against one another. Everybody speaking in love and harmony. Everybody with one accord in one place. That's spiritual blessings in heavenly places. Your joy, your your your happiness, your peace is in heavenly places. And it's your faith that can usher you into that heavenly atmosphere. Right? Oh, you see those are potentials. You see potentials. And like like brother Brand, I'm going to talk about a about an acorn seed, right? He would say, "If you want a tree and I give you an acorn seed," he says, "When once you plant that," he says it's got to grow. But before you plant it, it's just potentially a tree. He will talk about the apple tree. And we see every bushel of apples is in that apple seed, but you got to plant it first, right? So, it's potentially apples, but it's never manif manifestation of apples until it's planted. You're seeing spiritual blessings are only potentials until you are planted in heavenly places. Amen. Amen. Then it goes from just potentially having a peace to having a revelation of my peace. Oh, you see, I believe that God has not just called us to potentially be the bride of Christ, but he has called us and placed us in heavenly places that we are acting like the bride of Christ. Oh, come on now. We're not beggars saying God, please, please, please, please. But we are the bride of Christ that has been placed in our position. And there's an authority where I'm claiming my children. I'm claiming my body change. I'm claiming a rapture. It is mine. All the spiritual blessings are mine in heavenly places. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. That's your position. Amen. That's who you are. You know, Brother Brand, I'm going to talk about the little cop, right? He would say, "There can be cars flying by at 70 m an hour, and there can be a little cop that weigh hardly anything with with with his hat covering up his eyes." But he says, "Let him step into the street with that little whistle and blow that whistle." And he says, "All of those cars come to a screeching halt." He says, "How come he don't have the power to do it?" But what did he say? He had the authority to do it. He had nothing in his own ability. But he says all of the city was behind him. Oh little church, you might knock the power to to battle spirits, but you've got the authority. All of heavens and earth. What would Jesus say? All of heavens and earth is is behind me. Is that my disposal? But then he would tell you, you speak the word. Whatever you what whatever you say with faith, it'll happen. You speak to the mountain. You say you speak to the tree. You speak just like Adam whenever he was in garden in the garden of Eden. That's why we've been we've been brought back to Oh, my brother Brandon would tell us that the the the the Adam in the Garden of Eden would say if a storm would come, he would say, "Peace, be still." Right? He would say, "Storm, go away." And the storm would go away. If it was too hot, brother Brandham says he would speak to the tree and would say tree be plucked up and planted over here. Right? He says he wasn't running from Leo the lion. He was petting Leo the lion. But once he fell from this position, he says now he's running from the storm. Right now he's running from Leo the lion. He's running from things because he fell from his authority. He fell from his position. But this pride, you see, I don't believe prosperity gospel. Amen. Come on now. I don't believe that we're speaking for a million dollars. Brother Brandon would say whatever God leads your soul to believe. You see, God ain't going to lead your soul to believe for a million dollars. I'm sorry, but God will lead your soul to believe for your healing. Amen. Cuz brother Brandon would say when you speak the word, he says when you ask for healing, he says, "What's your motive and objective?" Right? He says, "What are you going to do with your healing? What are you going to do with your healing or your deliverance? What are you going to do with it? That's we got to we got to run our our requests by your motives and objectives. Well, Brandon, tell us that cuz God ain't going to heal you if you're going to go out and sin, right? God ain't going to heal you if you're going to use that for something else. So, our motive and our objective has to be the right way. Then once we speak the word and our motive is pure for our healing, then watch God bring that miracle. Hallelujah. Oh my. You see, but there potentials until we get into heavenly places. But sometimes that it's it's hard to get into this place, you know, cuz brother Brown, I'm going to say this here. And now to you that's here and you're needing healing for your body. He says, "How many believers are here? Raise your hand. I'm a believer as far as I know my heart and in my in my heart he says how many possesses you know beyond a shadow of doubt that in your heart right now you've been raised from the dead you know oh my what could happen in a meeting like this I know I'm late but what could happen right now just think of what could take place the potentials are laying in you right now amen the potentials are laying in you right now. But brother Brandon would tell us a secret. He would preach in the message pardon and would say the church ought to be a million miles up the road. And he says Christ is waiting for the church to get there. But he and he says the potentials are laying there. But he says something's wrong. You know what he says is wrong? He says we go to rituals. We have our traditions. But he says there's no sincerity. Oh my. You see, sometimes we get to that place. Brother Brand, I'm going to talk about the denominations. He says there's many people coming to the altar. They're giving their heart to Christ, but he says they're chewing their bubble gum, right? He says they're hitting one another and laughing and snickering. He says there's no sincerity. And here the potentials is laying there, but they're not willing to get sincere enough to be caught up in heavenly places. Oh, come on. Now, what brother Brandham say about the third pool? He's got to be more sincere. Right up with a brand of a prophet. How to be more sincere. What about us? We got to be more sincere. It's more than just books and tapes. It's our life. Come on now. It's more than just listening to a sermon. It's my inheritance. You see, brother Brandon would talk about Zakius. And he says, "Sometimes God gets a man to do the ridiculous to see how determined he is to get to Jesus." He would say that. He would talk about Zakius. I'm going say Zakius was a tax collector. You I know a simple story. He was a tax collector, a man of prestige and wealth, but he had a desire to see Jesus. And what I love about the story of Zakius is the Bible said he desired to see Jesus who he was. So he didn't want to just see the body of Jesus. He wanted to see who was inside of that body. And you know what happened? Brother Brandham said that he could not get to Jesus. And so he would come up to a tree and brother Brandham says that would grab a trash can and push it up to that tree, climb on top of that trash can and then would climb the tree. He says God was having Kim to do the ridiculous. Oh. He says sometimes God causes us to do the ridiculous. Come on now. You see sometimes we're not sincere enough to do the ridiculous. Oh, come on now. Hope this is okay this morning. What does that mean? If when we're sincere enough to do the ridiculous, we'll throw things out of our home, right? Oh, I'm preaching now. We'll throw we'll delete things off our phone. We'll delete things off of this. We'll throw clothes away cuz we're sincere enough to do the ridiculous. I want to do what it takes to see the potentials come to manifestation. I don't want to just say, "Thank God for the message. Thank God for healing." But it's only potentials. Come on, you with me now? I don't want to just potentially have these things. I want to see the realities of these things. Oh my. But Brandon, tell us. But that but in order to be persistent, you have to know that what you're after, you can achieve it. And that that is something that really spoke to my heart because sometimes the potentials of God or something that's unachievable. How many's ever thought that before? That I know God can heal, but it's not for me. Sometimes we can have more faith praying for somebody else than for yourself, right? Because you don't think you can achieve it. It's like losing weight. How many's ever been on a diet? You see, and I've lost I've lost about 40 pounds. I started last year around January. And man, I had tried for most of my life. I've always been a pudgy boy, you know, always had to wear the husky the husky jeans, you know, and I've always tried. I always tried to lose weight. But what would happen is I would get motivated. I would say, you know what, I can do this. I'm going to start working out. I'm going to go on a diet. And the first four to five days, I'm motivated until I don't see no results. Right? Then what happens? You tap out mentally. Your mind says you can't achieve it. It's something it's not even worth trying for. So once I started to think I could not achieve it, I'm not going to I'm not I'm not willing to persevere. Right. Right. And sometimes the devil does that to us spiritually. We can't achieve the potentials of God. So why be persevering? Oh, but we need a church that is persevering. Amen. Even when our spirit man, our affection and our reasoning and our memory is saying anything everything else contrary. There's a faith that is perseverant that says, "I'm going to see a revival. I'm going to see my children saved no matter what it cost. No matter if I have to do the ridiculous, I'm perseverant. I'm going to see him. Oh, mighty man. And the story of Zakius is brother Brandham says he would push up a trash can, climb up the tree, and he would come to the fork of the tree. And he says that's where the New Testament and the Old Testament met. And he says right there, he was in position to see Jesus. And what would happen? So once he got up on the fork of the tree, it wasn't him crying Jesus, Jesus. It was now Jesus saying, "Zakayas, Zakayas." So once he was willing to do the ridiculous, then it was Jesus seeking out him. Oh, come on now. Once you're willing to persevere and press into a service and press to get into your prayer closet, press to listen to a tape, press on a Wednesday night whenever your pastor is preaching, then it's Jesus coming your way and says, "Ji, whatever your name is, Aus, I'm coming to your house today." It was a kiss that was willing to persevere. Then the potentials would come into realization, come into reality. Oh man, what would happen next? Cuz Jesus would say, "Zakayas, come down there. Come down from there for I must abide in your house." What does that word abide mean? To take up residence. But Jesus would leave, right? So that mean Jesus lied? No. Cuz remember Zakius wanted to see Jesus in who he was. So the body of Christ left, but the revelation of Jesus abided in that home. Oh, come on now. The we've got brother Brandham's went off the scene. The corporate body of Jesus is no longer upon the earth. But the revelation of who Jesus is has been restored in this generation and it's abiding in every one of your homes. What would happen? The Bible would tell us that Zakius would make all of his wrongs right. Oh, it would start to change him. It would start to change him. Right? It's no longer just potentials. Now it's a revelation. Amen. But the Bible says that he would give back to the ones he done wrong. What was it? The revelation of Jesus would start to change him. And I believe that's what this message is doing. It's changing us. Changing us day by day from glory unto glory that one day we're going to behold him and we're going to look just like him. Hallelujah. It's changing us. You see, it's our expectation. You see, our expectation is from the heavenlies. And and I know I'm going a little bit slow this morning, but our expectation is from the heavenlies. Our expectation ain't from a man. As much as we love our pastor, our expectation ain't no good he can preach. Right? Our expectation is what he's bringing to us. Amen. Oh, come on now. Your expectation ain't in my gift. Your expectation is in the message of the hour. And brother Brandon would tell us, I'm going to use a subject of expectation. He says expectations is usually based upon a faith. You have to have faith before you can expect anything. Oh my. So before you can expect anything, you have to have faith. And brother Brandon, I'm going to continue on. Excuse me. And I've often quoted this that God is obligated to his word. And I like to read just a word or two of it because what I say will fail because I'm a man. But his word cannot fail because it is God. God, if God is ever called on the scene at any time to make a decision and the first decision that God makes has to be the same decision every time. Now, that's where you solemnly base your faith on thus saith the Lord. You must believe it that it's God's word and that's the only hope we have. He says it's on the word of God. Now, God is being infinite and cannot make a mistake. He's perfect. Therefore, all of his promises must be perfect as he is perfect. Amen. My And so, we're not just believing in imaginary God. We're believing in an infinite God that cannot change. He can't change in his ways, in his essence, in his actions, in his word. So, if his word promised us, that's the final say. Oh my. That's why the Bible would say uh or the promises are yay and amen, right? In him is the yay and the amen. The word amen stands for finality, right? It stands for the final say. And so the promises of God or the final say. No matter the condition that's in your body, no matter the doubt and the unbelief that comes against your mind, comes against your spirit man, the final say is the promises of God. And that's where our expectation is. The Bible would tell us in Hebrews 11:6, "But without faith, it is impossible to please him. For he that cometh to God must believe that he is that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him." So before we can seek him, we got to know there's a reward for us. Yes. You know, how many's ever tried potty training their kid? Only a few of you. I'm telling you what, whenever I started potty training my little boy Ethan, he he's three now, you know, and it was the hardest thing to get him potty trained. But you know what we had to do? And man, we had to bribe him. We had to tell him if he poops in the toilet, you'll get a piece of candy, right? And it worked. But then all of a sudden, he had to poop all the time, even when he didn't have to poop. But he knew there's a reward for me. Amen. He knew if I go and I sit on the toilet, there's a reward for me. And that's the way it is with the bride of Christ. We're not just seeking God. We know there's a reward for us. There's something that we can obtain. There's something we can achieve. There's there's something that we can grab a hold of. Amen. The promises of God ain't just potentials. They're realizations, the revelations to us. And and brother Brown, I'm going to talk about talk about Abraham. And I think it is so powerful. He would say that when he would go to the doctor and say, "We're going to have a baby." And then the doctor would look at him and say, "Man, you're crazy." But he says it was his expectation wasn't upon the doctor's word, but upon God's word. And then he would bring it down to you. And he would say, "It's not what do people think." He says, "What do you think? It's not what it's not you growing up the people and saying, "You think I can get my healing? You think I can get this? You think I can get that?" Brother Brandham says that has nothing to do with it. It's not what faith, it's what do you think. Oh, come on now. It's not what does everybody else think. Can you have a can you make a rapture? It's what do you think? You see, because the Bible the Bible would tell us that that it's faith that pleases God. So, it's it's not what I can do. It's not how good I can live, how good I can be, how many messages I can listen to. That's not that's not what it ain't actions, right? That was why Luther Luther came out. The just shall live by faith, right? It's not stuff I can do. It's my faith that can be built up. Right. Cuz if you listen out of if you listen to the messages out of duty, it's never going to build faith. Right. Right. But if you're listening to the message out of sincerity, that builds up a faith. And you remember whenever the whenever the the the the the the man would come to Jesus in the Bible and this little boy, his kid was possessed with the spirit, right? Right. And the Bible says that this man, this boy, the spirit would throw him into the fire, throw him into the water, would would throw rip his clothes off, would throw him here and there. And the Bible says that this father would come up to Jesus and would say in Mark 9:22 and often times they cast him into the fire and into the waters to destroy him. But if thou canst do anything, have compassion and help us. And Jesus said unto him, "If thou can't believe, all things are possible to him that believeth." So Jesus didn't look at him and said, "You got to follow my ministry for a year. You got to go back and you got to listen to the sermon on the mount. You got to do this. You you got to you got to give to the poor. No, he didn't say your actions is going to bring the these potentials. He says you believing amen. You believing is going to bring these potentials. And look at the sincerity of this man. This man would stop and would see, I believe, but help my unbelief. Oh, hallelujah. And I know that's our desire. Lord, I believe, but sometimes I get weak. Sometimes I get weary. Sometimes the circumstances, the darkness just battles me and presses against me. Lord, I believe, but help my unbelief. Lord, I have not lost my faith, but I'm discouraged. I have not lost my faith, but I'm weary in mind. I'm weary in body. That don't do away with you. Come on now. This man says, "I believe, but yet there's some doubt that is pressed in against me. Help my unbelief." Amen. Sometimes we get to that point, we get weary. We get tired, but it's okay. Just cry out to God, Lord, I believe. But help my unbelief. Amen. And what I love about the story is the Bible's telling us here that this man comes to Jesus and says, "If you can do anything, just have compassion on me. just have compassion. And brother Brandham would tell us, you remember whenever Jesus would would would go out to the pull of Bethesda, right? And brother Brandham says that that that Jesus walked by the lame, walked by the the the halt and the and the blind and the deaf and the crippled. He walked by all of these individuals and would go to a man that was only tired. You remember that, brother Brown would say that this man could walk, he could talk, he could get around, but he was just weary. He says he was weary and he said brother Brand or Jesus would come up to this man and would raise him would would would say pick up your bed and walk. Brother Brandham says you would think Jesus full of compassion would go to everybody else too. You remember brother Brandham saying that brother Brandham says many people mistake compassion for human sympathy. He says human compassion is different from God's compassion. He says what was the compassion of Jesus to do the will of the father. Amen. So here would come Jesus. Here would come this man to Jesus saying, "Have compassion on me. Give me human sympathy." Oh, hallelujah. Give me some sympathy. Just make me feel better. But Jesus wasn't going to give him sympathy. He was going to give him the will of the father, which was for that boy to be delivered. Come on now. We have not got God's sympathy in this generation. We got an open book. Wake up the will of the father that says if you can believe all things are possible. If you can only believe all of heaven is backing you up. Oh, I believe that the witness of heaven has been opened up and the blessings of God can shower down upon a congregation. Can shower down upon a a household if you can only believe. We have not got sympathy. We have gotten the will of the father. Oh, I just love that. Give me give me some sympathy. And Jesus says, "If you can only believe, all things are possible." If you can only believe. And brother Brandon tell us that the hardest thing to do is to get the people in an atmosphere of believing. Cuz how come that's a hard thing to do? Cuz once you get in an atmosphere of believing, then all the potentials of heaven are for you to grab a hold of. So that's why the devil fights you so hard is to get in that atmosphere of believing. You remember that the the the when brother Brown was preaching I believe in Mexico I believe or or maybe in Arizona and there was a a young lady that her baby had died right and she was trying to get to brother Brandham trying to get to brother Brandham and brother Brandham he would stop everybody and would say does she have a prayer card they say no she don't got a prayer card and brother Brandham would would look to Jack Moore and would say you go pray for her she don't know the difference right now remember that you go pray for her she won't know the difference and as brother Jack was going making his way to go pray for her. There'd be a vision, right? The brother Brandham would see a vision and it was a baby that was dead. And as he would pray for that baby, it would come back to life. Oh my. Then what would brother Brandham say? He would say, "Stop. Bring that baby to me." And brother Brandham says, "There wasn't 300 ushers that could keep that girl from getting to that platform." What was it? There was a vision. Amen. Amen. There was a vision that was spoke over her baby's life. All she had to do was be perseverant. Oh, you may say, "What are you talking about, brother Josh?" There's no vision being looked over me. Sometimes we think that I wish I was in brother Brandham's meeting so that I can get into the prayer line. He can look over my life and and pronounce me healed, pronounced me delivered. How many has ever thought that before? If I could only be with Jesus and he can discern me, you know, but that you see the word is the discerning, right? What would Hebrews tell us? That the word is powerful, quick, strong, and what is it? It's a discerner. It's the word that can discern. And we're thankful for brother Brandham. He was a prophet, but the word can still discern. Come on now. We don't got a prophet today, but we still got the word. That's what happens whenever you're sitting in a service like this morning and the word's coming across and something strikes that heart and you say, "That's for me." What is the word that is discerning? Amen. Oh, hallelujah. You see, I just a quick testimony. I was I was preaching in North Carolina a few months ago and and I I was preaching on heaviness and and I read a quote that brother Brandon was in a prayer line and he was he would speak to this lady and was say, "You've got two two shadows over you." And he says, "It's heaviness that is over you and it's because you wanted a baby." And he says, "You've had two miscarriages. He's discerning her life." and and would say he had two miscarriages and this this heaviness has come over you because of these miscarriages. You know, brother Brown, he he would he would talk to her and he would pronounce her delivered and and and we had a prayer line after that service after that that service. And in that prayer line, there would come up a lady that would say, "Brother Josh, I've had heaviness for a long time, and I didn't realize what it was. And whenever you was reading that quote, that's me. I had a miscarriage and that's where my heaviness came from. You see, I'm not a prophet, but there's a word that I can quote, that I can preach. And that same word that we discerned back in the 60s, we begin to discern that girl's life and she could be delivered. Oh, that's what we do when we preach the message of the hour. Preach this word. It's a discernment over your life that you can say, "That's for me. That's what I need to be healed. That's what I need to be encouraged. That's what I need to be be delivered and filled with the Holy Ghost. Amen. The word is still a discerner. Oh, hallelujah. The word or my sister-in-law there in Ohio and uh she she she had a she had a condition in her body because of of having one of her children, I believe, and she was listening to a message. And brother Brown, he he's in a prayer line and he stops and he calls out a condition and he says, "You're made well of that. You're healed of it." And that was the same condition that my sister-in-law was struggling with. You know what she would do right there? She would say, "That's for me." And right there, God would heal her body. So the same word that discerned in that prayer line is still discerning today. Amen. Oh, that's what this message is all about. To bring out the potentials in you. Hallelujah. To bring out the potentials. You see, it's not a church. It's not just some church that has the authority of the word of God. The word of God can bring forth the same results anywhere you put it. Brother Brandham, I talked about the acorn tree. I I mentioned a few a few things about it earlier. Brother Brandham says if you want a tree, he says you can plant that seed in the south just like you can't in the north. And he says it'll bring forth the same results. So it don't matter if it's in the north or in the south. If it's the same seed, it'll bring forth the same results. Cuz sometimes we think, man, if I was only in that one's church, if I was only over here or maybe in this one's church, I can see the power of God. No, it's not a church that dictates it. It's your faith. Oh, no. that your faith in the word of God that plants that seed in your life and then your expectations bring forth the same results. Hallelujah. You say because sometimes we we we get offended at God and and our ground is not fertile like it should be because the Bible would tell us that the were a field right whether Brandon or Jesus would talk about the parable of sewer and would say a man would go and he would plant the seed some fell by the wayside. Some fell on stony ground. Some fell over here. Some fell over there. And as it started to grow up, this year choked it out. This had no roots over here because the the the the ground was stony. And then Jesus would would come down to one point. And and I think this is incredible in Matthew 13 and 20. But he that received this received the seed in the stony places. The same is he that heareth the word and and and and anod with joy received it. Yet he not he hath no root in himself but endureth for a while. For when tribulation or persecution ariseth because of the word he is offended. My you see sometimes we get to that place that our our our ground is fertile and the word of God falls in it but we get offended at the word because of things we're going through. Amen. How many's ever been there? Brother Brandon would talk about the John the Baptist and would say that there's many people there's more people offended at Jesus than any other man that's ever been alive. He says everybody gets offended at Jesus. And it was John the Baptist that would say that would send his disciples to Jesus and would say are you the one or we to look after another. What was it? John the Baptist he he become offended at Jesus because here he was standing for the word's sake. Standing saying the Messiah is here. Behold the lamb of God that taketh away the sin of the world. And now he's in prison. And what would happen? Now he's starting to doubt. Oh my church, don't get to this place. He's starting to doubt that Jesus is Jesus is now the Messiah. He's doubting that thing. How come? Because of his offense. Oh, hallelujah. But how would Jesus deal with this offense? And I love it because here he sends his disciples to Jesus. And what would Jesus turn around and tell the disciples? Brother Brandon, I love it. Brother Brandon, I'm going to put it. He didn't send the disciples back with with literature on how to be good in prison. He didn't tell go tell John to act this way and to straighten up. Of course, I'm the Messiah. But what would Jesus tell the disciples? Go tell John what you do see, what you do hear. The blind receive their sight. The deaf are hearing that the poor have the gospel minister to them. In other words, the same word before the offense is the same word after the offense. Hallelujah. The offense never changes God. Oh, come on now. Your offense towards the word never changes the word. Changes your expectation. Oh, but Jesus, what would Jesus do? He would turn around and say, "What come you to see?" Right? He would start to speak of John. And what I love about it is even though John was looking at Jesus a different way, now Jesus never seen John differently. He would say John's a prophet. There's never been a man greater than John. So even though uh John was offended at Jesus and begin to look at him different, it did not change the way God seen John. Oh, and sometimes we get offended and we get we get doubt and and we get discouraged and we look at the word differently. But that does not change the way the word sees you. Come on now. You might be offended, saying, "God's forsaken me. God's left me. God's not hearing my prayer." But the word still sees you. Hallelujah. God's still looking at you as the bride of Christ. And the potentials are still laying there. Amen. Oh my. The word has not changed, but our offense can change our expectations sometimes. Oh my. Her offense can change your expectation and it's so incredible because it was strong at the Jordan River that would say behold the lamb of God right that taketh away the sin of the world. He was there when the pillar of fire you know when the dove would come upon him and would say behold my my behold my son in whom I'm well pleased to dwell. John was there all of that time but because of the hardships. Oh how many's ever been there before? I've been there where I know this message is true. I know God's alive, but because of hardships, because of circumstances, because of the darkness that is pressing against me, pressing against my mind, pressing against my family. But sometimes you just get discouraged and you say, "God, have you changed? Have your word concerning me changed? Have you forgot about me? Am I really not your bride? Have I done something wrong?" And your Jesus is saying he's still a prophet, right? What have you come out to see? A reed shaken in the wind, right? He was starting to speak to them that John is still the same in my sight. And let me say this, that you're still the same in God's sight. No matter what you go through, no matter the discouragements, no matter the conditions, just be seated in heavenly places and be led by that spirit. Because brother Brown, he he would preach and he would he would use uh John or Simeon in many different places and and I'll bring this down to a close here in a few minutes. He would use Simeon in many messages expectation led of the spirit being led by God. He would use him in many places. And I love it because here John the the Bible says that the Holy Ghost would would reveal to Simeon that he was to see the Lord's Christ. Right? So it wasn't Simeon just coming up with us in his own own accord, but it was the Holy Ghost and then the Holy Ghost would lead him. My go then John the Bible uh Simeon sorry Simeon was sitting there. Brother Brandham would say that the spirit of the Lord would then speak to Simeon and would say get up and start walking. He would say where am I walking to? He says it don't matter just keep walking. And what is incredible brother Brandon I'm going to make a statement. He would say that Simeon had a right to expect it because it was revealed to him by the Holy Ghost and he God had a reason to reveal it. Amen. So once God would reveal to Simeon that he was to see the Lord's Christ, he then had a right to expect it. Amen. Come on now. And if the promises of God are revealed to you, you've got a right to expect it. Amen. But all we got to do is be led by the spirit of God. And and here by brother Brandham, he he would talk about Simeon and how he was being led by God, being led by the spirit of God. And that would lead him straight to the promised child. And the Bible would tell us that the sons of God are led by the spirit of God. Brother Brandham, I'm going to talk about John. I'm going say when John in Revelations, he would say, I was in the spirit on the Lord's day. Brother Brandham says he got into the spirit and was transported into the Lord's day. And what would John say? And I heard a voice behind me saying, "I'm Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending." What was it? Once John got into the spirit, got into the right atmosphere, he then was transported to the Lord's day that he then would come back with the testimony. He's the alpha, am the omega, the beginning, and the end. You see, that's what happens when you get into the right atmosphere. You get transported into the realities of the almighty God. And you come back with the testimony. He's Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. He's the alpha and the omega, the beginning, and the ending. It was John getting in the spirit and then the revelations. Brother Brandham says that's how all those revelations would come to John was him getting into the spirit. And then he says, "Now, in order for us to receive those revelations, we got to get into the spirit." That's right. Oh, what is it? We're getting into the right atmosphere. And the same things that John saw, we begin to see. He's the alpha, the omega. Brother Brandon was saying, whenever you get into the spirit, you'll go to seeing things. When you get into the spirit, oh my. When you get into the spirit, you'll go to you you'll start seeing things. It's it's not you hallucinating, but it's you looking into the realities of God and seeing that the promises are yay and amen. He's the alpha and he's the omega. Hallelujah. You go to seeing those things. Not just the prophet seeing them. But Brandon says you'll start seeing them. You'll start seeing the potentials are for me. You remember the story of the aunt Jamael and and I was listening to it this morning. And brother Brandham says he was coming from Dallas, I believe. And he says there was a storm that would ground his plane there in Memphis, right? And little did brother Brandham know that the reason his his plane was grounded was because there was a woman that was praying. And what I love about the story is brother Brandham was saved this boy, we all know the story, this boy had a had a sickness and and it was from him sinning. I believe a public disease I think brother Brandham would put it I think. And it wasn't he, this boy was not sick because he was a good boy. He was sick because he was a sinner. He was out doing things he shouldn't be doing. And still the promises of God was so real to this woman that she would believe even when her s her son was a sinner. Oh my. That's what we need some more of as parents. That the promises of God does not change. No matter the condition of my loved ones, no matter the condition of my body, no matter the condition of my mind, the promises of God are still true. Oh my. She would begin to pray. And I think it's incredible because here the plane would get grounded and brother Brandon would get up the next morning. He had some mail he was going to go put at the post office, right? And he was walking and the spirit of the Lord says, "Keep on walking. Keep on walking." Right? And he would then go and he he would go into the post office. He would go into a restaurant, I believe. And the spirit of the Lord would say, "Turn around and go that way, right?" And he was walking and he would say, "Lord, is that you telling me this? Is that you?" And he was walking. And then there was a woman, right? Brother says, "The answer would say, "Morning Parson." Brother Brandon would stop and would say, "How you doing, auntie? How did you know I was a parson?" And she would say, "Well, you see, I'm a Shunomite woman." And he says, "You're my Elijah." Amen. And what is incredible is the reason brother Brandham is being led is being led to her doorstep was because she got into the spirit and begin to see things right cuz brother Brandham says a at 3:00 that morning the previous morning while brother Brandham was laying in bed she was she was interceding she was praying and she was telling Mr. Brother Brandon and we see I was praying at 3:00 this morning and I fell asleep and I had a dream that you're my Elijah and you was when you came by my way. So as she was praying, as she got into the spirit, she then would begin to see things. She would see her Elijah coming by her way. So when brother Brandham got up that morning and was being led, it was her answer coming to her doorstep. Amen. Hallelujah. And that's what a preacher does when he gets up and preaches and you're in the spirit and God reveals to you that you can have a certain thing. The preacher gets up and starts to preach. It's your answer coming to your doorstep. Amen. It's your breakthrough coming to your family. It's the deliverance coming to your marriage, coming to your children, coming to the church. It's because you're led to believe it. Amen. You're got into the spirit. It's not you just saying, "God, I want this. I want that." No, you got into the spirit and then he gave you an expectation that you've got a right to expect it. Hallelujah. And what would happen? And brother Brandon would say, "Well, you got, you know, he he she would tell him what's going on." And he would say, "Well, I pray for the sick. You want me to come and pray for him?" She said, "I don't know about that. All I know is you're my Elijah." She she did not care that he prayed for the sick. God did not show her that. But he did show her that that was her Elijah. And as he would go into the home, brother Brandham says he had been in king's palaces, right? He had been in mansions and never felt more at home than that little hut. He says he would walk in and would see a see a sign that says, "God bless this home." Right? And brother Brandon says she would begin to pray. She would lay her hands on that boy and would begin to pray. And he says that he knew that she had prayed before. He knew she prayed before. He says she would wipe the tears and say, "Okay, Parson, now it's your turn." And why would Brother Brandon pray? Brother Brham would pray this. Uh, let me find a quote. He would say, and I said, "I will pray now, Anthony. I'll put my hands over on his feet." I said, "Lord, I don't know what to say. Is this why you made me miss my plane?" to come down here to pray for this woman's boy. If it is, oh Lord, let it be known that your God and you respect her prayers and her sincerity. Ain't that incredible that it ain't brother Brandon praying over the boy, he's saying you respect her prayers. You respect her sincerity. How come she was led to believe it? Oh, little church, we're led to believe these things. How come you believe for a rapture? You're led to believe it. How come you believe that your lost loved ones can come home? Because you're led to believe it. You've got the sincerity. And as you pray, the gates of heaven will be open up. Why? That you can see it. Well, that's my promise. That's for me. You remember the story of the little girl that that was blind from Memphis. And brother Brown says that and it's and it's incredible a period of time there because brother Brown he would go into the ambulance, right, and would pray for that woman that was dead. God would raise her up and he was trying to get back into the into the sanctuary and as he would come out of that ambulance he was pushing, right? And he was pushing through everybody and he says he hit a man and the man says, "Hey, quit pushing." Y'all remember that? And brother Brandham says he pushed again. He was trying to get there and he and the man says, "I said stop pushing." And brother Brandham says he looked at the man. He was a big old man and he had a knife and he was whittling on something. And brother Brandham says, "Man, I stopped pushing." And he says, "Then I heard a little cry saying, "Daddy, daddy, daddy." I remember that. And it was a little girl. And brother Brandham would say, "Surely somebody's going to help that girl." And he says, "Well, maybe I can help her. Maybe the Lord will hear will heal her." He seemed that she was blind. And brother Brandham said, "I started to work my way to her." Oh, I love it. and and and you can look you can look it up. Brother Brandham says that she would start to come. Brother Brandham says he positioned himself that she would bump into him. Oh, hallelujah. And all the while this girl is saying, "Daddy, daddy." And everywhere she would go, brother Brandon would walk that way until she would bump into him and she would say, "Excuse me, sir." And he and she would say, "Can you help me find my daddy?" And brother Brandham would look at her and say, "Where are you from?" She was saying, "I'm from Memphis." Brother Brandham says, "I looked over and I seen the van, the buses that said Memphis, and he said, "I could have got her there easy, but I wanted God to heal her." Oh, hallelujah. So, Brother Brandham starts to talk to her, right? I know y'all know the story. And she and he would say, "What are you doing here?" She would say, "We're here to see the healer." And he she would say, "I heard on the radio that there was a blind man just like me that was healed." And he showed it by the scripture. But I thought, my goodness, that's her expectation. Not just that he could be that he was healed, but the scripture backed it up. So her expectation was a scriptural expectation. And brother Brandham says, "No, you don't believe that's true." She says, "Oh yes, I do. I believe it's true. Can you just help me find my daddy?" And he was saying, "We're living in a a day of technology. Don't you think the doctors can help you?" Brother Rand says, "I was testing her faith." Yeah. Don't you think the doctors can help you? And she says, "Sir, I've been to all the doctors. Nobody can help me. I've been to that doctor, this doctor, but if I can only get to the healer, brother Brandham says, you don't believe that." And she would say, "Let me tell you what, sir. You get me to the healer, I'll find my own daddy." Hallelujah. Brother Brandham says, "I'm not." And he, Brother Brandham, I say, "Suppose I'm the one you're looking for." Brother Brandham says she grabbed a hold of him and would not let him go. And he would say, "Honey, I'm not the healer, but I am brother Brandon. I preach that God can heal." And she would grab a hold of that coat. Brother Brandham says he she would not let him go. And he was trying to get her right hand, right? Trying to get a hold of her with her right with his right hand. And she could not get a hold of her cuz she was hanging on so tight. Amen. Well, the Brandham says, "Just let go of me, honey, so that I can grab a hold of your hand." She says, "Oh no, I am not letting you go." Brother Random says, "Okay, grab a hold of me with your right hand. I'll grab your left hand." She said, "Okay." She grabbed a hold of him. And she would even look at her and say, "Honey, if you believe it, I'm going to pray for you and close your eyes." And this is what is so incredible to me. He would say, "Close your eyes. And whenever you feel something rising up in your heart, open your eyes." You see, that was not all upon brother Brandon. It was a pulsation of faith for her. It seems she had something to do. She had to believe. And as he was praying for it, brother Brandham says she opened up her eyes and would say, "Is that the sun? Is that the trees? Is that this? What was it?" When she felt the pulsation of faith start to rise up, she would open her eyes and her expectation would become a reality. Oh my. That's what's going to happen one day. We're going to wake up for the last time, fight our last man, my mind mind battle, fight the last spirit, and then we're going to step into eternity. Our expectation is going to be made a reality. Amen. But it was brother Brandon that would would look at her and would would position himself for her to bump into him. And that's the way it is with God. Whenever you come to church, sometimes we we seem confused. Now, dear brother Brandon, I'm not I'm not doing that at all. But sometimes God positioned himself maybe behind a preacher. And when a preacher starts to preach, it's him bumping into you. The promises of God bumping into you. And it's the end. You're bumping into the healer. You're bumping into the encourager. You're bumping into your joy. You're bumping into your peace. Amen. And right there, God can give it to you. Let our musicians come tonight. Hallelujah. Amen. Brother Brandham would say and and believe ye that I am able to do this. And 50, brother Brandham say every which way she was going, I'll make myself get right in her way. And finally, she bumped into me and she said, "Excuse me, sir." He would position himself that she would bump into him. And I believe that God is leading us. And brother Brandham would would would talk about uh uh uh would talk about the blind Anna. And brother Brandham says no matter her condition that she was in, she was standing at the right place. And brother Brandham says that the Holy Ghost would lead her through the crowd would lead her by air. She would not she wouldn't bump into nobody, but that spirit of God would lead her all the way to the G to to the Christ, lead her to Jesus. And brother Brandham says that's the same spirit that is leading us. He would he would say, "And here she would come winding her way through there." And now if the Holy Spirit could wind that old blind woman around all those people to get to him, how much more can I wind you around these streets tonight? Oh, hallelujah. If the same spirit that raised up Christ from the dead dwelleth in you, it'll also quicken your mortal body. It's not a different spirit. It's not a different promise. It's the same spirit. And where the spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty. That's what we got in this generation. a quickening power, an anointed word, not just word, not just spirit, but an anointed word. The two coming together, the mechanics and the dynamics coming inside of a vessel, coming inside of a body. Amen. Let's bow our heads this morning. Dear gracious heavenly father, Lord, I know I took a little long this morning, but Lord, these what what was upon my heart. Lord, we're being led. Lord, I believe we're we've been seated into heavenly places and we're led to believe these things. The spiritual blessings of God are at our disposal if we can only believe. Lord, I believe it's more than just human sympathy. It's not your sympathy. And you I hope they're good enough. I hope they can do it. But Lord, you've given us your will, your word, saying we can be good enough. And maybe there's some here tonight that's like John the Baptist that is offended because of the hardships. Lord, may you strengthen them, Father. Strengthen their faith. Encourage their faith, Lord. Lord, may the weak say, "I am strong." Lord, and as we leave this place, may they say, "I bumped into you. I bumped into my encouragement. I bump into my my hope and my peace, my satisfaction. I bumped into you, Lord. I believe every time we come to church, every time we listen to a message, listen to a tape, Lord. It's you positioning yourself for us to bump into you. And Lord, may we keep walking, Lord. I know we get tired sometimes, but Lord, may we keep walking in Jesus name. Amen. This ain't time to give up and lay down on the feet. you know, this is the time to keep walking. And brother Brandon would talk about Simeon and would keep and the spirit of the Lord would keep telling him, "Keep on walking. Keep on walking." Then he would come to the end of that message and I'm going to say, "You in the wheelchair, you may say, how am I going to get out of this wheelchair?" He says, "I don't know. Just start walking." Amen. How am I going to get my healing? He says, "I don't know. Just start walking." Oh my. You may say, "How am I going to make a rapture?" I don't know. Just keep walking. Amen. This ain't time to lay down in the in offenses and discouragement and hardships and say, "God, why did you forsake me?" Just keep walking. Brother Brandham says he'll take care of the rest when you keep walking. Can we sing that song? Uh, it's amazing grace. Amen. Amazing grace, sweet the sound. A rich like me. I once was lost, but now we all stand this morning. was blind, but now life was [Music] grace. God bless you this morning. We turn it to our pastor. [Music] souls and I have already come. His grace have brought me safe and grace will lead me home. We been there 10,000 years. When shineing as the sun, we know the days to sing God's praise. And when we first began, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise [Applause] God. Amen. It is no secret what God could do. If anyone wants special prayer, we just welcome you to come forward as we sing that. It is no secret. It is no secret what God can do. What he's done for other he'll do for you. With arms wide open, he'll pardon you. It is no secret.
