################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-14 - 20250813 - The Token Life Pt 76 -The Mystery, Finished Pt 1 - Bro Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-08-14
Title:    20250813 - The Token Life Pt 76 -The Mystery, Finished Pt 1 - Bro Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 32m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pKWQZ8DpLKk
========================================

Description:
Scriptures & Quotes:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1HiAxpzrtKb4SSLNrKHJL37eOA-kBncwv/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. N. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Oh, hey. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Let's stand. God still moves. God still moves in the house. his people. God still moves my he nor does he slumber. My God still moves. Amen. Our God still moves. Oh, God still moves. God still moves in the hearts of his people. out still move. He does not sleep. Oh, thank you, Lord. Nor does he slumber. My God still moves. Our God still moves my glory. God still moves. God still moves in the heart of his people. God still moves. He does not sleep, nor does he slumber. My God still moves. Our God still moves. Amen. Let's sing that one. 1168 for every answered prayer. [Music] for every answered prayer. For always being there, the love that hears us when we call home. Oh, arms that lift us when we fall. You have always been right beside us, leading us all along the way. We made it through, man. Because of you, here we are lifting our hands to you. Here we are giving you thanks for all you do. And as we praise and worship your holy name, you are here dwelling within our praise. For days we cannot see. for all that's yet to be. The trials we may have to face when we'll be leaning on your grace. It will be your strength that guides us. Your love that makes us strong. And through it all, we'll sing this song. Here we are. [Music] Lifting our hands to you. Here we are giving you thanks for all you do. and as we praise [Music] and worship your holy name. You are here, dwelling with thee. Our praise, cuz here we are. Lifting our hands to you. Thank you, Lord. Glory to your name. We are giving you thanks for all you do. And as we praise and worship your holy name, [Music] you are king. Tell him with thee our praise [Applause] for every answered prayer. And for always been there for love that heals us when we call for arms that lift us when we fall. You have always been right beside us, leading us all along the way. We made it through. Amen. Thank you, Lord, because of you. Oh, here we are lifting our hands to you. Here we are giving you thanks for all you do. And as we praise and worship your holy name. Amen. Hallelujah. You are here [Music] well and with thee I pray. Amen. I want to welcome everyone here this evening. Want to welcome the Dulie family here. Good to see you guys again. Um we're going to sing verse two again and going to ask brother Jim to open prayer. We want to continue to keep these wildfires in prayer. Obviously, there's a lot of people affected and already a lot of property loss and uh it's a lot of stress, you know, for people that are close to these fires. And so, we just want to pray that it comes to a comes to a close real soon. And we just thank God for his grace. I know last night I was looking listening to uh Eddie Shear and he was saying the humidity was supposed to go down and that wasn't good. And uh this morning I looked at it and it was up. It was 68% versus 51% yesterday. So, uh, praise the Lord. You know, it was not what was supposed to happen. So, uh, I'm sure it all helped today. I want to continue to keep the Snow family in prayer as they lo mourn the loss of brother Albert Sher Piery just continue to hold her up in prayer. Uh, those not here this evening traveling on vacation just God's grace and safety for them. I want to continue to keep Marilyn Taylor in prayer and with the shingles. Also, I spoke with her today and her she asked for prayer for her grandson who's going through a difficult time. Adam Taylor, named after her son, Adam. Uh, Brother Dale, I want to keep continue to keep him in prayer. Sister Lorie Snow, brother David's prayer requests, and Sister Cordella, Brother Nelson Jr., I want to bring grace to him and his needs. Uh let's sing this second verse again and brother Jim will have you open in prayer. For days we cannot see. For all that's yet to be. [Music] the trials we may have to face when we'll be leaning on your grace. It will be your strength that guides us. Your love that makes us strong. [Music] Yeah. Through it all, man. We sing this song. Oh, here we are. Lifting our hands to you. Here we are [Music] giving you thanks for all you do. And as we praise and worship your holy name. You are here. &gt;&gt; God still moves. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. We saw him move here last year on the 5th of July. Amen. And we didn't know that was going to go south on us, but God moved on our behalf. And uh we're able to stand here again today. Amen. All the needs that's been mentioned, we just lay them at the foot of the cross tonight. Amen. God bless you, brother Gerald. Sister Betty, nice to see you again. Amen. Praise God. Wonderful to have an opportunity to come together and worship him in spirit and in truth. Amen. Let's just bow our heads and gracious heavenly father Lord we're so grateful Lord so thankful Lord and just to be able to worship you tonight Lord and Lord we hear the songs that have been sung Lord and not just songs Lord but they're part of our everyday walk Lord and they're part of your grace and mercy that you bestow upon us each and every today. Father, we thank you, Lord. Lord, we remember the needs be before us this evening, Lord Jesus, and each one that's been written down and spoken out by our brother, Lord. And Lord, uh the wildfires and all those things, the people that are in harm's way, Lord, Father God, we just lay them at your mercy tonight, Lord Jesus. Each one, Father, that you will come by, Lord. You're the one, Lord, that can hold the winds. Lord, you hold it by your hand, by your word, Lord. Lord, we just ask you to come by and speak to each need tonight, Lord, according to your divine presence. be with the speaker of the of your word tonight also Lord Brother John Lord and just you would be with him be with us Lord to have ears to hear what you would have us to hear this evening from your word Lord we love you and we thank you and appreciate you for all your work of grace and salvation in our lives now in Jesus Christ's name amen Sing number 714. We bring the sacrifice of praise. [Music] We bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the Lord. We bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the Lord. And we offer up to you the sacrificees of thanksgiving. We offer up to you the sacrificees of praise. We bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the Lord. We bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the Lord. And we offer up to you the sacrificees of thanksgiving. We offer up to you the sacrificees of praise. One more time. Oh, we bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the Lord. We bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the Lord. And we offer up to you the sacrificees of thanksgiving. We offer out to you the sacriice of praise. Amen. Let's sing uh number um number 1247, worthy is the lamb. We're going to sing this and um Sister Flo has a special this evening. [Music] Thank you for the cross, Lord. Thank you for the price you made. Bearing all my sin and shame in love you came and gave amazing grace. Thank you for this love, Lord man. Thank you for the nail pierce and wash me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know your forgiveness and embrace worthy is a lamb seated on the throne. We crown you now with many crowns. You reign victorious [Laughter] high and lifted up. Jesus, son of God. The treasure of heaven. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. [Music] [Music] Through so many ders. ers and toils of this life I have already come. But he keeps on giving the grace and the strength to just keep pressing on. He's given a promise. And I'm going to stand on every word his holy word has said and holding his hand. I'll never fear whatever lies ahead. I'm going to make it. He's already said that I would. And I'll keep on trusting that he's working everything for my good. [Music] He walks beside me and heaven is in my view. Oh, I'm going to make it through. In spite of the good intentions I've had, sometimes my strength can fail. And though I have tried the very best that I could, my weaknesses prevailed. But it's then I remember the promise he made that in my weakness he is strong. And that's when I know whatever may come, his steady hand, it will lead me on. I'm going to make it. He's already said that I would. I'll keep on trusting that he's working everything for my good. He walks beside me and heaven is in my view. Oh, I'm going to make make it through. And he walks beside me. And heaven is in my view. Oh, I'm going to make it. He said I'd make it. I'm going to make it through. [Music] And thank you sister for that. Absolutely beautiful. Let's sing. Uh 10:27 Ba land. Let's stand. [Music] I'm kind of fool sick for a country to which I've never been before. No sad goodbyes will there be spoken man for time won't me to anymore you the land I'm longing for for you and someday [Music] only I'll And there my hope shall be eternal. Pew the land. sweep you love the land. I'm looking now across the river to where my faith will end inside. Thank you, Lord. It's just a few more days to labor, man. And then I take my heavenly life of you. The land I'm longing for you. And someday only I stand there. My hope shall be turn you the land. Sweep you the land. I'm kind of home sick for a country to which I've never [Applause] been before. Your sad goodbyes. Will there be spoken? For time won't matter anymore. you the land I'm longing for you. And someday [Music] only I'll stand there. My home shall be turn the land. Sweep you the land. across the river to bear my faith [Music] shall end inside. Oh, there's just a few more days to labor and then I'll take my heavenly I you want and someday I'll be There my hope shall be in the land. Sweet land. &gt;&gt; Amen. Lord Jesus. Lord, surely if there's one thing that's becoming more clear every day, it's that this is not our home. Lord, as a song says, we're just a passing through. We're pilgrims and strangers. Lord, we don't fit in. Lord, we're looking for a city whose builder and maker is God. And Lord, we're coming in tonight, Lord, just to draw us one step higher, one step closer to that day, Lord, when these bodies will be changed, Lord. When our spirit will be fully united with you, Lord, to go to a city, Lord, to go to a place, Lord, a marriage supper of the lamb, Lord, and dwell with you, Lord, in peace and rest. And you'll wipe away every tear, Lord. You'll take away every hurt and pain that we've gone through here, Lord. It'll be worth it all then. But Lord, we've got to separate ourselves here tonight today. Lord, we've got to set our eyes a little higher. Lord, lift up our eyes, Lord, for our redemption is drawing nigh. So Lord, we pray you help us to get our eyes centered on you once again tonight. Lord, may we just feast on your word, Lord. May it place us in our proper position. Lord, may it build us up. May it strengthen us, encourage us, Lord. Correct us where we have need of it tonight, Lord. Pray that we'd be able to see ourselves through your eyes, through your word, Lord, in what's coming tonight. We pray. Lord, bless your people now. We ask in Jesus Christ's name we pray it. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Turn if you would to Psalms the 132nd chapter, Psalms 132. And it's what a switch we have here tonight. We had so many people missing and the right side was the strong side and we only had five on the left side and then today we've got almost all the pews full on the left side and the right side is failing us again. So, but amen. We're glad to see each one that's here. Good to have brother Matt, sister Amber and the family back looking refreshed and happy and satisfied. Amen. Good to have them back. And then we've got Brother Jim Douly and the whole family there. Amen. Good to see each one of you there. Sister Florence, that was very Your special was special. Now I can show you written hard printed on my notes from yesterday the song I'm going to make it in the key of F number 1263. Now I'll tell you this. God does all things for purpose. Children of God, sons of God are led by the spirit of God. You know, I was just reading in I can read it for you here this right now. I was reading in 1 Chronicles and it's talking about the priests and it says now in 2 or 1 Chronicles 25 it says moreover David and the captains of the host separated to the service of the sons of Asaf and He-Man and Jedithan who should prophesy with harps and sultteries and symbols. In other words, there were there were people set aside to prophesy through music. You that sing, you that play, you are not just musicians. You're a part of the ministry. Not women preachers. I never said that. But you are a part of the ministry that God has placed to edify the people. Amen. So, God bless you, Sister Florence, Sister Patricia for doing that tonight. There are no things done just by happen stance or I like this song or maybe the people will like it. It's the spirit of God that's leading us to do it. And I had never heard those verses before. It was just beautiful. Amen. So, I wanted to say how much I appreciate that. God bless you. And it just fit right into the scriptures I've been reading even this very morning and the the one of the songs I plan to sing at the end of service. So, very thankful for that. Amen. God bless you each one. Good to see you with us. Good to see brother Kingsley back with us as well. Amen. Wanted to mention that of course as you all know our camp meeting our our our family camp has been cancelled because the camp has uh firefighters staying there and I guess they've decided that preserving all of our homes is more important than us getting spiritual food in due season. So we're going to transition to having just regular uh special meetings this next weekend. So we'll have no service next Wednesday, but we'll have services Friday night, Saturday night, and Sunday morning. We'll definitely have the fellowship on Sunday afternoon. And I think we may have the brunch on Saturday morning as well. Brother Aaron Oglesby will be here of course to preach for us. So just remember those in prayer. We will still have some visitors coming from New Brunswick and PEI in these different places. Um so let's just come prepared. Amen. For fellowship to hear the preaching of the word to see the spirit of God move in our midst. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Psalms 132 and verse 13 says this. For the Lord had chosen Zion. He had desired it for his habitation. This is my rest forever. Here will I dwell for I have desired it. Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats. And we're in the closing stretches of our series. We've been preaching this series on the Holy Ghost, the token life. And I want to start what I think is going to be the last stretch or the last thought of this series. And it's I want to take a title this evening of the mystery finished. Amen. and we're starting to develop uh the the final thoughts on what the the the Holy Ghost life is, what the purpose of the Holy Spirit is in our life. And I want to start at the very beginning of the scriptures to develop this thought this evening. We'll build it up today as a a foundation, and we'll flesh it out through the coming weeks, the Lord willing, as we close out this series. And I hope it's been a blessing to you. We've been 76 uh services on this. Amen. Trusting we've learned something. We've grown. We've seen God do more things in our life than we've seen before. Amen. But I want to take us back to the beginning. Remember, Genesis is the seed chapter and then Revelation is the harvest chapter. So, we're going to see it in Genesis. So, we can see it in Revelation. We won't get to Revelation tonight. It'll take us a few services to get there, but I want us to see what we're preaching about here on this finished mystery. The mystery finished from the book of Genesis. And it says, "And the Lord God caused to sleep a deep sleep to fall upon Adam, and he slept. And he took one of his ribs and closed up the flesh instead thereof. And the rib which the Lord God had taken from man, made he a woman, and brought her unto the man. And Adam said, "This is now bone of my bones and flesh of my flesh. She shall be called woman because she was taken out of man." He says, "Therefore shall a man leave his mother, his father, and his mother, and shall cleave unto his wife, and they shall be one flesh." So, the reason I'm reading this this evening is to set the principle, and that's that the woman comes from the man. Amen. She is not a separate creature. She's not a separate species, but she was a part of him. She was taken from him. She was built from the same things he's made of. She's got the same building blocks that he has. Yes, she looks different. She's got a different body. Her manifestation is different than his. Okay, let's put our spiritual thinking caps on this evening. Let's wake up. She looks different than he is, but yet she's made of the exact same things that he's made of. Her body looks different. Her voice is different. There are things and ways that she does that maybe don't match up to the way the man does, but yet she is still him. Amen. She's still a part of him. She's an expression of him in the original creation that was perfect. Amen. You see where we're going tonight? Now, catch this, church. She was always there. She was always in him. She was always a part of him. But she didn't always know it. She had no awareness. She had no idea. Amen. She was not aware of the the fact that she was a part of him, the elements of him because she did not have a body or the breath of life to give her that awareness. Amen. She didn't have a body with that mind. Amen. But she was always a part of him, but she was not manifested in a way that gave her that consciousness. She was built into him to start and then she was taken out of him as a secondary expression of that man. And Adam says she will be called woman. She doesn't get a name of her own. Amen. She doesn't get a de an identity of her own. She gets a definition. She gets a definition. Her very identity is tied to her origin. Her very defining attributes are tied to who she came from. She has no identity except through the person she came out of. Amen. He was Adam. She was Mrs. Adam. She was not Eve. church. Now, you'll see the prophet time to he'll call him Adam and Eve because afterwards she got a name. After the fall, she got a name of her own, but under her original condition, under perfect creation, she had no identity except for his name. Amen. Can you catch that this evening? His name was her name. And that's the principle that's been set forth now in Genesis. And it's a perfect type of Christ and the bride. Adam was made in the image of God. So what God did with Adam, what God took out of Adam is the same as what God did with and through Christ. And God said it was not good for Adam to dwell alone. And that was a reflection of God's own desire. See, what wasn't good for Adam wasn't good for God. And therefore, what was good for Adam was good for God because Adam is in the image of God. He's the son of God. Amen. And so God says, Adam needs somebody. Why? Adam needs fellowship. Adam needs companionship. Adam needs family. Why? Because that's what God wanted. It's the reflection of God inside of Adam. Amen. We know that because that's what God produced. God produced his own desire through Adam. That was the expression. Amen. Brother Bram says this. He says, "God wanted fellowship." Now, when God made man in the beginning to fellowship with him, then this man was in perfect fellowship in the Garden of Eden. He was in perfect fellowship with God. And how it must have been on that day when God would come down in the cool of the evening and call Adam and he and Eve would come up. They would worship God. They would fellowship and commune one with the other. He says that's the very thing that calls us together like this sitting together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus fellowshipping in the Holy Spirit. He says there's no difference in us. You're drawing nigh to the one that is just like you. There's no big eyes and little 's. There's no ministry in everyone else. We're all one. Amen. We're all built from the same DNA. We've got the same building blocks. We've got the same origin. He says there's no difference in us. We are all one in Christ Jesus in that perfect harmony of fellowship. He says, "There's nothing like it I've ever found on earth is to come together in heavenly places and have communion, fellowship with God and with each other." He says, "Now, that's what God intended in the Garden of Eden." Isn't that the most wonderful thing? When you get real fellowship with brothers and sisters of Christ, that's the most wonderful thing. Under the preaching of the word, when you have special meetings, when everybody's sitting together and eating food afterwards, there's no other people I'd rather be than the people of God. I mean, that's the greatest time that you can have. Why? Because we're cut from the same cloth. We identify with each other. We might have different shapes and voices and these different things, but we recognize in each other. We come from the same place. That's our unifying factor. I don't like brother Jim because he's a good guy. I like brother Jim because he's a son of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. He happens to be a good guy and I'm glad for that. But our identity, our unity with each other is because we come from the same source. And that means when things get tough, that's the things that keep us together anyways. Is we recognize that's a child of God that's walking this road beside us. Amen. But we see this mystery that's been shown there in Eden, but it didn't really get to a place where it could show the full breadth of God's master plan and intention because sin came down and it separated mankind from God and it cut the whole thing short. If mankind hadn't sinned there, it would have just moved on and on and it would have produced children of God, one big family of God, united under the word of God, and we would have had the perfect time. It would have been the perfection that we're going to see at the end of all this. Amen. That was the ultimate goal of God was a family like that that was just like him. But when sin broke that, then things went downhill in a hurry. Amen. And we saw that the the the the sons of God looked on the daughters of men and saw how good-looking they were and they married into them and it created a completely messed up race. And that's where we are today. Amen. We might think we come from great families or great homes or great Christian heritage, but there's nothing special in this flesh church. in the in in the in the flesh. We're all serpent seed. We all come from a mixed race. Amen. But we're all exactly the same. We're broken, fallen creatures of time. That's what this flesh is here. Amen. And that's just a reflection of 6,000 years of this world of sin. What we see here tonight, the good, the bad, and the ugly, that's just a reflection of sin. This is Satan's design that we're seeing here now today. That's what we see is the brokenness of what Satan did when he mixed in that with what God had intended. But church, it hasn't stopped God. It hasn't stopped God. Amen. Because his word is still working to produce exactly what he intended, what he thought, what he declared before time began. Now, we spoke last service about this great mystery revealing. And that's really what we're going to focus on for these next few services. And when we roll through 4,000 years of from Eden to Christ, we see people that were called by God. We see people that were used by God, protected by God, given great ministries and signs and wonders. But then we come to the word made flesh in Christ Jesus. And he would say these beautiful words that we read last service. He says, "If you abide in me and my words abide in you," that's a condition. If and then he says, "Then you shall ask what you will and it shall be done unto you." Church, I don't know if there's a more beautiful promise to the human race than this, that if you abide in me and my words abide in you, you can ask anything you want and you'll get it. But you have to understand what all of this means together. Amen. Because we read in Genesis 2 that a man was supposed to leave what he had and cleave unto his wife. And in doing so, they would become one flesh. And that phrase one flesh means one body. They would become one body. Together they would reveal the name, the attributes, the preferences, the nature, the character of the man. That's under the perfect union. Amen. The woman gave a further revelation of who Adam was. &gt;&gt; Absolutely she did. She was a further revelation of Adam. See, Adam can't have a a female voice and a male voice simultaneously. And today, if a man has a female voice in a male body, what do we say? He's light in his loafers. Something's wrong there. He's not meant to be that. But she could be feminine and soft and swoopy and beautiful and all these different things that he couldn't express simultaneously. So, she was a greater she was a she was an extended revelation of that man. Amen. And so, when that woman was produced, then she was showing something that couldn't be seen before. It was something that couldn't be revealed before. Now she was with him in spirit. Remember what the scripture says. It says in the image of God created he him. &gt;&gt; So she was with him in spirit. There she was in him in his original body. Amen. And then she was made flesh. She was expressed in a body of her own. The scripture says in the image of God create he him. Male and female created he them. She was an outside expression of what was inside of him. Now brothers, whether we like it or not, today our wives are an expression of ourselves. Amen. My wife and I are Mr. and Mrs. Jonathan Kurlet. That's the identity that we have. She was born with another name. Amen. She was born seemingly in a different heritage. But when she married me, she realized who she really was. She thought she was a navis. She thought she had Mexican heritage. She thought she was an American. All come to realize she was a white German Canadian. That was her origin. Now, we're speaking in type because the thing is this flesh is all messed up. But spiritually, that's what she is. She is a part of me. And she didn't know it. And I didn't know it. Amen. Now, notice this. She's not all of me, but everything she is is me. Let me say that again. She's not all of me, but everything that she is is me. Why? Because she came out of me. She's not everything I am, but everything she is came from me. Therefore, everything she is is me. Amen. That's the spiritual view of our marriage. That's what God thinks of our marriage. Remember what Jesus said, what God had joined, let no man put us under. Why? Because it's a it's a it's a spiritual union. It's not just flesh. It's something that God has ordained for each of us. Amen. This flesh part is all messed up. Hers and mine both. That's why she could be Mexican and I can be German and we can still be in union. That part's all messed up. That's why we need a new body is cuz that's messed up. But spiritually, in a soul realm, in a spiritual realm, we are compatible. We come from the same source. She is me and I am her in those sense. Amen. But what is it in this life? It takes a bit of time for us to realize who we belong to, who we're a part of in this life. That's why Paul said we have to love our wives as our own bodies. He said, "He who loves his wife loves himself." Amen. That's about as clear as you can make it, church brothers. If we're unhappy with our wives, it's because we aren't loving them as much as we love ourselves. We're not giving them the same time, the same attention maybe that we allow for ourselves. We'll do so much to make ourselves feel good and be good and have success and accomplish things, but what about our wives? If she doesn't do it, we're disappointed. But are we giving her all the time and attention and money and focus that we give ourselves to be successful? Remember, if we're unhappy with her, it's a reflection of our failure because we lead, we help, we we we drive these things in our lives. Amen. We're supposed to see their success as our own. That means we're also supposed to see their failure as our own. Are we willing to do that as husbands tonight? To say when she fails, I failed because I'm here to make sure she doesn't. It means I failed someplace. Amen. That's a that's a a perspective that will shift our response. Shift our response when things don't quite go the way we think, won't it? Is that when she fails, I failed because she's under my headship. She's under my direction. But now Jesus Christ comes along, the second Adam, the image of God, the fullness of God. Everything of God is in him. And he's God revealed in flesh. And he says these words. He says, "If you abide in me," he says, "And my words abide in you. You shall ask what you will and it'll be done unto you." That word abide there means if you continue, if you dwell, if you endure, if you remain, if you stay, if you tarry, I want us to see something here. He says we've got to stay with him. We've got to abide with him. We've got to be where he is. That means we don't go in and come out and go in and come out. It means we go in and we stay in. He's a tiepost to us. Where he is, we are. Amen. That's what abiding is. That's that's what the new birth is, church, is abiding with Christ. 1 Corinthians 12, by one spirit we're baptized into the body. That means once we're in, we don't come out. Church, baptism doesn't allow us to go back to the old life. The real baptism doesn't allow us to do it. That one's dead. You can't go back to that which is dead. So, when you're baptized into the body, you can't go back to the old life. It's dead. You're into a new body. You're in it, and you can't go out of it. Amen. We're there forever. But he says, "You got to abide in me." But then he says, not only that, but my words have to abide in you. The word has to be in residence in our life. Amen. This isn't just something where we would reference it from time to time. Do you catch what I'm saying? This is not just a a little thing we look up now and again when we can't resolve something. This is supposed to be in resonance in our mind, not something that's flitting through our mind occasionally. The word is called the bread of life for a reason. You're supposed to eat it and eat it and eat it and eat it. And the goal is to get you so full of the word that when something else comes your way, you say, "I can't eat that. I'm full." Not only that, but I've got a taste. I've got a holy man's taste now. And that doesn't attract me. I'm full, but I've got a different taste that's been developed based on the food than I've been eating. Amen. We have to abide in Christ, but the word has to abide in us as well. Remember what Jesus said, John 14. He says, "Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more, but you see me. And because I live, you shall live also. And at that day you shall know that I am in my father and you are in me and I in you. Church, here's the revelation here. The word was with God. Amen. It was in God's mind. The word was God. The God stepped into his word being revealed as Jesus Christ. And now he shows us that we were in Christ as well. I'm in him. He's in me. And you're in me as well. There's all of us in there. Amen. What reveals this mystery? What's going to show them what that looks like? He says, "At that day, you shall know what that's when they'd realize he'd come back to them." He's pointing ahead to the day of Pentecost when the spirit of God would be poured out and they'd recognize it's Jesus Christ come down again. Why? Because he would reveal himself the same way he did when he was with them. Amen. That's the confirmation that he was coming back. But what's the reality of that event? What does that look like daytoday? Verse 21 says, "He that hath my commandments, those that have his word, those that have his will." He says, "It's he that hath my commandments and keepeth them." Amen. We're not just hearers only, but we're doers of the word. He says, "He it is that loveth me, and he that loveth me shall be loved of my father, and I will love him, and will manifest myself to him." The reality of Christ is the baptism of the Holy Spirit in his people. And in doing so, they will have his commandments. They'll have his word. And the spirit of God in them will help them to keep his word. That's the only way you can do it is by the spirit of God living inside of you. Amen. That's the proof of their love for him is that they receive his word and they keep his word. And then what happens after that? He says, "If you do that, I will love you and I will manifest myself to you." Now, that's a pretty big thought for us to grasp on a Wednesday evening when we've worked and we've drove and we've had fires all around us and all these things going on for us to sit here and grasp that Christ is going to manifest himself to us. But that's what we're preaching. That's what the Holy Ghost is, is the manifestation of Christ in you. Amen. But we consider this whole picture. We must abide in him. We've got to live with him. We've got to be with him. We must be where he is. We must be united with him. And his word must abide in us. It has to, church. These are not negotiable. You can't have one and not the other. They both have to be together. It's spirit and truth. That's the only way it works is spirit and truth together. Now, the first part, if I was to say this, the first part, we must abide in him. That's the kicker. Because sometimes we feel like we come and go. I do. I don't know. I don't always feel like the great overcomer, do I? I don't think you do either. There's days where you feel less like a Christian, and there's days where you feel more like a Christian. And you say, "Well, was I abiding in Christ more today when I was feeling great about it than yesterday when I wasn't? Am I closer? Am I farther? Am I in? Am I out?" That's the kicker for the believers to recognize when you're in Christ, it has nothing to do with how you're feeling that day. But I want us to step back. Amen. Because to abide with Christ, to be in the same residence, to be in unity according to the scriptural principles requires that we're in a marriage. You can't stay in a house with another man unless you've got a marriage certificate. That's what the holy union is. That's the only way biblically that you can do that. Biblical unity is only through marriage. The two have to become one. And that's under the sanctity of the marriage covenant that was given us in Genesis 2. That's the original type that we read about. But let's look at this from the eternal perspective tonight because that's what'll settle our hearts. If we can see it from the eternal, then time doesn't matter. If it's settled in eternity, then what happens today and tomorrow doesn't really c it really doesn't come into the equation because the eternal is what really matters. Church, remember, when a young woman gets married, she realizes how special she is. And I'm trying to get you to see tonight how special you all are. Listen, if Sister Justine were to get married in the next year and she has a young man and he is handsome, he's tall. He's fit. He's got a house. He's got a car for her and a car for him. He's got a good job. He's got a good church. He's got a good reputation. He's spiritual. He's got the Holy Ghost. How would she be feeling about herself? Would she be over in a chair? I want you to I want you to picture that young man. She's doing it right now. I can see the smile on her face. You get a man like that, would she be over in the corner saying, "Oh my goodness, I am such a loser." What do you think? What would you think of that, Sister Becky? What would you think if you had a man like that come your way? You know what you'd think? You'd think you were the greatest ever. Cuz you're looking at who picked you and you say, "Great men don't pick bad women." Great men pick great women cuz they can. Cuz they won't settle for less. Amen. When a great man says, "Will you marry me?" You're a reflection of the greatness he sees in himself. Great men only marry great women. Great men don't marry bad women, church. Otherwise, they're not great men. So, when a woman is asked to be married by a man that has everything that she could ever imagine, that ought to tell her how special she is. that to tell her how much he thinks of her, how much he regards her. How great are the attributes that she has regardless of what she thinks of herself. She might think she's got a big nose or fat ankles or thin hair, whatever it might be. But to her, to him, he says, "She is the only one that I can see that I want." Amen. Listen to this. This is our opening scripture. For the Lord hath chosen Zion. He had desired it for his habitation. This is my rest forever. Here will I dwell. He says, for I have desired it. Now remember in the scripture, Zion always represents who? The bride. It's always the bride. But I want you to take a look at how Zion started out. Do you remember what Zion was before it was Zion? Zion was Jibus. Jibus was a city on a hill, a fortress on a hill filled with Jebusites. It was never conquered in the days of Joshua. Joshua left it for the people of that area to conquer and they never conquered it. So, it's filled with Canaanites. It's filled with the world. It's filled with idolatry. It's filled with all sorts of filth. But then what happens is King David comes along and there's this fortress in there that nobody can take. And they say, "Listen, we could put the the people in the wheelchairs and the people on crutches on our on our on our city uh walls and you still couldn't take it." And David said, "Watch me." He says, "Whoever can open this place up for me," he says, "you'll command my armies." And what happened is Joab went in and he climbed up the water shaft and he went in, he opened the gates and they went in, they conquered it. That's how they got in there. Amen. David built outward from that city, from Zion. And today, that city is Jerusalem. The city of Jerusalem started out as Jibus, which became the city of David, which is Zion. It was a fortress on a hill. But then they built outwards and outwards from that and eventually built an outer wall from it. Amen. They become one today. Zion and Jerusalem are the same thing today. But in God's eyes, they are different. Zion is the bride and Jerusalem is the Jewish remnant. Okay? So, there's a distinction in God's eyes. God didn't say Jerusalem. He says Zion. Now, we're going to see new Jerusalem, which is what? The original Zion. That's what comes back a little bit later. But, amen. The scripture says God has chosen Zion. Let's put it in. The Lord had chosen his bride. He had desired it for his habitation. He wants to live with her. He wants to rest with her forever. He says, "And here I'm going to dwell." Why? Because I have desired it. But church, you've got to realize the woman that he desires, when we look at her today, we might say she's full of idolatry. She's full of worldliness. She's filthy. She's dirty. She's messing around in this. She's messing around with that. That does not matter. Why? Because I have chosen Zion. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. You got to see a church through his eyes. Not through your eyes. Through eternity. Before you did right, before you did wrong, before you looked to him, before you rejected him, before you did anything, I have chosen Zion. That's what we're preaching tonight. He chose us. Amen. In other words, church, God's going to get what he wants. Hallelujah. when you're what he wants. That's the most wonderful scripture you can read. He had desired me. Guess what's he going to get me? He's going to get me. Come hell or high water. He's going to get me and he's going to live with me and he's going to dwell with me and he's going to rest with me forever. Amen. So, we look here and we see that the bride is a reflection of one thing and one thing alone. He chose her. He chose her. Amen. The only way we get to abide with him is because he chooses us first. The only way we can dwell with him is that he decides that he wants us to be his dwelling place. We don't choose him. He chooses us. Just a few verses later in John 15 where we already read, he says, "You have not chosen me, but I have chosen you." Now, here's the problem. They thought he chose him then. He chose them way before then. And we'll see the proof of it later. He says, "And I've ordained you that you should go and bring forth fruit and that your fruit should remain that whatsoever you shall ask of the father in my name, he may give it to you, church." In other words, our choice has already been made. We are the only people in the world that don't get to make a choice. He already made the choice for us. And he's for us, not against us. Amen. We've already been established in our position. were ordained to our position way before we didn't way before we knew it. Consider this. Eve came into consciousness having no idea who she was. One minute she wasn't the minute she was there. Now, she did not wake up next to Adam. The scriptur is very clear. God brought her to Adam. So, there was a period of time where Eve did not know who she was. She was in form. She was in body. She was in shape. She had a voice. She had a mind. She had awareness. But she did not know who she was. But when God brought her to Adam, when she was brought to her husband, that's when she realized who she was. Why? Cuz he told her, "You came out of me. You belong to me. You and I were one. We're the same thing just expressed differently." And all of a sudden, she had this warm, restful feeling because all of a sudden, she understood where she fit into things. That may have been a few seconds. It may have been a few minutes. It may have been a half hour, may have been a couple hours. We don't know how long it took between her creation and her introduction to her husband. But in those times, church, she had no identity. She didn't know who she was. But when she came into his presence and he spoke to her, all of a sudden, she understood who she was. Amen. And what did he do, church? He identified her with him. She was tied to him. Amen. It was a revelation of her origin and it introduced her to her proper to her original position. Listen to what Paul would say. He says, "Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ, according as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love." Church, let me preach it to you tonight. He didn't say we are holy. He said we would be holy. He chose that we would be holy. We didn't be holy and then he chose us. He chose us that we should be that we would become holy. What that means is your condition tonight doesn't matter. &gt;&gt; What your condition yesterday was doesn't matter. What your condition tomorrow does doesn't matter because by his own choosing, his own word, his own plan, he has chosen us to be holy and without blame before him in love that he has for us. That's where we're standing, man. How are we going to abide with Christ? By his choosing. How are we made acceptable to him? By his choosing. &gt;&gt; Church, there's a lot of women. Talk to me. But there's only one that goes home and abides with me, and that's my wife. Why? Because I chose her. Cuz I chose her. Listen to what Brother Brandon would say. He says, "Now Jesus said, and we wouldn't argue with him, no man can come to me except my father draws him first." He says, "Then it was God knocking at your heart, not you seeking God. It was God seeking you." So you see, he says, "The covenant is to you." Also, a grace covenant because it's God's grace calling you. You never chose him. He chose you. You've got a covenant sitting there that you didn't even know about. You didn't sign it. You didn't read it. You didn't agree to the terms and conditions. He chose you and you're bound to him. &gt;&gt; That's it. He says, "Out of the millions in the world today, we spoke teasingly of Sister Justine or Sister Becky getting married to the man among all men, one in 8 billion that would get the greatest of men as a husband. May God grant it, sisters, if that's your desire, if that's his desire." But he says, "Out of the millions in the world today, he reached down and chose you because he put your name on the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world." He says that's what the Bible said before there was a world. Jesus was the lamb slain from the foundation of the world because he says when God speaks anything, it's so perfect. It has to take place and it's as good as done when God speaks it. He chose us to be holy. He did not choose us because we were holy. He chose us to become holy, to become blameless, to become the recipients of his love. Amen. We're a part, brother saying here, of the perfection of his word. If you're a part of it, you're perfect. That'll stick in your throat. If he spoke of you, you're perfect because you're a part of his word. Amen. We're a part of the purity, the reflection, the holiness of God being expressed. Brother Bam says it this way. He says, "That's the reason you're holy." This afternoon, not because you deserve it, but because he chose you to be that way. Not because you are that way. He didn't choose you because you're holy. He chose you to become holy. You're only holy because he chose you. That's the only ones that can be holy. He says, "When before the foundation of the world," listen to this. He says, "First of all, we know most assuredly that the purpose of God stands in election. It was purposed in himself. It was God's purpose to bring forth a people like unto himself that would be a word bride. She was chosen before the foundation of the world in him. She was fornown and beloved before she ever brought forth during the ages upon the earth. She was redeemed by his blood and can never come into condemnation. Church, can you accept that tonight? Before you did good, before you did evil, before you cursed, before you looked at things you shouldn't, before you messed your life up, you were chosen by him, that you were fornown and you were beloved before you made a choice. &gt;&gt; That's one in a million. That's one in a billion. &gt;&gt; That's what we're talking about tonight. Amen. You were loved before you ever came to him, before you surrendered to him, before you were baptized in his name. Amen. You were accepted and loved before you had any attribute worth loving. He says, "She can never be in the judgment because sin cannot be imputed unto her." Romans 4:8 says, "Blessed is the man to whom the Lord will not impute sin." Church, you can't be sin and sinless at the same time. You can't be hated and loved at the same time. You're either one or you're the other. God hates sin, but he loves his bride. Therefore, you can't have any sin in you. He can't impute it to you because you're a part of his word. He cannot do that. So, he's got to make a way to go through that. His love is showing here is that he is it is elective. Amen. It's not based on our personal works or our condition or how we do today or how we're going to do tomorrow. It's based on the fact that he chose us. He says, "But indeed she will be with him in his throne of judgment, judging the world and even angels. Her name, each of her members, was written in a section of the Lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world." Church, that's a mystery I want to explore. That's a mystery I'm willing to dig into. Amen. that you and I are captured under the perfection of God through his spoken word, his holiness, his very thoughts expressed. Not choosing us by our holiness, choosing us to receive his holiness. Amen. We're receivers. We're receivers of his grace and his mercy. Amen. He chose us to go through the washing of water by the word. He chose to cover us with his blood by Jesus Christ. Amen. And that process makes us holy and acceptable. Watch this now. Watch Isaiah 4. He says, "In that day shall the branch of the Lord be beautiful and glorious. And the fruit of the earth shall be excellent and comely for them that are escaped of Israel." He says, "And it shall come to pass that he that is left in Zion, and he that remainth in Jerusalem shall be called holy, even everyone that is written among the living in Jerusalem." He says, "When the Lord shall have washed away the filth," oh, we identify so easily with that sometimes if we're honest, "Shall have washed away the filth of the daughters of Zion, and shall have purged the blood of Jerusalem from the midst thereof by the spirit of judgment and by the spirit of burning." Church, according to the word, we don't come to him clean. We come filthy, filthy, filthy. Amen. Whether we're raised in a Christian home, whether we're raised in a godless home, whether we go to church every week of our life, whether we're lost in sin and alcohol and drugs and traps of the devil and messed up relationships and all those things, it matters not. Paul said, "We've all sinned and come short of the glory of God." We're all filthy. We all have to go through this process. You know, I've noticed one thing in Jesus day. You know who turned him down? Those that had a big opinion of themselves. Absolutely. 100%. That's what turned him down was those that said, "We are Abraham's seed." Let me bring it home. We believe the message of the hour. Yeah. Have you become the message yet? Have you received it into your soul rather than just your mind? Have you become what you believe yet? That's what we're looking for in this life. Amen. This this inflated opinion of oneself is not conducive to eternal life. It's an arrogant spirit. It's a religious spirit that'll keep you out of the bride every single time. But how's he going to clean us up? He says, "The Lord will have washed away the filth of the daughters of Zion." Jesus would say, "Now ye are clean through what? The word which I have spoken unto you." You're clean through the word. What I have, you have not chosen me. I have chosen you. Church, was every one of them clean? He just said they're clean. You that shook your head, you're you're disagreeing with Jesus. He said they're clean. Were they clean? You go out to John 13, he says, "You are clean except one, Judas." But Judas by ver by chapter 15, he's gone to betray the word. And so Jesus looks around the room and he says, "You're all clean. I want you to see yourself tonight. Amen. He's saying this to men that would run away from him. To men that would deny him. To men that would curse. To men that would leave him to face judgment all on his own. To men that would run away and hide him themselves. To men that would not believe he was risen from the dead. And yet he's saying to them, "You are clean through the word which I have spoken unto you." What did he say, church? You didn't choose me. I chose you. That's what's going to clean you up. Not what you do, not what you think, not the way you act. What's going to clean you up is the word that's gone forth already that declared you to be holy and blameless before me in love. That's the only thing that's going to work. He says, you're clean through the word. Why am I saying this? You've got to see the cleanliness of your life, not through your performance, but through his word. through the filter of his eyes. Amen. What he says, not what we see, church. Until the day we get out of here, this flesh is still going to be sticky. It's still going to be fallen. I don't care. We're going to be rapture ready. This flesh is still going to be sinful. It's still going to like what it likes and want what it wants. So, your cleanliness is never going to be as you want it to appear. You're still going to have impure thoughts, men, sisters. You're going to still be catty at times. in your mind, you're going to want those this and that and the other thing. Lust of the eyes, lust of the flesh. We're all going to be dealing with it until the day we step out of this flesh. So, we can't look at what we see. We got to look at what he says. That's what matters. Amen. Our cleanliness comes by the unchanging word of God through the blood of Jesus Christ. Amen. They were clean because they were in the word that he had preached already. It had already been said. It had already been spoken, church. They didn't understand it all. They didn't know it all. They couldn't preach it all. They didn't have it all. They didn't believe it all. But they were still clean by the word. Because when the word goes out, remember we've talked about it before. It's like an Energizer Bunny. It never stops. It goes and it goes and it goes until it produces what he said. His word can't return to him. Boy. And his word said, "You're holy and blameless before me in love." That's why he could say, "You're all clean." Because the word's going to do the work and it won't stop until you are what it said you are. It will never finish until you're finished. Amen. Paul would put it this way later in Ephesians. He says, "Husbands, love your wives even as Christ also loved the church and gave himself for it that he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word. that he might present it to himself a glorious church, not having spot or wrinkle or any such thing, but that it should be holy and without blemish. You know, we take our garments to a dry cleaners. We can't clean it. Who do we take it to? The dry cleaners. The specialists, right? You spill ketchup on that suit. It ain't coming out. Who do you take it to? The dry cleaners. They'll get it out. What's he saying here? What'll get it out, church? What'll work? The word. You got a problem? Go to the word. You're feeling filthy, go to the word. You can't resolve it, go to the word. You can't see it, go to the word. You don't feel it, go to the word. The word will do the work. It'll bring you out to what he told you you are. It'll bring you out to what he promised. He says, "Be therefore perfect even as your heavenly father is perfect." He says, "How can you be?" When he says, "It's not my perfection. It's not your perfection." He says it's his perfection of his word. What does that mean, brother John? That he chose you and you never chose him and he brought you into Christ. He says you're secured with Christ and just as perfect as Christ was before God. He says, "For you're not standing with your own. You're standing in him with one thing. I believe God." He says, "Amen. Oh, how I love him on the other side of Eden. What a wonderful time it'll be someday when you look back down and say, "Why did I fear? Look at the joy I missed." Church, when I read that, it makes me want to run around the church that he chose me by the perfection of his word. He's not looking at me. He's looking at his word. And he's just asking me to do the same thing. Look at my word. Trust in my word. Feed on my word. Believe on my word. and it'll do the work it's trying to do. We're going to read a quote later. I don't know if it's in my notes here or not. It'll be maybe in the next service where he says that that spirit of God is brooding over his unchanging word trying to do something for you. What? Get you to believe that it's for you. It's about you. It's to you. And it'll work for you. What he's done for others, he'll do for you. That's what he's trying to get us to believe. What does this mean? It means we are in his thoughts. It means we are in his mind. And we came from his thoughts and his mind to his mouth. And he spoke it. And because he's God, because he's holy, everything that comes out of his mouth is perfect. It's holy. It's acceptable. It's beloved. Why? Because it's a part of him. Nobody hates themselves. Nobody hates themselves. We might dislike elements of ourselves, but we don't treat ourselves like we hate ourselves. We might wish we could change some things, but we love ourselves. When God speaks out of his perfection, what comes out can only be his own perfection. That's the only thing that comes out of him. Amen. And it showed the choosing of God that you could be perfect today. Amen. The choosing of God is what makes you perfect. Church, that means you're not going to start perfect. Can I get an amen? We don't start perfect, but we're going to end perfect. You don't start holy, you're going to end holy. You might not feel like a child of God, but you're going to be a child of God. Why? By his the perfection of his choosing by his word. Amen. He's going to end up. You're going to end up the way you are. Not the way you feel, not the way you think, not the way you see. Why? Because what you are is what he said way before you ever came into this little mess. That's what he's turning us into. Is what we already are. Don't look at your condition today, church. Don't look at your condition. Say, "Am I in his word?" Because if I'm in his word, that's going to make the difference. It's the only thing that makes the difference in our lives. Brother puts it this way. He says, "Can you see it? Healing is yours. Salvation is yours. It's a free gift of God that God gave you and called you and chose you before the foundation of the world." He says, "You're his air." Why? He says, this is the quote I was talking about. He watches over you day and night trying to get to you to do something for you. Why? Because his word can't return to him void. He says, "You say, "But I made a mistake last week or last month." Church, I wish I could say I made a m one mistake last week or last month. I would be so happy if I could say I only made one mistake last week or last month. What about you, Brother Jim? I would take that one mistake a week. I would say I'm rapture bound. But what he's saying is it doesn't matter. The mistake whether it's one or whether it's a million doesn't matter. He says I don't care how many mistakes you make. Hallelujah. I don't care how many mistakes you make. You know who cares? You do. God doesn't. can't see him under the blood, cleansed by the word. He says, "We've all sinned and come short of the glory." He says, "If you're a child of Abraham, you're ready to recognize that as sin and come back to God again, and God's mercy still hangs to you." He says, "Look at Abraham, church." I'm reminded of the woman at the well. She had five husbands, married and divorced. She's living with a six-man, common law, not even her husband. church. She was searching for a husband. She was searching for something that would stick. She was looking for something that would hold. She was looking for something that would fulfill. And even in her sixth relationship, she still wasn't satisfied. In all her searching, all of her attempts, in all of her relationships, she never found what she was looking for. Why? She hadn't met the man. Sisters, isn't that what you're looking for? Not a man, the man. If you're going to be married, you only need one. But he's got to be the right one. He's got to be the right one. Amen. She's looking for the man. She met a lot of men. Had a lot of experiences, a lot of feelings, a lot of emotions, a lot of visions, a lot of dreams of what was going to be. And in the end of it all, church, what did she have? Brokenness, failure. Listen, we can go to every camp. We can sit under every ministry. We can feel every move of the spirit of God, but until he comes in, church, we're never going to be satisfied. We're going to keep looking. We're going to be like that woman at the well. But one day, she met a man that touched something that had never been touched before. He touched her soul. Why, church? Cuz he spoke from eternity. He spoke from eternity. He said, "I must needs go by Samaria." Why? Cuz she chose him. She didn't even know him, church. She didn't even know him. But he says, "I've got to go by Samaria." And he starts talking to this woman, and what's he showing her? Hey, I know you. You don't know me, but I know you. You know why I know you? You came from me. And you've been looking for me all along, and I came from eternity to this moment to let you know you belong to me. You belong to me. He says, "I'm going to show you where you're from, and I'm going to show you where you're going, and you'll never be the same again." And when he was done, what did she do? She threw away her reproach. She threw away her water pots in the middle of the day, and she ran in, and she says, "Is this not the very Messiah?" Why? She finally met the man. Amen. What was it that made her respond? church, broken, hurt, wrecked life and embarrassment, a woman of poor and bad reputation. And yet the Messiah comes and she can respond that way. Why? She was a chosen bride. It's the only reason. She was chosen. She was not holy. She was not blameless. She was filthy. rejected a man, a mess. But what responded, church? The choosing of God before the foundation of the world put something in her soul that would recognize Christ when he came, that would recognize her bridegroom. Amen. And what did it do? It set her on a path to the Holy Spirit. And Philip would go down. He preached to Samaria. And then Peter and John would go down. They'd lay hands on them. They'd all receive the Holy Ghost. She was one of them. Not deserving, chosen. Chosen. That's what makes the difference. Paul continues. He says, "Having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of what we want." No. Doesn't matter what we think. The good pleasure of his will. And church. God gets his will. God gets his way. Abraham says, "Predestinated." There's the mystery. He before Christ or anything else was ever on earth, you see his great mystery that he chose the bride knowing Eve would fall from disbelieving the word, knowing she would fall. He says, "But he chose a bride that would not fall, that would hold to the word regardless of what all the rest of the world had to say about it." Church, I don't want you to read it the way most people do. He did not choose her because she would hold. She would hold because he chose her. Come on now. She would hold because he chose her. The thing that holds us is not us. It's him. It's his choosing. It's his predestination. It's his ordaining that holds us, not ourselves. Amen. I hope you catch that tonight. We stand because he chose that we would not fall. He says they would hold to that word and he confirms it. They are predestinated to stand there. Predestinated to stand. In other words, destined by God to stand. Not chosen by God because they will stand, but destined by God to stand. He says, "The adoption of children by Jesus Christ predestinated the church to that great glorious stand." He says, "I can see eternity break, come down into time since Eden, and when it did, there come a line of blood." We're preaching on the token life all the way up under Calvary, and from Calvary tied with this line and goes on to the tide post Jesus. He says, "And someday when he comes to claim his own, everyone that's tied to that ultimate will be raised up into eternity." He says why? They have been in eternity all the time. They were predestinated in eternity. They are part of God. They were in his thinking at the beginning. Doesn't that just take the the pressure off? I'm going to make it. I'm going to make it. Why? Because he said I'm going to make it. Not cuz I've got strength. Not because I've got power, not because I've got authority, not because I'm any great thing, because he chose me. I was a part of him. He says, "And when that big rope is pulled of the line of the blood, that token I was speaking of, what is it? Those that are truly born again, not hearers only, but doers also." He says when it comes up from the earth, everyone that was included in that blood will be dropped right up into eternity again. But the only way it'll be will be tied to that absolute Jesus Christ. It's absolute, not an achievement of man, but God raised him up from the dead and he is an absolute. He says we know he's alive because he's here with us in the power of his resurrection doing the same thing he did when he was on here here on earth. That woman in the well, what was she? See, if we look at the outer church, we're never going to see what we are. If she looked at herself, she would say broken, messed up, a failure, polluted, filthy, rejected. But what was she? She was a predestinated seed of God. Couldn't see it. Church, remember, Jesus didn't look like Zion, but it was still Zion in God's eyes. And God had a way of getting to turn Jibus into Zion. And he's got a way of turning a prostitute woman into a bride of Christ. It's not based on our conditions. It's based on the word that he's already given. She was ordained to see it. Filthy, rejected, messed up, and yet ordained to see it. Church, don't ever look down your nose at somebody that's not where you are tonight. It's by his grace we are as far as we are. And it's his grace that's going to keep us going. We don't know who's in. We don't know who's out. We treat them all as if they're going in. Amen. What drove that woman to be able to see Christ? The pleasure of his goodwill, church, you I don't know if we realize how blessed we are tonight. To see it is the pleasure of his the good pleasure of his will. That's the only reason we can say I see it tonight is because of his will. The fact that in her condition she saw it, she recognized it, she believed it, she accepted it, and she acted on it only pointed to one thing. There was something about her that had nothing to do with her. And it was the good pleasure of his will. Amen. It had nothing to do with her present life, her present condition or present issues or present situation, faults, failures or message. She was a seed waiting for the light to strike. That's all she was. And until the light strikes, until the warmth of the spirit comes, the seed can never come to life. But when it comes to life, what does it cause? Everything to do rot away that the real life can come out. And we start to see what is inside that. Remember when I preached on the nature of a seed and I showed all those seeds up there and some of them are spiky, some of them are beautiful, some of them are very plain. But guess guess what, church? I don't care what kind of seed you are, you still got to rot. They've all got a rot that the life that's inside him can come forth. All her life was leading her to that one moment. One moment where the word would come her way and she'd see it and recognize it and she'd never be the same again. She was never the same. Brother Ram says, "You get into Christ. If you're in Christ, there's not a word written in here but what you believe it." He says, "I don't care what anybody else said." And then God makes that thing manifested cuz you when he pours the spirit upon the word, what happens? He says it's just like putting water on any other seed, it'll live and it'll bring forth of its kind. That's what sets us aside from every other person in this world is when the word comes our way, it has an effect. Lots of people can be moved by the spirit. Lots of people can enjoy the presence of the Lord. Lots of people can enjoy the intellectual stimulation of the word, but there's only one seed that'll produce it, and that's the eternal seed of God inside of you. That's the only thing that'll ever do it. Church, can I say it this way? If you feel like you're up and down, if you feel like you're in and out, I've only got one solution for you. Get in Christ. That's the only thing I've got. I was counseling a man there not well last year sometime. And he said, "I'm just I'm in darkness. I don't know what to do." And I said, "I've only got one answer for you. Christ. I don't have a five-step program. I don't have wise words of wisdom. I can't give you any decision except let Christ into your life." It's the only thing that'll change you. And it's not just Lord, I want you in my life. You got to mean it. You got to get down and act like it. Amen. Get into Christ. Get down on your knees and seek the Holy Ghost until you know beyond a shadow of a doubt that you've been changed. Your desires have been changed. Your mind has been changed. Your focus has been changed. Your desires have been changed. Your outlook has been changed until you know that you're different than when you got down. And if it doesn't happen in an hour, give them two. If it doesn't happen in two, give them three. If it doesn't happen in three, give them four. and you keep going until you get it. That's the only answer I've got for you. The word of this message won't do it. You've got to have the life of it. I preach the word, but the spirit's got to be in you to receive it. That's the only thing that'll make it live. Amen. Don't look at yourself. Look at the word. For it's unto you and your children, and as many as the Lord your God shall call. Say, "Lord, I'm one of the children. I want your spirit. I want Christ inside of me." Don't think it's not for you because you can't live the life. It's for you because you need to live the life. You want to live the life. There's something in you that's calling for you to live the life. But what do you need? You need the quickening power of the spirit of God to drop into your soul. That's the only thing that'll make you live it. That's the only thing that'll give you the peace and rest you're looking for. You You remember way back when we were kids, we didn't have a TV, but sometimes we go to our friends and watch TV. They had Transformers. You remember the Transformers and they could turn into cars and jets and they had a their theme was more than meets the eye. You remember that? Anybody? Me and Sister Flo and my wife and Joe. There you go. The four that ran around watching TV at our neighbors houses. That was before the Holy Ghost. More than meets the eye. That's what I'm trying to tell you tonight, church. There's more to you than meets the eye. Listen, it's not obvious. Remember what Paul says? We look through a mirror darkly. We don't see everything that's going on. We don't see everything that we are. We don't see all of what God has. Amen. But that really matches up with what God used in the past. Look at Gideon. He was a nobody from a family of nobodies. Don't look to be some great thing. Look to be humble to the word. David was a little shepherd boy. The youngest of a family of big men. Solomon was a womanizer. Jesus came from a bad town with a bad background. Amen. Moses was an outcast and a criminal. Rahab was a prostitute. Ruth was an idoltor. Don't look at the outside church and expect that to confirm that you're a child of God. In the end, the outside will change. But you got to get started on the inside. If we work on the outside, we're whited at seplicers, full of dead men's bones. I just read in my devotions this morning, if we're trying to fix the outside, we've got to get the inside straightened out first. Amen. You've got to abide in him and his word's got to abide in you. That's what's going to do the job. Amen. But when the word comes to you, that's what makes the difference is that to the child of God, when the word comes to them, it has an effect. It has a lasting effect. It has a real effect. Remember Jesus preached the parable of the sewer and for some it goes out and it's just hauled away. They're in service, they go out, they don't get anything. Some come in service, they raise their hand, they receive it with joy, but there's no root and so it goes away and in a week or two they're back where they started. The other ones, the cares of life, oh, it starts to grow a little bit and the cares of life choke it out. But there's a group that receives it and it's watered and it's in the presence of the sun. It's in the warmth of the sun and it produces 30fold and 60fold and 100fold. That's the children of God. The word has an effect. It comes all the way back to what it was in the beginning. Amen. You'll take it when nobody else will. You'll sit when Brother John is preaching a hard series and come back and say, "Brother John, keep preaching it. We like it. It's helping us. It's doing a work in our lives." That's the kind of people we're talking about. Everyone else not dismissing or criticizing me, but that's what they'll do. The world will dismiss it. The unbeliever will dismiss it. The makebeliever will dismiss it. I was reading again in my devotions this morning where Jesus was talking. I'm paraphrasing. He's saying, "You'll change the word so that it doesn't apply to you." So you can say, "I'm in line with the word." That's not what the word's there to do. You're supposed to be shaped to the word, not the word shaped to you. The child of God is shaped by the word, not trying to shape the word. They let it come. It lets this two-edged sword do its work in their life. Amen. Why? Why can we do that? Why can you have a hard service and say, "Praise the Lord." Why can you have the minister speak directly into your life and thank God for it even though it hurts? Why can you be corrected and yet say, "I want more of that." Why is it? Are we suckers for punishment? I hope not. But why do we do it? Because there's a word that's been spoken about you. You can't fail. You can't fall. You can't miss it. You can't be broken. That's the reason why. There's something inside of you that has nothing to do with you and it just keeps coming back for more. Why? The word feeds on the word. And whether it feels good matters not. It only feeds on one thing. The word keeps coming back to the word of God. Listen to this. Speaking of Zion, the bride, he says, "They that trust in the Lord shall be as mount Zion, which cannot be removed, but abideth forever." We do bad things, make bad decisions, mess things up, get our hands on the steering wheel instead of lot God doing things, get involved in areas we shouldn't get involved with, look at things, buy things, want things we shouldn't, get our priorities mixed up, wrong relationships, wrong ministries, all these different things and God comes behind says Zion cannot be removed. You can't undo what's already done. When the word goes out, it's already done. It's as if it's already complete. He says the bride cannot be removed, but she abides forever. Why? Ephesians 1 1 and5 says, "Having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will." Predestination, his choosing, not mine. That's why we can't be removed is because he's chosen us already. He set us on a path that we cannot deviate from. Why or how? To the praise of the glory of his grace wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved. So church, what we do is only out of thankfulness. It's not performance-based. Why do we live the lives we do? Why do we give God of our time and our energy and our focus and our gifts in these things? That's not getting us in. We're already in. Remember what Paul would talk about? He says, "Every man's work is going to be tried by fire. There's going to be people there that have nothing to take with them but their soul. But they've got their soul." Why? Because he predestinated them. Why do we give? We give out of love. We give it out of appreciation. We give it to thank him for what he's already done for us. It's to the praise of his glory, of his grace. Not to make something of ourselves, not to make a name for ourselves, but to raise him up, to let it all go back to him. Amen. He's already done the work. We just have to accept it. He says, "In whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins according to the riches of his grace." In other words, church, don't worry about your messes, your mistakes, your failures, your faults, your flaws. It's already a way made through it. Washing of water by the word in the blood of Jesus Christ. You don't have to worry about it. You don't have to worry about it. We've already got our redemption. We're already redeemed. The names are already there. And he's just reading them off the book, letting us know who we are today. That's all that's going on. It's all the riches of the grace of God. He says, "Wherein he hath abounded toward us in all wisdom and prudence." That word abounded is a wonderful word. It means he's lavished on us. We'd say today, "We're some spoiled." Don't you hate spoiled kids? Answer carefully. Because we're his spoiled bride. He's pouring out on us. What have we done to deserve it? failed him. Disappoint. This is our This is our view. We failed him. We've disappointed him. We've disobeyed him. We've walked away from him. Gone in, come out, up, down, disbelieve, believed. That's our view. What does God see? All he sees is somebody that's worthy of lavishing wisdom and prudence, wisdom and understanding on church. I'm telling you, we've got it made. How about we start acting like it? How about we start walking through our day saying he has abounded towards me. He is lavishing me. So if I'm missing something, it's not because it's not there. It's because I haven't availed of what he's already given to me. Amen. We came dirty, messed up, filthy, and God says, "Don't worry about that. I'm just going to pour out my wisdom and my understanding on you. I've made a way. I've redeemed you. He doesn't do it sparingly. God's not saving up for a rainy day. You know, most of us, I hope, we have a savings account for when we need a new roof on the house, when the car blows up, when we lose a job or something. We've got something to fall back on. Church, God's not holding back anything. The only thing holding God back is how much we'll let him in, how much we'll accept, how much we'll believe. That's the only thing that's holding him back. And it won't hold him back indefinitely. He's going to make a way through even those things. He says, "Having made known unto us the mystery of his will according to his good pleasure which he had purpose purposed in himself." His pleasure his purpose irrevocable. That's it. He can't break his own word. He's decided and that's it, church. It's a finished work. You can't undo what he said. Don't test him because you'll get spanked. But you can't undo it. It's a finished work. He says that in the dispensation of the fullness of times, he might gather gather together in one. One what? One flesh, one body, in a union, in a marriage, the bride and the Christ. He says that he might gather gather together in one all things in Christ, both which are in heaven and which are on earth, even in him. That's the great mystery being finished. Christ in you, the hope of glory. That which has been hidden through all the ages. Christ trying to reveal himself through a bride all over again. And that's the season we're in. That's what this message came to do was show us the season we're in. Show us who we are. Show us that Christ is alive and well and wanting to reveal himself in and through his bride. Brother Bram said, "My message is to declare him. He's here. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. How do people see him? Through you. Through you. You're the mystery that's being finished. And that's where we're going to go in the next service. Amen. God bless you. Let's stand together this evening. I'm excited, church. Like I said, we've had some some pretty hard services in the not too distant past. Amen. But I'm excited. Now I'm getting to preach the really good stuff. We preached the checkups. We've pre preached it looking at ourselves. We've preached at checking yourself up with the word of God. We preached on the thermometer to check where your spirituality is at. But now I'm excited. I'm excited by what's happening around us. I was say talking to someone recently. I've said over the pulpit, Israel's down to one ally. She's a time piece of God and she's down to one ally and that's the United States led by a man who can't make up his mind. We're that close, church, to her having nobody. Canada's forsaken her. The UK and France, they're going to recognize Palestine. They're going to try and force Israel to recognize that state in a country that belongs to them. They've only got one ally. I'm talking to people and all I hear is fear and doom and gloom. Everybody thinks we're going to hell in a hand basket or we're already there. We're too far behind. We can't recover. We can't fix it. But I'll tell you what, church, there's a bride that's looking up. Cuz Jesus said, "When these things happen, look up. Your redemption draws nigh." I don't see everything that's happening, but I see enough to tell me he's coming soon. Amen. We're going soon. We're going soon. Amen. I don't have to see everything, but I have to see enough to show me where I am at. And all I'm saying is, Lord, help me see who I am in all of this. Don't let me fall behind. Don't let me get slack. Don't let me take things for granted. Don't let the fires burn down. Lord, keep me in your word. I'll tell you, I'm enjoying my devotions more and more every day because what I read is jumping out of the page because I see what's going on around there. But not only that, church, but I see what's going on in here. And you'll be there and you're in prayer and you're thinking about things. And then you'll go to the word and you'll read the very thing that you are looking that that the things that you are thinking about, these thoughts that come to your mind. When we dwell on him, what does he do? He puts his word in us. And then we go and we find it and we say, "Praise the Lord. He's still working on me. He's still talking. He's not dead. He's still working in his sons and daughters in this earth." Amen. And I'll tell you what, it's just a bunch of humble little nobies. Nobody's going to look at us and think we're some great big body. At the very end, they may see that final manifestation in a way that hasn't been seen. But for now, we're just a bunch of nobodies living by the word, trusting him to do what he said he was going to do. Why? Because he chose me. And then I recognized him and I said, "I'll take you." That's it. It's his grace, church. It's his grace covenant that we could even respond to him the way that we do. I say, "Praise the Lord tonight." I'm excited. He's coming soon. He's coming soon. We're getting out of here soon. Amen. And I trust we're all going to be there. Amen. Let's bow our heads, each one. Heavenly Father, Lord, with joy in our hearts, we say thank you tonight, Lord. Thank you for your choosing. Thank you for your predestination. Lord, thank you that you have a perfect word, Lord, that says we will be holy and blameless. we will be acceptable in the beloved. Lord, this is your work. It's your people. It's your promise, Lord. It's your spirit, Lord. It's your washing process that's going to get us through, Lord. And we've just got to sit still and let you do it, Lord. We've got to take this by faith, Lord, in our mouth and in our mind and in our lives and say, Lord, be it unto me according to thy word. Lord, I pray you raise our faith. Lord, raise our expectations. Lord, I pray you help us to feed more and more on your word, on this end time message you've given us, heavenly father. It's here to give us rapturing faith. Lord, it's here to set us on a path of eternal life that'll result in a body change in that full adoption. Lord, I pray you help us day by day, Lord. Keep our eyes on you, Lord, not to let these things going on around us get us down, Lord. But may they lift us up. May they show us how close we are, Lord. May it set our souls on fire. may have put a burning inside of us, Lord, to draw closer and closer to you. We pray, Lord, I pray you bless your people, Lord. Be with us. Be with those that aren't here tonight, Lord. Those that are away, traveling, Lord, remembering the Collins family with the loss of an aunt, Lord, praying your mercy and grace to them for, Lord, Sister Freda Snow and the family of Brother Albert, Lord, praying your continued comfort, Lord, remembering these fires that all around us, Lord. We pray you send rain, Lord. Pray that you give us deliverance from it. But Lord, in the meantime, we thank you for your grace, Lord, that's kept us safe thus far. Lord, be with us now. Bless us, Lord, in your presence, we pray. In Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. Something keeps holding me. 7:51. The trials of this life were getting stronger. The pull I felt was more than I could bear. And I was on the verge of giving over. The strength within myself just wasn't there. [Music] But something keeps holding me. Every day I see it's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. He's guiding me constantly, giving me victory. It's a reality. But something keeps holding me. Now Satan lay before me his temptation of his desire to steal away my faith. But I found within my soul a revelation of God's desire to keep me in his grace. Something keeps holding me. Every day I see it's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials, guiding me constantly, giving me victory. It's a reality. Something keeps holding me. Now Satan lay before me his temptation of his desire to steal away my faith. But I felt within my soul a revelation of God's desire to keep me in his grace. Something keeps holding me. Every day I see it's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials, guiding me constantly, giving me victory. [Music] It's a reality cuz something keeps holding me and something keeps holding me. Every day I see. It's helping me faithfully to overcome my tr. He's guiding me constantly, giving me victory. It's a reality. [Music] Something keeps holding me. He came to me. 570. He came to me. [Music] He came to me when I could not come to where he was. He came to me. That's why he died [Music] on Calary when I could not come to where he was. He came to me. He came to me. [Music] He came to me when I could not come. come to where he was. He came to me. That's why he died on Calary. But when I could not come to where he was, he came to me. He came to me. He came to me. When I come to where he was, he came to me. That's why he died. on Calary. But when I could not come to where he was, he came to me. One more time. Oh, he came to me. [Music] He came to me when I could now come to where he was. He came. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Praise your name. Oh, that's why he died on Calary when I could not come to where he was. Oh, he came to me. The anchor holds 9:35. [Music] The anchor holds though the shape is bad. the end. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Praise your name. Yes. Though the sails are torn. Oh, I have fallen on my knees as I face the raging seas. The anchor holds in spite of the storm. The anchor holds though the ship is battered. The anchor holds though the sails are cold. For I have fallen on my knees. As I face the raging seas, the anchor holds in spite of the storm. The anchor holds [Music] though the ship is battered. The anchor holds [Music] in spite our to [Music] fallen on my knees as I Face the raing seas. The anor hold [Music] in spite of the storm. &gt;&gt; Amen. Can you say praise the Lord? &gt;&gt; Amen. It's him that's holding us. There's a tie line that draws us back to him. Amen. It's the word living in us. The spirit of God that ties us back to him. Amen. We're going to sing that song that I wanted to sing. I'm going to make it. Amen. 1263. But Kingsley, I'm going to ask you to close in prayer if you would tonight. Amen. Remember the needs that have been spoken, those have lost loved ones. Remember the fires that are surrounding us that God would just grant us grace. Amen. I looked at the the uh forecast for Edmonton. My dad was saying they've had all rain and a bad summer and I looked and they've got all the rain we need and we've got all the sun they normally have. So we need to we need to switcheroo there with them and us. But we just need the Lord to send some rain calm these things down. Amen. Just trust his grace to provide for us. Amen. God bless you, brother Jim and family as you all head back. May you have traveling mercies. Amen. May you go back and be the blessing we know you are. Send our greetings to brother Chris and the saints there and the different ones also. Amen. Let's sing this a couple times and brother Kingsley will close in prayer. I'm going to make it. Oh, he's already said that I would. [Music] And I'll keep on trusting that he's working everything for my good. Oh, he walks beside me and heaven is in my view. Oh, I'm going to make it through. Oh, I'm going to make it. He's already said that I would. I'll keep on trusting that he's working everything for my good. Oh, he walks beside me and heaven is in my view. Oh, I going to make it through. [Music] Amen. Let us pray. Our heavenly father, we thank you for a glorious day. We thank you for today is a day that you have made. You have shown us love. You revealed your mystery to us. You've taught us. You've drawn us closer to you. You continue to impact us with your word. And you've continued to grow us in spirit. We are perfect because you have chosen us, &gt;&gt; not because of our work or our will. It's all you, Lord. And we thank you, Lord, for your desire in us, Lord. We thank you for the word that we've heard through your servant. We ask that you continue to pour into him that he may continue to pour into us &gt;&gt; Lord &gt;&gt; clearer understanding inep wisdom and understanding of the word no matter how much the word is preached no one can get to the depth of it but we know that you will fill us Lord with your word &gt;&gt; and it will give us joy and satisfaction Lord Father we pray for all the needs here today the callings It snows our visiting family. We ask that you be with them. Comfort them. Show them love and mercy. Let your favor and grace continue to abide with them. Father, the crisis around us. It's only there for us to give testimony that we have a God that reigns. We have a God that we serve and we have a God we believe in. We It's a difficult season to expect rain, but there is nothing you cannot do. Lord, we stand in faith and we continue to hope in faith that you will come to our mercy and you will change this happenings around us. &gt;&gt; We ask that you be with the families that have been displaced from their homes and that you show them mercy. Help them to go through these difficult times. Summer is supposed to be a joyful and happy time like we all say in Newfland, but people are dealing with difficulties, Lord. But we know that you have a solution and let them see you see that you are touching their lives and you're there for them in these moments, Lord, in the name of Jesus. But as we go back home, we ask for your grace. We ask for protection. Guide us home. And let this word that we have taken today not be one of those words that stimulate us intellectually but let it cause a quickening and a changing in us. Let it be a reflection of this word in our outward appearance more so in our inward. Thank you Lord for the grace and the opportunity to always come to your presence and to hear your word and to pray to you. To you be all the glory and all the honor now and forever more. for in Jesus name we pray. Amen. [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh, [Music] you make We always [Music] Wonder we [Music] I [Music] make you I wonder Every walk and I don't [Music] already and everything I [Music] around the world. I feel I don't I am I will not [Music] be I know my I am born again. [Music] I am I'm worth I am [Music] in the found [Music] the I hate with all I love I am. I am God. You know I love you. I say I am God. [Music] I do all right. I love you. I am the one to win. I live with his restor. [Music] I am no longer I am not I am God. [Music]
