################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-24 - 20250723 - The Token Life Pt 70 - An Echo Chamber Gospel Pt 4 - Bro Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-24
Title:    20250723 - The Token Life Pt 70 - An Echo Chamber Gospel Pt 4 - Bro Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 39m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sitk-O7LeOk
========================================

Description:
Scriptures & Quotes:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/10hJ7lu1wHkNxmaV_F2vgcRHENCNLO8yb/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Do you? [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] I'm not. [Music] Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. Hey, hey, hey. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] There's nothing like the presence Understand? Nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence of the Lord. There's nothing like the presence, nothing like the presence, nothing like the presence of the Lord. I'm free [Music] in the presence. I'm healed [Music] in the presence. I'm forgi. [Music] I'm not ashamed. I'm changed forever in his presence. There's healing in the presence. Healing in the presence. Healing in the presence of the Lord. There's healing in the presence. Healing in the presence. Healing in the presence of the Lord. I breathe in the presence. I'm healed in the presence. I'm forgive. I'm not ashamed. I'm changed forever. In his presence there's freedom in the presence. Freedom in the presence. Freedom in the presence of the Lord. There's freedom in the presence. Freedom in the presence. Freedom in the presence of the Lord. Amen. And I pray in the presence. I'm here in the presence. I'm forgiven. [Music] I'm not ashamed. I'm changed forever in his presence. There's healing in the presence. Healing in the presence. Healing in the presence of the Lord. There's healing in the presence. Healing in the presence. Healing in the presence of the Lord. I breathe in the presence. I heal in the presence. I'm forgive. I'm not ashamed. I'm changed forever in his presence. I breathe in the presence. I've he in the presence. I'm forgive. [Music] I'm not ashamed. I'm changed forever in his presence. Amen. Want to welcome everyone here tonight. the prayer requests this evening. We got to continue to keep brother Mark in prayer. Uh they're traveling um him and Sister Moren, but also just with the work he had done on his heart. We're just trusting that'll that'll uh hold and uh just improve over time. Uh we're keeping in prayer also Sherry Lynn Piery just God's grace to her of her body and soul just uh just our heart goes out to her and just trusting that God will do something in our life and uh just that it' be another testimony of his grace that he's alive in our in our time. I want to wish sister Justine a happy birthday today. She's 19 I believe. Brother Dale uh asked to send along his um greetings to the church. He's doing well and it's kind of hold holding strong as I understand. I think brother Bob said they're trying to figure out how to treat him. So we just want to give the doctors pray that the doctors to have wisdom how to do that. Also just praying for his complete healing. Sister Lorie Snow want to continue to keep her in prayer. I don't have any updates on her but grace to her. Brother David Sharp prayer requests he mentioned or remember those. and Sister Cordella, Brother Nelson Guy Jr., grace to those needs as well. Let's sing that one. Uh 8:50, have your way. And last brother Vichel to open in prayer. Have your way. Have your way. Holy Spirit, fill our hearts and have your way. As we wait, as we pray, fill our hearts with your word and have your way. Amen. Brennan. Oh, have your way. Have your way. Holy Spirit, fill our hearts and have your way. As we wait, as we pray, fill our hearts with your word and have your way. For you have been my strength in times of trouble. A tower above my name. I'll be and Lord I will abide with you forever in the shelter of your wings. Hear my prayer, oh Lord. From the ends of the earth, I cry. Your peace will lead me to. Thank you, Lord. The rock that is higher than I. For you have been my strength in time of trouble. A tower above my head. And Lord, I will abide with you forever in the shelter of your wings. Oh, hear my prayer. Oh Lord, from the ends of the earth I cry. Your peace will lead me to the rock that is higher than I. For you have been my strength in times of trouble, a tower above my name. I'll be and Lord I will abide with you forever in the shelter of for you wings for you have been my strength. Thank you Lord. Glory glory &gt;&gt; Lord. A tower above my name mean and Lord I will love God with you forever in the shelter of your wings. For you have been my strength in times of trouble. A tower above my name now. And Lord, I will abide with you forever in the shelter of your peace. [Music] Dear heavenly father, Lord, pray to you to hear our prayer. Lord, welcome you in today's service. Lord, thank you for this time to come and listen to your word. Lord, we pray to you, Lord, to please anoint brother John, Lord, to have your way with him, Lord, to please speak through him what you would like to speak. Lord, help us receive, Lord, what you have for us. Lord, help us to stay focused. Lord, we pray to you, Lord. Help us calm our minds, our hearts, Lord, and just surrender to your word. Lord, we pray to you, Lord, for Sister Lorie Snow. Lord, for this prayer request, Brother John had mentioned, Lord, pray to you for brother Dale, Lord. Pray to you for the others who are sick Lord and need your help. Lord be with them Lord. Meet them in their needs. Lord please meet each and everyone who is here and who is online. Lord according to their need Lord. Help every one of us Lord to hear what you have to say for each one of us personally. Lord we welcome you in this service. Lord we pray to you to have your move with amongst us and in us. Lord, we love you and praise you in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] Sing 1052, the heart of worship. [Music] When the music fades and all is swept away and I simply come, longing just to bring something that's of worth that'll bless your heart. I'll bring you more than a song or a song in itself is not what you have required. You search much deeper within than the way things appear. You're looking into my heart. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. And it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I've made it. But it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus, man. King of endless worth. No one could express how much you deserve. Though I'm weak and fall, all I have is yours. every single day. Man, I bring you more than a song. For a song in itself is not what you have required. That of us. Your search much deeper within than the way things appear. You're looking into my heart. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. And it's all about you. It's all about you. to Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I've made. But it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. The king of endless world. No one could express how much you deserve. [Music] Though I'm weak and poor. Oh, all I have is yours. Every single breath I bring you more than a song or a song in it is not what you have required. [Music] You search much deeper within than the way things appear. You're looking into my heart. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. And it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I've made it. But it's all about you. Oh, it's all about you, Jesus. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. And it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I've made it. Cuz it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. Amen. Let's sing number 543. Oh, I want to see him. [Music] As I journey through the land, singing as I go, pointing souls to Calary to that crimson flow. Many arrows pierce my soul, come without within. But my Lord leads me on to him. I must win. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. cares all past home at last but you rejoice when in service for my Lord dark may be the land but I'll cling all close to him he will give me life. Satan stares me back my soul. Turn my thoughts aside and help us. Oh my Lord goes ahead. Leads water every time. I thank you Lord. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. There to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of gloryy. Let me lay my voice. Tears all passed. Home at last, ever to rejoice. When in valleys low, I look toward the mountain high. And behold my savior there leading in the fight with a tender hand outstretched toward the valley. Lord I thank you Lord. He's guiding me and I can see as I onward go. Thank you Lord. Oh I want to see him. Look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me live my voice. Hair all past home at last ever to rejoice when before he builds rise from the mighty king. Let my Lord direct my b. He does a safely key and he leads me gently on to this world below. Now thank you Lord. He's a real friend to me. Oh I love him so. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. There to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets, our glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares all pass. Home at last, ever to rejoice. When before meows rise from the mighty deep. Then my Lord directs my bark. He does safely. And he leads me gently on through this world below my Oh, he's a real friend to me. Oh, I love him so. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face there. Just sing forever [Music] love his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. cares all past home at last ever to rejoice. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. Let us sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. All cares all pass. Home at last ever to me. Amen. I don't have it here, but uh that one that he's my lord. [Music] He's my Lord. Let's stand. There is no other one who can calm the storms of life like my Lord. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Oh, he gives rest to the weary. Gives new life to the hopeless. There is no doubt about it. He my Lord. Come out. Thank you, Lord. Oh, he's my Lord. There is no other one who can calm the storms of life like my Lord. And he gives rest to the weery. Gives new life to the hopeless. There is no doubt about it is my Lord. Thank you, Lord. Sing it again. Oh, he's my Lord. There is no other one. Who can calm the storms of life like my Lord? [Music] He gives rest to the weary. Gives new life to the hopeless. There's no doubt about it. He's my Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Lord Jesus. Lord, we're thankful for salvation tonight. Lord, we're thankful for the finished work of Calvary, Lord. But you sent your spirit back to be Lord of our lives, Lord, to come in and take authority, Lord. Not take it, Lord, but be given it, Lord. That we could surrender ourselves to you. But Lord, we've got a choice to make today and every single day, Lord. and that's to invite you into our situations. Lord, you're a gentleman. You don't come in unless we ask you. But Lord, we're here tonight, Lord, just by grace, Lord, not just singing a song, Lord, but trusting it's the cry of our heart, Lord, that you are our Lord, Lord. That we want you in our lives day in and day out. That we want you to have the preeminence, that we want you to make the decisions, Lord. That we want you to be the one that's at the center and the head of our lives, each one. Lord, I pray that once again you'll take your word again this evening. Lord, you'll speak into our lives. You see the burden on my heart. Lord, Lord, you see the things that I've been praying about. Lord, we're trusting your grace to just speak again tonight. Lord, help us to see ourselves. Lord, help us to see where we need to step up, Lord, and where we need to step away. Lord, grant us grace to just let you have your way once again this night. In Jesus Christ's name we pray it. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Turn if you would to Romans chapter 1. Romans chapter 1. Amen. We'll start in verse 28. Romans 1:28. Good to see each one of you here tonight. Amen. God bless you. It's always good to be in the house of the Lord with believers. Amen. Not everyone has this opportunity either. Not everyone has a church building. Not everyone has believers. Amen. And so we're blessed to still have each other and have these freedoms even now to come and gather and preach things that are heresy to just about the rest of the world. Amen. Amen. Trusting we're enjoying our heresy tonight. I'm sorry, but after the conversations I've had over the past couple of months, it's it's it's uh easy to see why people think that we're just a little bit different. Amen. But we're trusting that's the spirit of God that's leading us here tonight. Amen. Romans 1:28. Now, this is Paul and and just for the sake of time, I'm not going to read the the preceding scriptures, but he's talking about those that lean to their own imaginations of God and his word rather than humbling themselves to it. And this is the end result of pretended believers. Now, he says, "And even as they did not like to retain God in their knowledge," in other words, they didn't like to consider God or his word or acknowledge him, God gave them over to a reprobate mind to do those things which are not convenient. Now, that word convenient is not our word convenient. It says to do those things which are not fit or are unbecoming. He says being filled with all unrighteousness. Now they've not considered God. So watch what comes in now. They're filled with all unrighteousness, fornication, wickedness, covetousness, maliciousness, full of envy, murder, debate, deceit, malignity, whisperers, backbiters, haters of God, despiteful, proud, boasters, inventors of evil things, disobedient to parents. That seems a bit of an odd one to throw in there after all those things. Children, listen up. Disobedient to parents, he throws it right in there with backbiters and murderers and malicious gossip and all those different things. Without understanding, covenant breakers, without natural affection, implacable, unmerciful, who knowing the judgment of God, that they which commit such things are worthy of death, not only do the same, but they have pleasure in them that do them. total insanity, total disregard for the consequences of the decisions that they're making. Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats once again this evening. And we're considering this thought again of an echo chamber gospel. And there's both some teaching and preaching in these services. And honestly, I don't know which way a service is going to go. Sometimes I come out firing and some days I come out just layback and easygoing. But the point here is that we're not here to preach to those people that aren't here. And sometimes it's so easy to look at these things and and and say, "Well, that's for other churches or that's for denominations." But I'm not preaching to them. I'm preaching to us. Amen. Because we're preaching on a spirit that's alive and well and it's trying to get into our lives. So the goal in preaching this is for us to not look around. Amen. But to look into our own lives and see, is my life reflecting the influence of a spirit like we've been talking about. Amen. I don't want us to listen for an ear for everyone else. I want to hear us to be listening with an ear for ourselves. The scripture says, "He that hath an ear, for himself." Amen. The instruction is for he that hath an ear. And we opened up with a pretty hard scripture this evening. It's I think everyone when we read scriptures like that to start, they say, "Here it goes again." It's going to be one of those services. But the intention is not to to beat us up. Amen. But it's to show us what happens in the end result when we walk away from God. When we walk away from acknowledging or considering God or his word. And last service, you remember we talked at the very end about the disappointment of a of a religious spirit. Amen. The deceitfulness of religious spirit. Remember we read that quote where he said, "Listen, the prostitute, the drunk, the thief, they're not going to be surprised at the white judgment, white throne judgment. They're not going to be surprised. They know what kind of life they lived." He says, "But there's going to be a people that's going to be disappointed when the verdict's read out, and they are professing Christians that are going to stand and say, "God, didn't I do all these things in your name?" He says, "Yes, you did them in my name, but it was your doing." Amen. It was a walk of their own doing. It was doing your own thing in my name. You were just taking my name as a cover for it. But this was all driven by self-will. Amen. So we want to take a look tonight at least in part of the journey that took the true church of God from being the the the peak of the expression of Christ the word the living word that original church age the lion age where God was working perfectly through his church and how it broke it down into the mess that we see today throughout the rest of this world. Amen. And like I said we're we're not looking at anyone else tonight. We're looking at ourselves because we're in a restoration process. But the spirit that's been working has not died. It has not gone away. And it is more powerful today than it's ever been. I was listening to brother Brandham the other day and the people said, "Brother Brandon, why is it that we can't pray the way we used to? Why is it that we can't just seem to commit ourselves the way that people used to? Why are the services not the way they used to do?" He says, "It's because darkness is coming in. The spirit of the Lord is pulling away from the earth. And you've got to fight that much harder just to hold your ground. just to hold your ground, much less to make any advance on the enemy to come into an overcoming place. Amen. So, we have to overcome this spirit and it's still alive and it's still well. I mean, too often we're looking for the the weird doctrines and the the odd preachers and the commandments of men and those things and we forget that every single one of us can come up with those own things ourselves. We can so busy looking be busy looking outside at everyone else and trying to protect ourselves from everyone else that we don't realize that we can come up and we can make up our own commandments of men, our own doctrines, our own ideas and we can become a oneman or a onewoman denomination to ourselves. That's exactly the way it can be. So, I want us to start this evening with what the church was supposed to be and then move forward by God's grace to see how the spirit uh uh uh uh of religion came in, how Satan's spirit came in and how it caused them to fall and and the results of that. Now, Paul would say this in Ephesians 4. Now, remember Ephesians was Paul's church, 12 people church, but this is the Joshua church. It's the overcoming church. It's the one that reflects the true identity of Christ the word. And Paul says, "There I therefore the prisoner of the Lord beseech you that you walk worthy of the vocation wherewith you are called." In other words, he's saying, "Live what you've been taught." God's put a calling in your life to be sons and daughters of God. Live like it. He says, "With all loneliness and meekness, with longsuffering, forbearing one another in love." Attitude shows a whole lot, church. And Paul starts with our attitude. Amen. Look at what he says. He says loneliness and meekness. Now the words directly translated are humility and gentleness. And then after that he says take that and and put some patience in there. And then after that he says add some law some forebearing some tolerance with each other's shortcomings. And the church of the living God said uh lackluster. Amen. And the church of the living God said &gt;&gt; amen. That's right. Some tolerance for each other. some grace for where the other person's at in their walk. Cuz guess what? We're not all up there with brother Gerald and brother Bob, are we? We're not. We've got young people. They're not the same as mom and dad. I really appreciate when brother Paul Fontaine was here and he said, "Listen, sometimes what your kids are doing looks like rebellion, but it's them learning to find their way with God." And we've got to be able to let people grow. We've got to let people mature. We've got to let God deal with them as sons and daughters of God. Amen. It takes tolerance. Not tolerance for unbelief but tolerance for God to do a work in their life. Amen. He says endeavoring, in other words, really trying, really working at it, diligently doing this to keep the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace. Now, can I say that too many times? What we do is we endeavor to keep the bond of peace. In other words, we're trying to get along with each other. That's not what Paul tells us to do. He says, "No, get in alignment with the Holy Spirit, and that will produce peace in the body of Christ." See, too often if we're trying to get along with each other, that's where compromise comes in. But it's when we can get in alignment with the spirit, that's where our unity is. Amen. Because when we're under the same headship, when we're under the same command structure, there can't be disorder, there can't be chaos, there can't be disunityity. Because God is not the author of confusion. He's not the author of contradiction. And so if you're being led by the spirit and I'm being led by the spirit, it has to go together seamlessly and perfectly. And that's what brings the bond of peace is catching what the spirit is saying to the church. Not coming up with your own ideas. Amen. Now watch what this looks like. This is the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace. He says, "There is one body, one spirit, even as you are called in one hope of your calling, one Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God and Father of all, who is above all and through all and in you all." Now look at this list. He's literally saying one thing over and over again. What is it? He says it is one spirit, one hope, one Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God and father of all. Amen. It's one body. It's Christ the word. It's not a church here and a church there. It's a body. Okay. He says it's one spirit. It's the Holy Spirit. There's one baptism. There's only one baptism and that's in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. That's Acts 2:38. Amen. There's only one thing. There's one faith and that faith is in the finished work of Calvary by Christ. And there's only one God and father. And yet when you look today, what do we have? We don't have one body. We have 30,000 professing Christian churches. You know what? We don't have just a Holy Spirit. We've got a father, son, and Holy Spirit. We don't have one God. We've got three gods. We don't have one baptism. We've got multiple baptisms. And some of them aren't even baptisms. We don't have a father. We have God the mother. And we have God the whatever relative you want him to make. I'm not being funny up here tonight. Those are exact words I've heard from claim pastors of Christianity. Sometimes God is a godf God is a an uncle to me. Sometimes he's a grandfather. Sometimes he's a mother. I've literally heard a pastor say that. That's where we've come. Why? Because they're not in the unity of the spirit. They're in the unity of man. And that's where it takes us down is to a place where the gospel is not preached at all. Amen. We've got people that have faith in speaking tongues, faith in the Catholic church, faith in the Baptist church, faith in the in whatever church you pick, faith in the message church. Amen. They've got faith in the fact that they have believed, faith that they've spoken in tongues, faith that they had an experience at camp, but they don't have faith in the finished work of Calvary that brings them to a place of genuine repentance, baptism in the name of Jesus Christ, and the infilling of the spirit, which is what is supposed to be the end result of it all. Amen. We've got all of this stuff that's come around this. Amen. And what has it produced? It's produced nothing but confusion. Nothing but confusion. Amen. The whole thing has splintered up into so many fragments, none of which are the word of God. And it all started with the spirit to divide and conquer the church. Amen. It started in sa in Eid Eden where Satan took Eve. And he didn't just separate her from her husband. He separated her from the word. And when he separated her from the word, she fell. Amen. But she had this idea. She had this idea that she said, "I can improve my standing. I can improve what I am. I can improve on what God has decided." And she was beguiled. She was seduced by the idea that what she could come up with was better than what God had ordained by her. And she walked headlong into destruction and death. What was the seduction based on? Making her think it was good for her. It was better for her than what God had told her was already good for her. That's the trap. And what is the antidote, church? The antidote is what it's always been. Stay with the word. It's always been stay with the word. We make it so difficult so many times, but literally the antidote is take it back to the word. Doesn't matter how good it's going to feel, how good you think it is, how much it makes sense. Take it back to the word. Pull your decisions through the word. Pull your priorities through the word. Pull your family through the word. Pull your choices through the word and it will always come out right if you do it honestly and sincerely. That's the only way it's going to work. Amen. Pull your time commitments through the word and it'll put you exactly in the balance that you need for your life. That's the way that it works. Amen. We can get so caught up in things being good for me or good for my family and we forget that God has something that's great for us too often. Yeah. You know, I was reading in my devotions the other morning where Jesus said, "Listen, I haven't come to to to make the family knit together." He said, "I've come to draw put a sword between them." Because too often what we are is we're pulled by those that are around us. And that can be our own family, believing family. We can be pulled to do things for them that are contrary to the word because we want to please them. Remember what Paul said? He said, "I would that all of you were like me," which is no longer married or not married. He said, "Why?" He says, "Because when you're not married, your life is is given to God." But he says, "When you're married, the man to a wife, then you're you're interested in pleasing your wife. And if you're a wife, then you're interested in pleasing your husband." And the problem is that sometimes God is left completely out of that. You got to pull your commitments. You got to pull your decisions, your desires through the word because what's good for your family may not be good for God. It may not be according to his word and it may not have the results that you're looking for. The word is our protection. It's always been our protection. Amen. And that's a battle. That's an everyday battle for us to stay uh sharp on these things and say, "Hey, is this God leading me or is this me being led around by the desire to please or to satisfy somebody that matters a lot to me." Paul would say this in 2 Corinthians. He says, "For though we walk in the flesh, we do not war after the flesh. For the weapons of our warfare are not carnal." In other words, the victory that we are supposed to get is not going to come through based on what we think is right. It's not based on what we think or what we feel or even what we think that we know, but it's based on one thing. He says they are mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds. How does it work? It's by casting down imaginations. Imaginations are what I think. and every high thing that exalteth itself against the knowledge of God and bringeth into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ. Now, he did not say if you're a believer, you don't have to bring every thought subject. You only have to bring the thoughts of those that are outside the church into subjection. No, he says you have to bring every thought, you have to bring every thought subject to the obedience of Christ, which is what? What is the will of the father? That's what we have to do. We can presume too much, church. I'm sorry if I'm a bit fired up this evening, but we can presume too much on the fact that we're a believer to think that our thoughts are always right. That's why we have to read our word, our Bible. The scripture says we're forgetful hearers. We don't remember the balance. And so we've got to stay in that day in and day out all the more as the day approaches because Satan's going around pushing harder and harder and harder to try and break this pride, to try and get into our life to try and drive a wedge there that gets between us and Christ. And when he drives in a wedge, he starts to hammer that harder and harder until he splits our life open. We have to be so careful. Amen. God's word is his will. It is not what I feel in prayer. It has to be according to his word. It cannot contradict his word. We read last service how Satan's going around like a roaring ri lion. And we talked about that's a false ministry. A roaring lion is a prophetic ministry. It's an anointed, a truly anointed ministry. But he goes around, he has his false ministers with a false anointing preaching a false gospel that's word-based. You know, sometimes people share these things with me. And I I I've seen it even from mature believers and they'll share things with me that, you know, through social media and these things and it'll be, you know, just a saying that's written down by by who knows who. And on the face of it, it sounds good. And you think, "Oh, yeah, that's good." But when you bring it down to the word, it doesn't hold up, but it's satisfying to the flesh to say that because so many times we can say, "Hey, I like that." Or even, "I do that." But when you take it down to a sharp point, it doesn't quite line up with the word. It's right in portion, but it's not truth. We have to be so careful, church. We shouldn't get our Christianity from memes we read on social media. I I'm seeing some grins here, guilty smiles perhaps, but we can get caught up in how something sounds good and feels good and we forget. We've got to take it right back to the word and see whether or not that truly matches up. Amen. I wanted to just drop a quote in here that I had sitting in my notes for a while because we're talking about bringing all things subject to the word. And the hardest time is when we're under pressure. When we're under time pressure, when we we don't seem to have the time to to come through and really get in prayer before God. Amen. And I'll tell you, when you're in a time of pressure, that's not the time to be uncertain. You've got to be prayed up. We don't know when the pressure is going to hit. Pressure is coming all the time, but we never know when the heavy pressure is going to hit. We need to be prayed up. I love how Brother Bram says when David came to Goliath, he was already prayed up. That's the way we want to be. We want to be ready for the battle before the battle starts, not coming into the battle and saying, "Uhoh, wish I had devotions this week." Amen. Brother says this. He says, "The Bible said in the last days that the devil will go about like a roaring line." He says, "And if he could get you under pressure, hurrying, running over something, you will make decisions you wouldn't make if you'd sit down and think it over." Satan's goal is to get us reacting in the moment. Snap decisions based on gut feel. Not saying your gut feel is wrong, but you ought to have time to check it with the word and say, "What is really going on here? What is really going on in this situation?" Amen. If you got a fast decision to make, church, I hope you're prayed up and I hope you've been in the word. Because if you don't, Satan's going to get you to take that wrong decision. Being a believer that's not prayed up and not in the word doesn't do a whole lot for you, church. What it means is God's probably going to drag you out of something you got into. Better to stay out of it in the first place. Stay prayed up. Stay ready to go. Stay ready to fight. Brother Brand would say follow instruction, not the emotion. He says the instructions. If Moses would have followed the emotions of the people, they'd have been running all over the mountain screaming and Pharaoh's army would have got them. But they followed instruction. God said, "Stand still now and see the glory of God." Just stand still. You don't have to excite it. Stand still and see the glory of God for this day God will fight and you'll stand still. He says they just walked across the sea. Then the uncircumcised, them impersonators tried to do so. They drowned in the sea. Stand still. Scripture says when the enemy comes in like a flood, the spirit of God will raise up a standard. It'll hold your position. You don't have to hold it. It'll hold you for it. You just have to let him do the work. Amen. You have to go to him and say, "All right, Lord. We're in a battle. Let's hold position now until you show me which way to go forward. And when you say go forward, we're going forward. And nothing's going to stop us in those situations." But I want us to see this this evening how Satan moves to divide and conquer. And remember that within the church, he uses men. He uses ministers. He uses a twisted gospel. And he did it with Eve. And he's doing it today. And we've gotten to the place where people will quote the scripture and then interpret exactly opposite to what it says in clear English. That's how powerful the spirit is we're talking about. Now, you say, "That can't be here, church. I've heard message believers do the exact same thing. That's how powerful that spirit is. Somebody reminded me the other day of something Brother Mark had heard on the radio and it was a woman preacher and she said, "Aside from what Paul said, the Bible doesn't say anything about women preachers." Can you imagine saying that? Basically, she's saying, "Aside from what is in the Bible about women preachers, there's nothing in the Bible about women preachers." That's like saying aside from the speed limit sign on the side of the road, there's nothing that tells me whether how fast I can go on the road. When the cop pulls you over, that's not going to be anything that he's going to take as a valid excuse, is it? Why? Cuz you ignored what was right in front of you. But you know what it is, church? She thinks Paul said it. Paul didn't say it. The Holy Spirit said it. Amen. That's what we have to realize. Amen. I I I had shared last service about that clip about that or or I commented on a on a person that said, you know, I don't we don't preach much of Paul here very much because he says the hardest things in the worst possible ways. And I played the whole clip for some people later on in that and it was actually worse than I remembered. But can you imagine saying we don't preach the Bible? He see that's how they say we don't preach Paul. But Paul said there's no other gospel given than what I've given you. So what they're saying is we don't preach the gospel very often because it says harshest things in the worst possible way. Well, it's only hard and in the worst possible way if it offends you. Otherwise, it's the greatest thing that you can hear. It's a pearl of great price. It's the greatest treasure that we have. Amen. Now, watch how the spirit works. Now, we're going to go into the church ages just for a little bit tonight. More of teaching than preaching perhaps. But but but the the scripture says unto the angel of the church of Ephesus, right? These things, now this is the biggest and the best of the churches. Okay. He says the these things sayaith he that holdeth the seven stars in his right hand who walketh in the midst of the go seven golden candlesticks Christ. He says I know thy works and thy labor and thy patience and how thou canst not bear them which are evil and thou hast tried them which say they are apostles and are not and has found them liars. So there were people that were pretending to be apostles but it was their claim and it wasn't backed up by a life that matched up with the calling of an apostle. Amen. How did they judge these people? By the word. They judged them by the word. That's always by the word. He says, "And you have borne and hast patience and for my name's sake hast labored and has not fainted." This is a this is a good report card. But then he says, "Nevertheless, I have somewhat against thee because thou hast left thy first love." Church, who is their first love? Christ. Christ is the word. Amen. His his identification is always with the word. John 1:1 says, "In the beginning was the word. The word was with God. The word was God. And the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. When he comes back in Revelation 19 and he's on his he's coming down with 10,000 by 10,000 of his saints, he's got his name written on his thigh and it says his name is the word of God. You cannot separate Christ from the word. And that's what they've done. They've se separated Christianity from the word. And you can't be Christian without the word. You can't be Christlike without the word because he is the word. Okay. But they left Christ. Amen. They they lost something in their He didn't say they left him. He says they've left their first love. Now remember we read last service where we where Jesus said, "If you continue in my word, then are you my disciples indeed." And that word continue was abiding. Amen. So if you stick with the word, if you stick with Christ the word, keep growing, keep maturing. It's not just an experience, but it's a continuation of what you started. If you keep doing that, that's the proof that you're really a disciple. That's proof that you're really a child of God. Who is my first love naturally speaking? Is Blanca. It is my wife. That's my first love. Now, I had many, many crushes before her. But she's the only one I've loved. She's the only one I've committed myself to. She's the only one I've given myself to. She is my first love. And that's the only one there is. But did you know that I can leave my first love and never leave my marriage? Now I have your attention, don't I? All the sisters are saying, "Maybe I can get him with this." Now the brothers are saying, "I hope he doesn't pin me to the wall with this. I can leave my first love and never leave my wife and never leave my marriage." How? I can put something else above her. Now we're speaking naturally, okay? Christ is above all. He ought to be in our lives. But second in my life is always my wife. Not my children, my wife. She is my first love. There are a very distant second to her. And don't forget that she's my first love. But what happens is when I put when I work too hard, when I play too hard, when I get distracted too much, when I have too many hobbies, when I study too much, when I do any of those things and I put her below those things, what am I doing? I'm leaving my first love and giving that love to something else. I'm giving it the majority of my time, my attention, my priority, my commitment. That's leaving my first love. Amen. That word left does not mean it walked out the door. It doesn't mean that they left Christ. It means that word left means to let it slide backwards, to let it go, to omit it, to send it away, to neglect it, to allow it to degenerate. And this is what brother Brandon would say about this. He says, "What's the matter with the tabernacle?" He says, "A man ought to be able to say when you meet a man in your Christian experience, when was it dearest to you?" He says, "You ought to be able to say right now." He says, "Well, my best experience was back when I first got the baptism of the Holy Spirit when I came to Christ." And say, "Oh, brother, you've fallen from grace." That's right. Look, remember, standing still is backsliding to a believer. We are always to be going forward. We're always to be growing. We're always to be maturing in our relationship with Christ. He says, "They have left, thou hast left thy first love, showing they had something in the beginning and have left it." He says, "It's not he that beginth, but he that endureth to the end, the same shall be saved." Now, we can go back to our first days or first weeks or first months, maybe first year of marriage, and we know how new it was, how fun it was, how exciting it was. Amen. Okay. Me and Brother Bob, the rest of you didn't have any fun. Nothing was new. Nothing was exciting. Now, now you're smiling. Okay, you're with me. Now, I'll tell you this. You're never going to get that feeling again. It's not the same. There's only a first time once. And so, when you're newly married, everything's new. All of a sudden, you're spending all this time with a person that you only got a few moments with, a few hours with, a few weeks with, you know, throughout your life and these different things. Now, every everywhere you go, everything you do, that person is there. Whether you want them there or not, everything's new. The good, the bad, and the ugly. You're never going to get that feeling back. But I can say this that after 24 years, we've moved from being in love to loving. Because so often what we say is I want the in love feeling that I had at the beginning. Well, that's all it was. It was a feeling. Doesn't mean there wasn't love behind it. But now we move to living our love rather than just feeling our love. Okay. But our love has matured. I think I should probably have her sitting up here tonight and and nodding. I I need some affirmation here. But I believe our love has matured. And I can say today, I love her more than I did back then. And I know she loves me more than she did back then. She'd have to to stay with me because we get to know all the ugly parts and the hidden parts and the not so great parts. And so when I look at at what God has given me, I'm amazed by the wife that he gave me because I cover her flaws with my strengths. Not flaws, weaknesses. And she covers my weaknesses with her strengths. And between the two of us, we make a pretty awesome person. Two of us make one really good unit. I say, "Praise the Lord." That's the way that God works. Amen. But the Holy Spirit is saying to the church here, he says, "Listen, you've lost what you used to have. Not just the feeling, but you've cooled off in your love for me." That's what he's saying. Amen. He says it's, you notice he never says you lost your salvation. Remember David said, "Restore to me the joy of my salvation." David never lost his salvation, but he lost he lost everything that came with that salvation. He had lost all the benefit of knowing that God is with you day in and day out. Something here, the Holy Spirit saying, has driven a wedge into your relationship with Christ. Amen. You're not as close as you used to be. You've cooled off. There's a distance that has grown between you. You've become mechanical. You become partners instead of lovers. It's a business relationship instead of a husband and wife marriage. The Holy Spirit's saying, "Now you're about going to church and saying, "Amen." Rather than sitting down and talking with me every single day. Church, God, help us if our best years of our Christian walk were way back when. Last year, last month, camp, the day you gave your heart to the Lord, the old revival, whatever it is, church, the prophet of God says we ought to be able to say, "Today is the best day. That I love him more today than I ever did before. And I'm closer to him today than I've ever been before." Otherwise, he says, "You've left your first love. you've backed away from it. Amen. God help us if all we can talk about is what God did for us months ago, years ago, rather than what he's working with us today. That's a sign of his love is that he works with us day by day, week by week. Amen. You know, we had some wonderful meetings two months ago with brother Jonathan Martin. Have we had any special moments since then in our relationship with Christ? I'm being pastoral tonight. Have you had a special moment with Christ since your special moment with Christ two months ago? That's a hard question. We ought to be able to say yes. If not, church, we need to repent because we've cooled off. We've lost. We moved away from our first love. Church, look at it this way. Have we moved from being the church to just going to church? Are we just coming to church or are we the church? You see the difference? One's just business. The other one's relationship. One's just doing a checking off a box. The other one is checking in. Amen. If that's the way it is, church, we've been neglecting our bridegroom. Formality is creeping in. Repent. Make it right. Too late to be fooling around with other things. The Holy Spirit was screaming out to that age. And brother Brandham would teach us. He says, "Everything that they had to go through, we have to defeat today. Every spirit that was there, we've got to defeat it all. We get all the rewards, but we get all the struggles and the battles as well." Let's not pretend for a second we're not facing the same thing. Amen. Showing they had something in the beginning, he says, "But they have left it." What's the solution? What's the medicine we take? He says, "Remember therefore from whence thou art fallen and repent and do the first works, or else I will come unto thee quickly and will remove thy candlestick out of his place except I repent." What's he saying? Remember how it used to be. You know, in our marriages, as we get older, as we have kids, things get busier. And sometimes we yearn. I think our wives especially yearn for the early days when it was just us and them and we could give them all of our attention and all of our time. But we don't get that back until those kids go away. And by then we're too tired to really take advantage of it. Right, brother Bob? No. No. There's a few good years left. But it's not remember what you used to have in terms of the feeling, but the reality of it. Remember what you had. Remember what it was like to come in and know you were just scoured out and clean? That you didn't have to slink into church and hope the pastor didn't nail something to the wall that you know you've been dealing with for a while. I remember and I've talked about it many times that day I gave my heart to the Lord. How scoured out and completely cleaned out I felt. Church, we ought to have that every single day. We are bloodbought Christians with access to the throne of God and the blood of Jesus Christ. We ought to feel scoured out every day. But what do we do? We stay out of his presence and we stay in the stuff that keeps us dirty. Little by little, bit by bit, and it builds up. You know, um you know how much I enjoy vehicles and I like to take care of them, but these days I seem to be too busy for it. And when I finally do wash my vehicles, I realize how dirty they've gotten. And it's only when I get close I realize how much things have gked up on them. And it's that much harder to clean up. That's why Jesus talked to Peter says, "You got to wash your feet." Because there's a daily grime that gets into our life just by existing. Then we take that and if we add a little bit of a habit here and a relationship there and a little something here and a little bit there, guess what? We get a dirt buildup that's really hard to clean up after a while. And we wonder why we feel a little dirty coming to church. It's because we've let the little things creep in over time. rather than putting it under the blood, getting rid of it. Amen. He says, "What happens?" He says, "If you don't go back to where you were," he says, "I'll take the candlestick out of you." What's the candlestick? Now, today we just say, "I'll turn off the lights." That's what he's saying. Because the candlestick was that which held the light. It's the light giver. And the scripture here is saying, "You'll lose your source of light." Now, he didn't say he'd take the word because the word is always there. But what would he do? He'd take away those that gave the light. Remember the Macedonian call? Send the light. What did God do? He sent a man. He sent Paul. So what is he saying? He's saying in this in this condition, if you don't go back to where you were, he says, "I'm going to take away your faithful messengers. I'm going to take your pastors. I'm going to take your preachers, your evangelists, teachers, prophets, apostles, and I'm going to move them out of way and leave you right where you are. I'll take away those that are preaching the truth and I'll give you over to whatever it is you feel is more suited for your life. Brother Ram would say this in the seven church ages. He says God tells them to remember. Evidently something had left their minds. They had forgotten something. He told them to turn back in their minds to their point of origin. The origin of the first age was Pentecost and they had fallen from it. They had forgotten the glory and the wonder of it. It was time to go back in mind and then in reality. church. This is for a church that had something and lost it, not for somebody that never had it. These are real believers. He says, "Back to when they could say, "For me to live is Christ." Back to purity when Ananas and Safh were dealt with. Back to the gate beautiful. He says, "Oh, what a reproach it is to drift from God and countenance those acts that defile his name. Let those who name his name." In other words, let those who call themselves Christians depart from sin and keep their vessels pure for God. He says, "Look at what you once were in your heart, in your mind, and in your life." He says, "Then go back to it." He says, "And what is the way back?" The way is the way of repentance. Remember in Leodysia, he says, "Be zealous, therefore, and repent." The prophet God would say, "The zeal of this age has to be to repent, to go back." He says, "If a sinner has to come to God by way of repentance, then the lukewarm backslider will have to repent that much more." He says, "Repent. Bring forth fruits, meat for repentance. Prove it by your light life." He says, "If you do not repent," God said, "I will remove your lampstand." Certainly, he says, "A church in that condition can't give light to the world. Its light has turned to darkness. God will take away its faithful messenger and its faithful shepherds and leave them to themselves, and they will go on talking about Christianity, but be bereft of it." What is it? A hollow shell filled with nothing but self. No spirit, no word. Why did sepilers full of dead men's bones? Amen. That's harsh, isn't it? But that shows the seriousness of it. That shows the seriousness of it. And remember, we're being restored back to that early condition, church. And the way back is always repentance. It's always repentance. Sometimes it's repentance of our ignorance. But to find out we were in the wrong and then to find out the right, then we repent of that. But sometimes we certainly know right and we still pursue those things. God forgive us. God help us. Amen. Paul warned them time and time again. Stay with the word. It's the only gospel. He says, "I'm not allowed to change it. You're not allowed to change it. And if anyone else preaches any other gospel then they're cursed." But they had its full effect for such a short time. Remember Paul said, "Even now I see it." And John talked about it and Peter talked about it. They're coming. They're coming. They're in the church now. Look out. That's within 20 25 years of Christ leaving. It was already starting to fall from it. And watch, he says, "But this thou hast that thou hatest the deeds of the nickeladenss which I also hate." God's commending them there. He says, "Listen, you got one problem, but it's fixable. But here's the thing that's holding you." He says, "They got one thing really right. Even in that backsliden, cooled off condition, they got one thing right, and that's that they hate the deeds of the Nickelians." He says, "Which I also hate." He that hath an ear, he says, "Let him hear what the spirit saith unto the churches. To him that overcomemeth will I give to eat of the tree of life, which is in the midst of the paradise of God." Now, the prophet of God would come to us and he preach on this idea of nickels. And he says it's a two-part word. And the first one is nic, which means to conquer, and leos, which is the ley. In other words, the deed of the nickels is to conquer the leoty. In other words, to conquer those that are sitting in the pews. That's the that's that's the deeds of the Nickelians. That's it. And it was not just random men, but these were ministers. Ministers that were trying to control the church. And how were they trying to control the church? By elevating the ministry above the people to give them authority over everything that happened in the church. Amen. And what were they doing? They were trying to bind them to men rather than leave them in the liberty of the Holy Spirit. Because remember, the Holy Spirit was always to lead the church, not men. Holy Spirit. Amen. And the idea here was to make the ministry elite or special or in a way that gave them control and authority over the church. And this is the root of denominationalism in the scripture that we see here. Okay? And it's where we answer to men. We answer to a board. We answer to a central office, a headquarters, whatever it might be. And men have the final say, not the Holy Spirit. It's not scriptural. It's never been scriptural. The leader of the church is the spirit of God. And its word is the law in the church. Can we say amen to that? Does God use men? Yes. Absolutely. What? He's got a five-fold ministry. Apostles, prophets, evangelists, pastors, and teachers. Those are God called men. And they are authorized to do one thing, church. Preach the word. And behind that comes the signs and wonders of a God-filled man. Amen. We are not authorized to force you to do anything. Our authority is by the word, not by our person, not by our ministry, not by our presence, not by our influence, not by our money, not by the size of our church. Our authority is the word and you can take it or you can leave it. We don't get to force you. Amen. Those men, every God- called minister has to be subject to the Holy Spirit. And only when they're subject to the spirit do they have any authority because they are yielded to him rather than controlling their own self. Remember what Paul says. Paul didn't say follow me because I'm the first church age messenger. Paul didn't say follow me because I'm a prophet. He said follow me as I follow Christ. So, what does that mean, church? If a minister gets off of the word, he has to get off of the platform. And that's your duty as a church congregation is to remove that man from the pulpit. That's your God called authority is to keep the pulpit clean. Amen. Your obligation is to ensure that the person preaching behind this pulpit is preaching from the word of God. But how's the only way you're going to know that? You got to read the word of God yourself. Amen. When I'm up here preaching or any other man that's up here preaching, you shouldn't be saying amen because you believe I'm a preacher, I'm a pastor, or I'm a Holy Ghost fil man. You should be saying amen because the Holy Spirit is confirming the word to your heart that has already been given to you. That's the way it's supposed to work. You ought to know what I'm saying is true, not just believe what I'm saying is true. Amen. We're not to be ignorant. We're supposed to prove ourselves, study to show ourselves approved. We ought to know the word. Amen. That when the preacher gets up, I'll tell you, it's always a wonderful time when I come out of a service and somebody comes up and says, "Brother John, I was just reading that last week. I was just reading that this morning." Right, brother Vichel? Brother Vichel's been hitting it hard lately. Seems like every service he says, "Brother John, I was just reading that." I love to hear that because what happens is now he's not saying amen because he believes on the pastor. He's saying amen because he already read it in the word and he knows it's the truth and God has quickened it to his heart. And the preacher coming behind is just confirming what the spirit is already doing in his own life. Amen. This here was the first ride of the antichrist. And if you look at your your Bible in Revelation, he's on the white horse. And remember, he had a bow with no arrows, but he had a crown on his head. Amen. He had no weapons, but he had a crown. Was he was given a crown. Bow with no arrows. He can't force you to do anything, but he is given a crown. In other words, somebody gave him authority that he didn't have. He couldn't enforce it. So, how did he get it? He seduced. It was by guile. It was by seduction. It was by fooling the people. Amen. And what was it? It's the seeds of denomination where a man can control rather than the Holy Spirit. And it's in its infancy. Amen. And it's in the first church age. And the idea here is divide and conquer. Set up a hierarchy and fool the people into thinking a hierarchy of men is the best way. It's not. It's not the best way. But I'll tell you what it is. It's the easiest way because now you don't have to get a Holy Ghostfilled, God called man. All you need is a good man with a good heart. Church, if you read your Bible, you know that a man with a heart after God's own heart can still make really bad decisions. Good heart won't get you there. You've got to be called. You've got to be anointed. You got to be filled with the spirit to stand behind a pulpit. You've got to do that. You've got to have that. David thought he was doing God a service when he moved the ark to Jerusalem. And he checked with everyone. everyone except the prophet. And everyone said, "It's a good idea. Go ahead with it." And what ended up happening? A man died. Because everybody agreed, but nobody checked with the anointed one. Good hearts won't get us there. Good ideas, good intentions, sincere intentions won't get us there. It takes a checking up with God's word. I am amazed. I'll be honest that David because Moses had clearly shown how you move the ark. All its life it had been moved by priests and somehow David came up with a cart. I don't know how he got there. It shows how easily we can forget. Maybe that's the lesson we take from it tonight. But this white horse rider, this spirit of subtlety, this false vine, this twisted gospel that we're talking about, it started to go through and it I it was just a thought. It was just an idea in the first church age, but now it comes into the second church age. And now it's starting to gain some traction. And now he says unto the angel of the church in Smyrna, this is the second church age. This is the age of bitterness. He says, "These things sayeth the first and the last, which was dead and is alive. I know thy works and tribulation and poverty." He says, "But thou art rich, and I know the blasphemy of them which say they are Jews and are not, but are the synagogue of Satan." He did not say they are in the synagogue of Satan. He says they are the synagogue of Satan. Contrast that with us. Paul says, "Ye are the temple of the Holy Ghost." They are the synagogue of Satan. Now watch what happens here. Amen. They're under the influence of another spirit. They're not under the Holy Spirit. But watch their claim to fame and authority. How do they become the synagogue of Satan? What brought them there? It says that they say that they are Jews. Now, that's maybe a weird thing to remember, but you have to remember that on the day of Pentecost, as best we know, all 120 people up there were Jews. So, you couldn't claim to be a part of the original church unless you were a Jew. Okay? So, these people by this point, everyone that was in the upper room was dead. This is well past the time when any would be alive. So now these are relatives or people that have married in or or whatever be children, grandchildren, whatever it would be of the original 120 that were up there and they've got a powerful claim because they can say I come from the original Pentecostal group. Okay? They're a a a child or a grandchild of a founding father. But what's a Jew in a spiritual context? See, a Jew we think is somebody that's of the seed of Abraham. That's what we would say today. But remember, the seed of Abraham is a faith seed, not a blood seed. Amen. It's a faith seed. We've covered that before that Abraham had seven children by marriage and then he had one by Sarah. Then he had six by Coutur. But the scripture says only Isaac was his seed. He had seven plus he had of course um um Ishmael as well, not through marriage but just through relationship. But the others were by the will of man. But this was by relationship with his wife. That was the seed. Amen. That was the promised child. So this thought of a Jew comes now into the New Testament. And Paul would in speaking to the Christian church, he would tell us what it is. He's answering, "What is the seed of Abraham or who is a Jew?" And he says in Romans, "For he is not a Jew, which is one outwardly, neither is that circumcision which is outward in flesh." In other words, he says if it quacks like a duck, it's not a duck necessarily. Those that say Lord, Lord, those that say message, message, Brother Brandon, Brother Brandon, Christian, Christ, he says it's not those that are of those things outwardly because they look it, because they talk it, because they profess it. That's not what makes them. He says, "But he is a Jew which is one inwardly." He says, "And circumcision is that of the heart in the spirit and not in the letter whose praise is not of men, but of God." Remember he said the the circumcision that we're looking for is not outward in the flesh. Because otherwise, those men could just show and say, "Hey, I'm circumcised. That makes me a Jew." He says, "That's not what we're looking for." In other words, it won't be an exterior sign that puts tongues out of the door in the first place because that's just an outward sign. He says, "But you're a Jew based on an inward work with the circumcision of the heart by the spirit." And he says, "This is a person whose praise is not of man, but of God." In other words, the confirmation is of God, not of the people, not of the man. It's not an outward sign. It's an inward work. Amen. So, in other words, a Jew is in the spiritual sense a spiritfilled believer. That's what a Jew is. Amen. This is the true child of Abraham. This is the faith seed of Abraham, the one that's had the inward circumcision of the heart as Paul taught, which is the true baptism of the Holy Ghost, a real new birth. Now, Burbam would say this. He says, "To begin with the word Jew does not describe the religion of the Jewish people, but rather it refers only to the people of Judah and has the same precise meaning if I were to say I'm Irishborn." These people were saying they were actually Jews, real Jews by birth. He says they were liars. They were not Jews by birth and they weren't Jews by religion. He says if all this is true, what were they? Now look at this. Why are people claiming this? He says they were a deceived people who were already part of the church. They belonged to the false vine. They were not of the true church but of the false church because God said they were the synagogue of Satan. He did not say he now he's typing this to the the truly spiritual and he's saying there's people that are going to say insincerity I am a Christian he says and they're not they're deceived they're liars but it's not of will it's of deception if I could put it that way he says now the word for synagogue is not the same word we use for church in the Bible church means the called out ones or the summoned ones The psalmist said about these elect people, "Blessed is the man whom thou choosest and cause us to approach unto thee that he may dwell in thy courts." Remember his praises of God, not of men. God chooses him. God confirms him. He says, "But the meaning of synagogue is assembly or gathering." This can be good or bad, but in this case, it's bad. For these are they whose assembling is not of God, but of their own selves. And Isaiah said to them, "Behold, they shall surely gather together, but not by me. Whosoever shall gather together against thee shall fall for thy sake." Isaiah 54:15. So let me ask this evening, are we a church? Are we the church? Or are we a synagogue? In other words, are we a church or are we just going to church? This is just an assembly. This is an assembly. This is a gathering. There are no requirements to come through those doors and sit in these pews. None whatsoever. This is an assembly. This is not a church. This is a church. It's a people that are called out. Amen. Those that are the elect, those are the ones that are separated out. So, are we going to church or are we the church? Are we just gathering ourselves together or are we uniting into a body? He says, since these were surely against the true vine, God will one day deal with them in destruction. He says, now why do we have a people mixed in the framework of the church and calling themselves Jews? He says the reason is this. Since they were liars, they could make any claim they wished. They could say what they wanted as though it were a fact and then stick to it. He says, "And in this case, they could be lying with a very powerful thought in mind." He said, "Was it not so that the early church was almost if not entirely composed of Jews, making them the original members of his body? The twel apostles were Jews. The later apostles were either Jews or proelites." He says, "Thus for men to swear they were Jews would give them a preeminence and a claim to originality." He says, "Now tell a lie, stick to it. Never mind or history. Just say it and keep saying it to the people and soon the people will receive it. Now we see this in modern media today, don't we? Not not just in modern media, in everything in business to the point where they have created a lie. They've repeated it everywhere and everyone is saying the same thing and they don't even know why it's true. And it's not true. It's false. But because everybody's saying it, they think it must be true. I saw one thing blew my mind when I see it. And if I remember correctly correctly, they had 12 or 16 different news agencies saying the exact same words for the exact same story that were supposedly independent. I'm sure you've seen it, Brother Chad. How does that happen, church? Somebody's giving them a script. I'm not going to preach all the, you know, whatever. We know it's under Satan's influence. They're going to say the same thing. They have an echo chamber gospel in the media. They have it in the churches. They have it everywhere, church. But what was it? They were literally saying the exact same phrases. And these were not just generic phrases. They were specific statements. And every single one of them was reading off the same script. What is it? Keep repeating the lie. Stick to it. Never mind fact or history and the people will soon receive it. That's a scary thought that we're so gullible. And yet that's what we are without the spirit of God. Gullible. Amen. Watch. What do they do? This is the start of the Catholic Church. And what do they do? They say Peter was the first pope. Can you imagine Peter doing what the pope does today? dressed up in a funny robe with a big hat sitting in a a gilded throne as the vicor of Christ. This is a man who refused to be crucified ver with his head up lest he would be the same as Christ in that manner alone. He would not sit in a throne being the vicor of Christ much less wear a funny hat or walk around with these things that are putting out smoke and incense and all these different things crossing himself. What nonsense. But what did they do church? They took it. They made it. They they they they spoke a lie and they've been repeating it for 2,000 years. We're the original church. Peter's the original hope. Pope. Hope, I guess, too. What do they have today? Pomp, circumstance, money, authority, influence. Every day, an intelligence briefing is given to the Pope from the United States intelligence community. That's the kind of influence they have. church. That's what they have. But what don't they have? The word with signs and wonders following nothing. They've got all the people. They've got all the influence. They've got all the money. They've got all the impact. They've got all the control, but they don't have the word. And they don't have the effect of the word in their midst. But they keep saying it, and they keep saying it, and they're well over a billion people now believe it. A billion people. Can you imagine a billion people in 2,000 years keep saying a lie and pretty soon the people will receive it and it becomes a fact. And pretty soon the liars are shouting down the truth because there's more of them that are telling a lie than those that know the truth. Remember, straight is the gate, narrow is the way, and few there be that find it. Truth's not common. Amen. These people in the second church age were claiming to be Jews based on their bloodline, being related to Peter or John or Andrew or maybe Mary Magdalene or somebody else like that. And they'd say, "Hey, I I was I'm related to somebody else in the the upper room. I'm spiritual royalty." Now, I see someone shaking their head. Church, we have the exact same thing going on in the message. The exact same thing going on. Has been going on. will continue to be going on. Amen. And what do they say? Well, my grandpa told me all about it. My daddy told me all about it. My daddy walked with the prophet. My daddy was the prophet. I know better than anyone. He prophesied over me. He talked about me. He prayed for me. He said I was this. He said I was that. I was there for this. I was there for that. You should listen to me. That's what they were doing in this church age. They didn't necessarily have a calling. They didn't have proof of their ministry. But they were making claim based on who they were related to. Amen. Don't we have that claim today? People saying, "Brother Brandham said so and so over me, prophesied over me, told me I was going to do this, told me I was going to do that." And what do you look at? You look at the calling in their life and the fruits of their ministry. And what is it? Nothing good. Nothing good. I don't I don't name names. I don't want to. But you'll know these people because their claim is not that I have the Holy Spirit. Their claim is I knew the prophet or I'm related to him. Amen. Church Judas spent three and a half years with Jesus. Brother Brandham had all sorts of people hanging around him all the time. How many managers did he go through? And most of them turned their back on him eventually. Hanging around him being in his good graces means absolutely nothing. I'll tell you what, it makes me sick to the stomach. And I believe it does God the discord and the shame that's been brought to this message because people have relied on the relationship rather than the Holy Spirit in these things. It's made a mess of so many things because it's Nickelodeonism to its core. It's a lying spirit. Amen. It's a synagogue of Satan where people use their bloodline or relationship as a reason to preach or pull on people or drum up support. It's nickelianism. And it leads into exactly what the Catholic Church is, a cult off the word. How do you know these people? Everything's about who they know, not what they have. No call, no spirit. The Holy Spirit's not stuck to a family line. I don't know if you know this. Praise the Lord. Hey, brother Chad. Hey, I got a dad that doesn't have the Holy Ghost. It's a good thing that you're not in or out based on whether or not your parents have it. Amen. I like what a brother said, a preacher said. He said, "The the sons of prophets have a pretty bad track record in the scripture, and the sons of the high priest didn't do very well either." Amen. It's not based on bloodlines. It's based on faith in the word of God. Amen. The proof of a man's ministry is what it produces, not what he claims he is. Amen. It's the only way to judge it. You can get a lot of followers. You can build a church. That's easy. I could do it today with what I know. Go out and build a thousand member church and probably make a million dollars a year at it. Wouldn't be much of a church. It'd be a gathering. Wouldn't be called out ones. It'd be a church with itching ears. Knowing how to manipulate people, knowing how to tell people what they like to hear. It's not hard to do, church. If I had a personality, maybe I'd do it that way. But some people have a personality. They can draw people in no matter what. And people judge them by their personality, how much they like them rather than by the word that's supposedly coming out of their mouth. Amen. But look, these this church held them at bay. He says, "Listen, you've tried them by the word and you know they're not right. You push them back." But listen to what the prophet of God says because it's starting to infiltrate in and not everybody's winning the victory. He says, "Did you notice?" He says, "The Nickelians had gotten themselves a synagogue." Now he says the Bible says so here did you notice here in the ninth verse which are not but are the synagogue of Satan. He says the true church had been pushed out. The nickels had taken over and they had pushed out the people that had the Holy Ghost. So therefore they didn't have any use for them. What happens when you push the Holy Ghost out? Nature uphores a vacuum. Satan steps in. Well, you may lead yourself for a while, but Satan's real good at leading us places we want to go. real good at leaning to those things that we desire in our hearts and in our flesh. Amen. And he'll come right in behind that and he'll leave us lead us in our self-will. Now, that sounds like a contradiction, but he'll put a desire in us and then he'll give us what we desire. A desire he created. Eve never had a desire to leave the word until Satan offered it to her. But in the end, she followed her own will, which was, I want to be just like God. I want to produce things my own way. What it does, it leads us susceptible. Remember we preached about those prophets of Ahab. Because they wanted to please Ahab, they made themselves susceptible to a lying spirit. They were willingly fooled because of their own desires. But out of that second age and then into the third age, that nickelian spirit grew and grew and it became a real force to be reckoned with because it went from they're not allowed in. We've judged them. They're not coming in at all to oh well they say they're Christians so we're just going to let them in. Shouldn't have done it. should never have let them in in the first place. Now, that's hard, isn't it? Can you imagine saying no to somebody to come through those doors, but you know, sometimes you have to do that. Not saying we need to do it to anyone here tonight. Everybody's saved. But there are times because how do you know them? They won't submit to the word. That's why Paul put an order in for dealing with people that won't subject themselves to the word. When it's clear and when it's obvious. If we had somebody, God forbid, that was that was baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, that had committed themselves to walk a Christian life and they were living common law in this church, would we allow them through that door? No. You know what would happen? Brother Joel, Brother Matt would go talk to them first. And if they didn't listen to them, then they would take the second one or myself and we go talk to them. And if they didn't listen, then then what would happen? We would pull them in front of the church. We would say, "We've given them the word. They're clearly off the word in their life. They have a choice to repent and stop it or we'll boot them out of the church. That it's that simple. It is that simple. That's what you would do. We're not looking to put anybody out. They put themselves out. They put themselves out. But it went from we're not letting anything in. Remember brother Bram said, the purity of Ananas and Safara being dealt with. They went from that to slacking off and saying, "Well, we'll just let them do. the Lord will deal with it. No, there's some things that we need to deal with. We're authorized to deal with those things. Amen. We don't do it anymore. I trust we don't do it anymore because we don't need to do it anymore. But if, God forbid, it happened, that's what would happen. And our deacons would have a very uncomfortable time. And then I'd be stepping in behind them. And then the whole church would have to vote on that. Not vote on it. We would just say, "You're out if you don't repent." It's not even a vote. It's just the way it is. We bring them up in front of the church as a witness that they refuse to do those things. It's hard, but that's the way the spirit works. It keeps the church clean. It church keeps the church clean. Amen. And now they're in. And once they got in, then what do they do? They multiply. Unbelief multiplies like rabbits. Believers, not so much. Pretty soon they booted them all out. Watch what happens. Moves into the third church age. He says to the angel of the church in Pergamus, write these things saith he which has the sharp sword with two edges. This is the person with the word. It is Christ the word speaking. He says I know thy works and where thou dwellest even where Satan's seed is and thou holdest fast my name and has not denied my faith. Even in those days where Antipus was my faithful martyr who is slain among you where Satan dwelleth. He says, "But I have a few things against thee, because thou hast there them which hold the doctrine of Balum, which taught Bale or who taught Bailo to cast a stumbling block before the children of Israel to eat things sacrificed to idols and to commit fornication." He says, "You've got in your church, you've allowed, you've willingly allowed in your church those that adhere to the doctrine of Balum, which he taught Bailo to trip up the children of Israel." Now, what was that that that that flawed thinking? Remember what brother Araham said? What was it? Because these were relatives of the Israelites. This is Lot's family. And they said, "Hey, we're a part of the same family. We don't need to fight. We can get along. We all believe in Jesus." And they brought it in. And what did they do, church? They introduced new worship. And it was based on sensuality rather than holiness. In other words, it was based on making the worshipper feel good rather than bringing them before a god that would accept them and make them acceptable and righteous. It was about how the people loved the worship rather than the God that they loved. It was self-indulgent worship. You I was watching a a a uh I I I had to send a song over to somebody and I and I apologized because I said, you know, it gets pretty pretty heavy at the end. and you have these beautiful songs, but then they take and they turn it into a rock and roll song. And when you look at what's going on in those concerts, it's not worship of God. It's self worship. If you've ever seen a rock concert, if you've ever seen a modern uh uh concert of any type that's not Christian, it's all about self. It's all about feeling good. It's all about energy. And this is what we're getting in modern worship is we're getting energy rather than anointing. That's what we're coming to. Why? Because energy helps us. We go out, we feel on top of the world, we feel good. We shouted, we danced, we raised our hands, we cried. We are energized. But is it the spirit or is it just a spirit? You know, I've said it before, you can't start with the spirit of God and end up in rock and roll. you just were hiding it at the beginning. It's why we've got to take these things and strip that stuff out. We can sing songs that they sing in a completely different way. And I believe it's acceptable to God. But it's because we're not trying to make ourselves feel good. It's because we're worshiping the God of our hearts. Amen. But this the the the doctrine of Balum was we're all the same. We're all relatives of Abraham. We're all Christians, right? It's a blending of false gospel with a real gospel. Amen. It's an ecumenical movement, Brother Brandon would say, where you have two different belief systems coming together and we take their claim that they believe what we believe as gospel. Well, I'm a Christian. We believe the same. We should agree. No, that's not right. And you give a word test. That's how you know if they're really a Christian, if they're really sincere. And what's the result? In Balum's day, in that day, it was natural fornication. remember where it would got so so blatant that a man took a woman into his tent in the front of the temple. Actually committed the act in a tent right in front of the temple and Phineas came with a javelin and he put us put it right through both of them. And God said because of that the blessings of God will never leave Phineas's house because he wouldn't stand for it. And that man was a prince of her if I'm not mistaken. He was a prince whatever it was in the house of Israel and she was a princess. And he says, "I don't care who you are. We've got a standard of holiness in this camp." And right there, and then God followed through that with judgment. We know, brother Bam said God never forgave him for it. It was natural fornication. But what does it result in here? Spiritual fornication where they're what? They're in relationship with multiple gods of their own making rather than the one true God. He says, "So thou hast them." He says, "You got those that hold the doctrine of Balum, and so hast thou also them that hold the doctrine of the nickelians, which thing I hate." See, it started as a thought, then it was a saying that became a doctrine, but now it's a reality, and it's become a denominational system. It's men in charge of men. And God says, "I hate it. I hate it." It's amazing. This is the real coming of the Catholic Church into power. And you know the emperor Constantine's there and they have the Nyian council and it's a blended system where they took political power. What's political power church? When you get down to it, it's the will of the people. It's the will of the people. So the this ecumenical movement is the blending of the will of the people with the word of God supposedly. It's blending our will with spiritual doctrine. Amen. But remember, we're not preaching to the Catholic Church today. I'm preaching to you guys. We're not in a denomination today by God's grace trust. Amen. So the question is, brother John, how does this even apply to us? And we're closing. How does this even apply to us? You preached about all this system and all this twisted bind and twisted gospel. How in the world am I supposed to apply to this? Is anybody wondering that this evening? Yes, that's good. Look at how it started and that'll tell you if it applies to you and how it applies to you. Look at the path of how they got here. I've said it before, but you can be in a denomination of one of your own making. What did it start with? And this is really where we started last service. It starts with a thought. What was Satan's thought? I will ascend. I will. I will. I will. Starts with a thought. Starts with a desire. Starts with an intention. Amen. Starts with personal will, a plan. It can even be something as honest and sincere as seeing a need or a gap and saying, "I could probably fill that." Okay? Subtlety, sincerity, good intentions, but it initiates with self, not with God. That's the clear distinction. Amen. It's seems good, might be good, but it started by self. Maybe you share privately with a few people. Maybe just mle it over for a bit and linger on it. But the thing that you notice is that you don't bring that thought subject to the word. This is where we get caught. Good intentions, good ideas, grand visions, grand plans, whatever it might be, and it lingers there and we mull over it and we dwell on it. But one thing we don't do is take it back to the word. Amen. It's self-inspired. Now that means it could be God or it could be Satan. We don't know. But that's why we have to take it back to the word. But now after a while we mold on it. And what happens to a thought eventually church? It has to become a word, doesn't it? And so what do we do? We turn it into a doctrine. We turn it into a spoken plan. We turn it into a commitment or a vision. Maybe it's a calling, whatever it might be. And now what was a thought is coming into reality. It's not just in your mind, but now you start to talk about it and you express it and you're thinking of maybe putting it into action. So now you start to share it with people. Maybe you share with your spouse. Hey honey, this is what I'm thinking. This is what I'm seeing. And what it does is it starts with you trying to convince people, trying to recruit people, and openly getting people to work with you on this thing. Now, sometimes it only needs just one. It might be your spouse's permission or agreement, depending on what that might be. But it might be your friends. It might be your family. It might be people in your church. If you're a minister, it might be other ministers. And what is it, church? You're going around and it's gaining momentum based on your work, on your influence, but it's not based on what God's trying to do. It's your work that's giving it traction, not the moving of the spirit that's giving attraction. So when you come up, that other person isn't saying, "Oh yeah, I've thought about that. I've really been praying about that, too." They just say, "Oh, that's really interesting, brother. That's really neat, sister. We're starting to push it now. We're starting to drive it. We're starting to make it happen." Then the third stage is what we've read here. It turns into a system. It turns into a lifestyle. It turns into a decision. It turns into a ministry. It turns into a calling. Now you're past talking. Now you're into doing. Now you're into implementing. Now you're into acting based on all your work and discussions. And now you got a people that'll help you make it a reality. Might be your spouse, might be your peer group, might be the brothers, might be the ministers, might be somebody that has money, it might be the the business people. Amen. You've got your backers and you got people that will help you absorb the criticism and deflect things away from you so that you can get this thing done to make sure you can keep moving. You're committed to making it work regardless of whether or not it's working. Okay? Simple thing for this would be maybe you feel you're called to preach. Maybe you feel you're called to be a musician. You know if you want maybe you're a good speaker, people like you. You know the message. You know your Bible. You've got all the outward elements of a preacher. And so you start to think, well maybe I could be a preacher. Now that excludes all of our sisters. So let's go a different route. Maybe you want to be maybe you think I could be a musician. I play well. I love to worship. I love to sing. I love to play. I love to practice. And there's something you say, "Well, there's something in my heart. I want to be a musician." But the thing is, is it something that you want or is it something that God wants? Because it's not about ability, it's about calling. God will give you enough ability to satisfy the need, but the calling has to be there. And the spirit of God has to be there to anoint you, to make it work. Amen. I remember I told that story one time back in a church I was in and we had a a sister that just moved in an organ into the church just of her own accord and she just plugged it in and one day she started playing when the musicians were called up. She went right up with her and started playing and unfortunately she wasn't a very good player. She was stilted. She couldn't flow easily. She she'd hold up things and and just generally it wasn't conducive to a good worship service. And the song leader was fairly um strongly motivated to not have this happen again. And he had talked to the to the pastor and the pastor wasn't willing to do anything about it. And then we kicked the pastor out. So now he had an opportunity to do something about it. So he took a pair of scissors and he cut the power cord. Well, for once then she came up the next service. It obviously didn't work. So after service, she went and checked and saw the power cord was cut. So she went and had it repaired. Plugged it right back in. Didn't take a hint. So she kept playing. So now guess what happened? The pastor wouldn't deal with it. Then we booted him out. Now the song leader doesn't have any authority. So the first thing he went was to the deacons. Well, the other deacon said, "I'm leaving. John's going to have to do it." So I had to go talk to this sister. One of the hardest, most awkward decisions of my life. But I went to talk to that sister and I said, "Sister, unfortunately, we're going to have to tell you, you cannot play in the services. You can still do specials of your own. That's fine. but you cannot play the services with the regular musicians. She said, "Why?" I said, "Because you're not good enough." Now, she didn't like that. Now, that's really hard to say to somebody. That's really hard to say to somebody. Deaconly duty, brothers. But you know what she said? She said, "Well, my daddy had a dream. My daddy had a vision that I was going to play in the church, and this is the fulfillment of his dream and his vision." I said, "That's as may be, but it won't be fulfilled in this church. It's already happened technically." But I said, "I'm sorry, that's not it." I said, "You don't have the skill to play with it." And she kind of sputtered and hemmed and hawed for a while. Why, church? Because she wanted to make it happen. She was committed to being a musician in our church. And she saw her moment and she she took it. It was not given. She took it. Okay. So what happened after that is I said, "We're clear, right? You are not to play during the regular song service. You're still welcome to do specials on your own because you don't have the other musicians to worry about." Yes, sir. Okay. Within two weeks, she was going around behind our backs and talking to the people of the church saying, "Hey, do you think it's good if I'm up there playing? Do you think it's okay if I'm up there playing?" And it came back to me. And so I went to her and I said, "Sister, what are you doing? We told you you're not allowed to play." She said, 'Well, I wanted to know what the people thought.' I says, "It doesn't matter what the people think. You've been told you're not going to play." See, what was it, church? She wanted to do it so badly. She was willing to do whatever it took to make it happen. She was in an echo chamber of her and her dad that she was a great musician. And she was convinced that she was a blessing. And she wasn't. She was a hindrance. She was an embarrassment to herself. But she was so committed to making it work regardless of what the deacon said, regardless of feedback from the other musicians who were actually good. Awkward, but she was so she just had to have it, church. And that's sometimes what it looks like is you've got to have it to the point where you'll take it rather than wait for it to be given to you. Hey, don't think it doesn't happen. Moses tried to take it, but he had to come to a day where it was given to him. And by the time it was given to him, he really wasn't that interested in it because God had beaten him and taken every ounce of self self-will and ambition completely out of him. Amen. What happens, I've seen it happen with ministry. They go around and check in with people instead of checking in with God, you know, and you see how it works. You're using people as your sounding board rather than God as your sounding board. Amen. That's what David did when he tried to move the ark. He used the people as a sounding board instead of the word. I've seen it with preachers where they declare themselves a preacher and they've talked to so many people and they've got the support of so many people. They put that preacher in, he starts to preach. And let me tell you by by experience, when people back you up on something, church, they're backing you for life. Usually, we have to be so careful where we put our support because we've got to know that it's the Lord, not just oursel or not just that person. And I've seen people that said, "Yes, brother. I think you make a great preacher. I think you make a great pastor." Whatever it might be. And they put their support behind him. They put that man into that role. And then what happens? He falls flat on his face. And now they backed somebody that clearly doesn't have a gift, that clearly doesn't have the results. And now they're bound by that. And if they were to back off with their support, now they're going to hurt that man. They're going to embarrass that man. And they're going to embarrass themselves. So what do they do? They keep silent. They just keep motoring forward. And what happens is the the the the problem just progresses, progresses, progressive. Amen. And so what do they do? They get to the point where the ministry has fallen flat on its face and they can't stop and say, "Oops, the fruit of the ministry doesn't match what the word says. We made a mistake." And you can literally have a church go for 15, 20 years with the wrong person because the people put that man in rather than the Holy Spirit continues the mistake indefinitely. Pride gets tied to it. They can't repent of it. They can't even take responsibility for it. Sometimes we've got to stop. And this is really what I'm talking about tonight as we're closing. To stop and take inventory, to take responsibility for our actions, our decisions, our priorities, and then say, "Has what has come out of this been the word of the Lord? Has it been what's good for the kingdom of God or for the kingdom of John?" You know, we we do it with so many things. We do it with ministers. We do it with jobs. We do with businesses. We do with family decisions. And it's a mess because we won't repent and back up and say I misstepped. I went forward of my own valition rather than of the Holy Spirit's leadership. I didn't have a word for it. I just had a will for it. I've seen people make mistakes and we can stand this morning as I'm closing. I don't mean to be negative. Amen. But I've got a burden this evening. People make mistakes or they make a decision and the whole thing blows up in their face. nothing good comes out of it. And by that I mean nothing good for the kingdom of God. And they still declare it to be the will of the Lord. Literally seen things blow up and they say, "Boy, the Lord sure moves in mysterious ways." No, he doesn't. No, he doesn't do that. That wasn't him. That was you. That was me. That was me having to back up and just take inventory of these things and say, "Lord, that was me, and I'm sorry for it." Because the fruit that's coming out is not your word. It's just more of a mess. It's more time. It's more stress. It's not what I need. And it's not making me closer to you. We need to be able to back away from those decisions. Amen. Get uncomfortable. You know, brother Joe and I work out occasionally and we were at the gym the other day and we were trying to perfect ourselves and we've been doing a particular exercise but we weren't happy with the way we were doing it because we weren't meeting the standard for that movement and so we had to get uncomfortable. You know, sometimes we think if we're uncomfortable that means something's wrong. No, sometimes what that means is we're wrong. We've got to be willing to get uncomfortable. And so we were sitting there and and we took the weights that we could move and we cut it to well under half of what we could move easily to get that form right. And it was uncomfortable. I was very sore, very uncomfortable the next day because we're doing what we were supposed to have been doing all along. And if we've been doing it all along, we wouldn't have been nearly as uncomfortable, would we, brother Joe? We wouldn't have made the claims we made either, would we? Wouldn't have hit the target. See, sometimes we're too busy on trying to get to the end rather than getting there the right way. And we've got to be get comfortable enough to say, and I won't go into the details, but we were aiming for a certain mark. And now we're kind of re-evaluating and saying, did we really hit the mark? Because we didn't do it in perfect form. So that means we've got to go back. We've got to repent. Now, I'm using a natural example, church. We've got to repent and go back to where our form broke and say that's the only thing we were able to move properly. And if we really want to claim we're as strong as we think we are, we've got to keep that form all the way up till we set the record we're looking for. It's the same thing with the church today. We've got to be willing to get uncomfortable. Scripture says the word of God is a two-edged sword. Cuts coming and going. Amen. It's uncomfortable. because it's trimming us. We're not trimming it. But we've got to be able to sit back and say, "Lord, I'm willing to be uncomfortable if it produces your word results." Amen. In other words, are we getting closer to God or further away? Doesn't matter if we feel better if we didn't get closer to God. Doesn't matter if we've got more money if we're not closer to God. Doesn't matter if we're healthier if we're not closer to God. Paul said, I or John said, I believe, I would that thou would prosper and be in good health, even as thy soul doth prosper. Jesus said it simply, seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness, and all these things will be added to you. You know what righteousness is? It means acceptable to God. There's only one way you can be acceptable to God, and that's in Christ. But it's also to live your life by his will day by day. And that's where we've got to be able to take inventory. You know, I've got a burden and I don't just want us coming to church. I was sharing with my wife today and I won't share the specifics, but I said I had I rewrite my prayer list every well once I fill up the pages. I have every family in this church is on my prayer list. And as needs come and go, I I add them in and I cross them out. And two years ago, I had something that I noticed with certain people. Might have been single people, might have been families. Two. This time we're up to six. six families or groups of people or individuals where things I'm seeing are pointing to a cooling off, a falling away, a degenerating of your relationship with Christ. That's why I'm preaching this tonight. That hurt when I wrote it out. I said, "Lord, we're getting worse, not better, in these areas." It's not up for debate. It's not up for, oh, that's just perception. No, it's obvious. It's clear. I say, Lord, don't help us. Help us not to cool off. Lord, help us to stay tight to your word. Amen. Church, we need him to be the priority of our lives day in and day out. The center of our life. Amen. The center of our decisions, the center of our being. In him, we live and move and have our being. Remember, we remember that scripture. We've read that. I say, Lord, help us today. Amen. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Lord Jesus, Lord, you know my heart tonight, Lord. And it's your word. It's your message. It's your bride. It's your church. But Lord, if your prophet was screaming it out in the first church age and in the second church age and all the way through to the seventh, Lord, I pray that your Holy Spirit would cry out tonight. Don't cool off. Lord, we've got a choice to make. Choose you this day whom you will serve. But for me and my house, we will serve the Lord. Lord, I pray you help us to take inventory tonight. Lord, that we're not cooling off. That this isn't just church, Lord, but that it is life and death. Lord, your prophet said it's the Holy Ghost or perish. Lord, I pray your mercy would fall tonight where we've cooled off. Lord, where we've willingly walked down a road of our own choosing and making. Lord, where we've elevated something else above our first love, which is you. Forgive me, Lord. Forgive me. Lord, I pray we could repent tonight even of this. Lord, we've said anything ahead of you. Lord, I pray your mercy and grace to us. Lord, let us take inventory tonight soberly. Lord, not trying to pin anyone to the wall, Lord. Not trying to work something up or pull anything down, Lord. But may we look inwardly in our hearts and say, Lord, are you the center of my life, Lord, am I putting all imaginations and every thought, Lord, subject to you? Lord, am I walking in a way of my own will? Grace to your people tonight, heavenly father, I pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Create in me a clean heart. 150. Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. Create in me a plea heart. Oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. and cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord, and take not thy holy spirit from me. Restore art to me the joy of thy salvation and renew a right spirit within me. Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. and cast me God away from thy presence, oh Lord, and take not thy holy spirit from me. Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation and renew arise spirit with ite cast me not away and cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord. &gt;&gt; Take not thy holy spirit from me. Restore out to me the joy of thy salvation and renew a bright spirit within me. &gt;&gt; This is my heart I give you or this my desire. 10:19 [Music] This is my desire to honor you. Lord, with all my heart I worship you. [Music] And all I have within me, I give you praise. All that I adore is in you. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. And this is my desire to honor you. Lord, with all my heart I worship you. And all I have within me, I give you praise. All that I adore, it is in you. And Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. Amen. Before we close, we're going to sing that song, Draw Me, Draw Me, Lord, 12:15. I'll come running back to you. Amen. Remember the prayer request. We've got a number of people not here tonight. Remember Cherylyn Piery again. Amen. God's grace to her. Amen. God bless you. [Music] &gt;&gt; You alone are all I need. For you hold my destiny. You alone are ally. In you alone I am complete. Draw me, draw me, Lord, and I'll come running after you. Draw me. Draw me, Lord. Lord, and I'll come running after you. And you alone are all I need. For you hold my destiny. You alone are all I need. In you alone I am complete. As brother Chad comes, draw me, draw me, Lord, and I'll come running after you. Draw me, draw me, Lord. Lord, and I'll come running after you. One more time. So, draw me, draw me, Lord, and I'll come running after you. me. Draw me, Lord, and I'll come running after you. Brother Chad, will you come close, Chad? [Music] Oh, Father God, when you draw us, Lord, please, whatever tries to stop us, Father, let nothing hinder &gt;&gt; your call, Lord. &gt;&gt; Your call on our life, Lord. Sometimes, Father God, we get complacent and we allow things in and things that'll hinder us, Lord. And we either willfully, Father, or unknowingly, Lord, we lay it at your feet, Father God. &gt;&gt; Help us, Father God, get to the place, Lord, that you really called us to be. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; You called us. You separated us. You raised us up a different people, Lord. We know the enemy is fighting that, Lord. And we just ask for your grace in its victory, Lord. Lord, not to be a big somebody, Lord, but to be somebody in your eyes, Lord. Father, those struggling, Lord, having a hard time, Father, I pray grace for them today, Lord. I'm forgetting our family as well. Lord, we just pray that you move in our lives, Father, a lot stronger than anything out there that's trying to pull us left or right, Lord. Thank you for all you've done, Lord. All you continue to do, Lord. Father God, you said you'd have a little church, Lord. I believe that we are the ones, Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. I thank you, Father, for friends and family, Lord, that pray and and love one another, Lord, and and a pastor who cares, Lord, and and really stands for your word, Lord. I pray, Lord, that you bless Brother John, restore any virtue that has left his body, Lord, be with his family in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I am your love. Lord, how Lord, I I come running after Oh Lord. [Music] Holy wonder to Glory. You are here. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music]
