################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-15 - 202506015 - The Token Life Pt 59 - Absolute Power Pt 2 - Bro Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-15
Title:    202506015 - The Token Life Pt 59 - Absolute Power Pt 2 - Bro Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 22m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jz2mHDCs_2w
========================================

Description:
Quotes and Scriptures: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1rSJ_nsIYAelUK9q_I4f73cHTYctLnrKX/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] will do. Nothing else can take your place. to feel the warmth of your embrace. Help me find the way. Bring me back to you. You're all I want. You're all I ever needed. You're all I want. Help me know you are near. Draw me close to you. [Music] Never let me go. I lay it all down again. To hear you say that I'm your friend. No one else will do. Nothing else can take your place to feel the warmth of your embrace. Help me find a way. Bring me back to you. Man, you're all I want. You're all I've ever needed. You're all I want. Help me. No, you are need. You're all I want. You're all I've ever needed, man. You're all I want. Help me know you are need. You're all I want. You're all I've ever needed. You're all I want. Help me know you I need. You're all I want. You're all I've ever needed. You're all I want. Help me know you are near. Amen. Let's sing uh 10:19. Lord, I give you my heart. This is my desire [Music] to honor you, Lord. With all my heart I worship you. that all I have within me I give you praise. All that I adore is in you. mine. Lord, I give you my I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, [Music] Lord, have your way in me. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. This is my desire to honor you. Amen. Help us Lord with all my heart. I worship you and all I have within me. I give you praise. All that I adore is in you. And I glory. Cuz Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, have your way in me. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. Amen. Welcome everyone here this morning. Got some prayer requests. Um, [Music] brother Mack gave me a note which I've lost and found. Let's uh pray for Sister Elelliana. She's hurt her back. This is from Sister Isa. Grace to grace to her. Uh, pray for Brother Dale. Continue to pray for him. Um, Sister Brenda, want to just keep her lifted up in prayer, as well as Sister Lorie Snow, and Brother Gourd Snow, Sister Cordella, Brother Nelson Guy, also Brother Paul and the family are home today. Uh, Brother Paul's sick and uh, Wednesday night, he gave me a a prayer request that I I forgot to mention that the boys were home Wednesday. I'm not I haven't got an update on that, but uh, you could just safe to pray for the the whole family there. Just that everyone's feeling better. Also, um, Brother Bob asked me to mention that there's, um, a number of framed pictures in the fellowship hall that are on display. Um, that we we don't have a need of here in the church. So, you're you're welcome to them if any anybody wants to put one in their home or take them all. Um, just help yourself to it. Uh, Brother Chad's going to ask you to open open in prayer, brother. And brother Chad's got a testimony he wanted to share. So, Let's sing this again and and we'll uh we'll go to prayer. This is my desire to honor you. Lord, with all my heart I worship you. And all I have within me, I give you praise. All that I adore is in you, my name. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. [Music] You alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. Lord, heavenly father, we invite you to come, Lord. Come amongst your people, Father God. Move in a special way, Lord, to let them know that you indeed are God. You are the father that answers prayers. You are the light to the darkness. Lord, you're the giver of every good gift. You're the very air that we breathe. Lord, we thank you, Lord, for all you've done, all you continue to do, Lord. We pray for little Elella, Lord, as she heard her back, Father God, and her young sister. Come up and ask for prayer, Lord. And we just pray that you touch her heart as well, Lord. everyone else on the prayer list. Father God, we put before you, everyone is just as important as another. Lord, just ask that you visit them, touch them, Lord. In Jesus Christ's holy name we pray. Amen. And grab a seat there for a minute. And I was sitting in service and uh everybody was testifying last week and just kept coming to me. Remember that concrete curve? Sounds strange, but someone in concrete. You know, when God delivers you of something, it's very important, no matter the excuse, the reason, the professionals, never to go back to it. Many of you know I suffer from a extremely bad back and uh you know God delivered me from drugs and alcohol and all these things many many years ago and the doctor prescribed me uh percoetses and you know I had my ups and downs of them over the years but they were really bad for me and I fought I literally you know brother Brown says you got to fight to go to hell that's what it's like I fought myself and warned, should I take them? Shouldn't I take them? Anyways, I started to take them. I went up. I got up to almost eight a day. Last going off, you know, I was below as directed two a day, but it still wasn't a point. Something happened at that moment that changed me. I become very stoic, if you will. My wife would say, "I love you." I say, "Love is just emotion." like just cold darkness cuz when I was debating whether to take them, not to take them, I just kept remembering seven worst devils would come. Seven worse. And it did. I got to a bad bad place when I no longer heard the voice of God. Wanted to hear the voice of God. Wanted nothing to really do with it. I kept coming to church because I'm not a quitter. I'm a fighter. But number two, I know this is the truth. Once you believe something, you cannot unbelief. That's where the devil don't understand. If you believe it, you can't unbelieve it. All you could do is believe it's not for you. So for my family's sake, I know this is the truth. So we were sitting here and I mean, I've had a tough time the last couple years. You know, I kind of felt like Adam when he got kicked out of the garden. You you know, you spend so much time in the presence and praying and and you know, it's it was a hard place to go through and I wouldn't wish it on anybody. And you can make all the money in the world. You I thank God that he blesses you based on what he's doing, not what you're doing. You know, people used to say, you know, money can't buy you happiness. I used to say, well, let me figure that out myself. But nothing, there's no amount of money, there's no amount of nothing to have that peace. I lost my peace, that peace with God. I had a guy, um, he was doing concrete and he had a concrete curb and I pulled up and I said, "That's that's wrong. it's not going to work out. And he said, "Chad, you don't know what you're talking about. That's going to be perfect." I said, "It's not going to work." But I let him do it anyways. Every time he questions me, I says, "Remember that curb?" Every time for a long time, I blame God. I Lord, why would you let me go through this? When the brothers were testifying, it kept coming to me. Remember that concrete curve, God. sometimes will allow you to do what you want just to show you. Remember my word. He let me go through that so I could appreciate what he has given me. We had the special meetings and I was sitting there, you know, and I was I'm not going up for prayer. I've been up for prayer many times. The greatest preachers in the message. I'm I'm a very straight to the point person. The Bible says in my name you shall cast out devils. That's what I believe. Just don't tell me why you can't do it. That's just what I believe. And I'm sitting there and I'm arguing. I'm saying, "Lord, I'm not going up." And then I said, "Unless I see the pillar of fire." I said, "Forgive me, Lord, for saying, you know, show me your hands and it'll suffice. That's how I feel." All of a sudden, I just kept hearing Brother Brandham, you know, thinking Brother Brandham said the light was shining over someone and God was calling him, but he would not come. After that, a light come right here. Right here. I'm shaking now just thinks about it. and peace come back. Praise God. Right after that, Brother Joel s or brother Joel sang this song about peace. God bless you. Thank you, brother. Let's sing at 12:55. Our God is tremendous. [Music] When I'm in need, I call on the Lord and he hears me. Yes, he helps me. His faithful and true. Won't get his own. I know. My companion, my best friend, the only true God. There's no one greater, wonderful savior. Jesus the lion of Judah. Our God is tremendous. His strength never failth. He'll go through the fire just to save a sinner. Yes, he is almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. There is no storm too powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God is simplicity revealing you and me. came down from his glory and gave us a victory. The greatest love story. When you're in trouble, Jehovah Ni, the great enforcer, God Almighty, you fight your battles. Oh yes, he will stand for you. Glory. Thank you Lord will come not the way you think it should but my great Jehovah just likes the paradox just stay in your position and watch the miraculous come into action. [Music] Our God is tremendous. His wicked never failth. He stood through the fire just to save a sinner. Yes, he is almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. There is no storm too powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God is simplicity revealed in you and me. came down from his glory and gave us a victory. The greatest love story. When you're in trouble, Jehovah Ni, the great enforcer, God Almighty will fight your battles. Oh yes, he will stand for you. Thank you, Lord. Victory will come. Not the way you think it should, but my great Jehovah. Just loves a paradox. Just stay in your position and watch the miraculous come into action. Our God is tremendous. His strength never failth. He'll go through the fire just to save a sinner. Almighty. Amen. Thank you, Lord, to guide me. There is no storm too powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God is simplicity revealed in you and me. came down from his glory and gave us the victory. The greatest love story. Amen. Brother Chad asked me just to add here that uh after he was prayed for, he was delivered of all pain pain medication and he said it quit me. I didn't quit it. So, praise the Lord for that, brother. That's that's a miracle. [Music] Let's sing uh 1252. Be still my soul. And be still my soul. The Lord is on your side. Bear patiently the cross of grief or pain. Lead to your God to order and provide. In every change he faithful will remain. Be still my soul. your best, your heavenly friend through thorny winds leads to a joyful end. Thank you, Lord. Be still my soul. your God will undertake to guide the future as he has the past. Thank you, Lord. your hope, your calm, but in split nothing and share. All now mer shall be bright at last. Be still my soul. The waves and winds glory. Thank you Lord them while he lived below. Amen. Be still my soul when tears friends depart and all is darkened in the veil of tears. Then you will be know his love his heart who comes to soothe your sorrows and your fears. Be still my soul. [Music] Your Jesus can repay from his own fullness all he takes away. Amen. Be still my soul. The hour is hastening on when we shall be forever with the Lord. and disappoint and grief and fear are gone. Sorrow for God. Love's pure rejoice restored. Be still my soul when change and tears are passed. All safe and blessed. We shall meet. Be still my soul. your God will undertake. Thank you Lord. to guide the future as he has the past. Your hope, your comfort and slid shake. All now mer [Music] shall be bright at last. Be still my soul. The waves and winds still know his voice who ruled them while he lived below. What a beautiful song. Let's sing uh number 16. Let the beauty of Jesus Let the beauty of Jesus be seen in me. All his wonderful passion and purity. Oh thou spirit divine, all my nature refined till the beauty of Jesus be seen in me. Amen. granted. Oh, let the beauty of Jesus be seen in me. All his wonderful passion and pureity. All the spirit divine, all my nature refined till the beauty of Jesus be seen in me. Amen. Oh, let the beauty of Jesus be seen in me and all his wonderful passion and pure. All thou spirit divine, all my nature refine, till the beauty of Jesus be seen in me. Can't you see why I'm so happy? I've accepted the word of the Lord. The reveal word that was spoken by the prophet man. Thank you, Lord. Oh, can't you see? Let's stand. Oh, why I'm so happy [Music] I've accepted the word of the Lord. The reveal word that was spoken by the prophet of Malachi. Can't you see [Music] why I'm so happy? I've accepted the word of the Lord, the revealed word that was spoken by the prophet of Malachi 4. Amen. Lord Jesus, Lord, we want to thank you this morning, Lord, that your word has been opened up to us, Lord, that we're reading from an open book this morning, Lord, Lord. And it's not just about stories and ideas and theology, Lord, but it's an inheritance, Lord. It's a promise, Lord. It's a book with our name written all over it by your grace and your mercy, Lord, by your sovereign calling before the foundation of the world. And Lord, we're here this morning to claim our promises. Lord, we're here to read our name out of the book, Lord. That where you placed it, Lord, we want to claim it this morning, heavenly father. Lord, we're here to lift your word up. We're here to lift you up, Lord. We're here to just dwell in your presence this morning, Lord, to take whatever you would have for us, Lord, and to walk in faith and receive it. So, Lord, bless your people again this morning. We pray, Lord, minister to your bride. We ask in Jesus Christ's name we pray it. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Turn if you would to Numbers chapter 23. Numbers 23. My the church is looking so full all of a sudden from up here. We've got uh brother Filimon back there. I see sister Karen here with the boys. God bless you. Good to see you this morning and different ones. Amen. God bless you each one. Certainly want to wish a happy Father's Day to all the fathers here. Amen. God bless you. We're not doing a Father's Day service. We are a little bit but not really. Amen. It applies to fathers, but this year it was the mother's year. Maybe next year it'll be the father's year, but we're going to speak about a father this morning. But God bless you each one for your stand in the word and for raising your families the way that you ought to. Amen. God bless you. Help you to keep yourself there. Amen. That you be the high priest of your home day in and day out. You set an example for your wife and your children to follow. Amen. I appreciate brother Chad's testimony. He had shared a bit with it uh last uh last Wednesday, I think it was, and asked if he could share that. So, we praise the Lord. Amen. God's not dead. God's not dead. We're not here for theology, church. If you want theology, go someplace else. We're here to serve a living God. Amen. A God that moves in our lives, in our midst, that changes us. Amen. And prepares us to go in a rapture. Amen. God bless you. Numbers 23:19 says this, "God is not a man that he should lie, neither the son of man that he should repent, but he have he said, and shall he not do it, or have he spoken, and shall he not make it good?" Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats this morning. What a wonderful scripture. I It's kind of scary that the person saying this is a false prophet. This is Balum that said this. If you go and read Numbers 23, this is Balam going to try and curse Israel. But he says to Bao, he says, "I can only say what God puts in my mouth." And he says, "God isn't like man. He doesn't He doesn't say something that's a lie." He doesn't say something and then take it back. He says, "But if he says it, he's going to do it. And if he's spoken it, he's going to make it good." That's the God we're serving this morning. And I want to continue our thoughts. We've been preaching on the the life of the Holy Spiritfilled believer and I want to take another service on this thought of absolute power. We're going to be here for quite a while. I think this will be the kind of the apex of this this series. But we want to speak about absolute power again this morning. And we know uh as as I was mentioning on Wednesday night after brother Garfield preached, he was stomping all over the grounds that I've been studying on. But that's okay. We want that. Amen. God knows what he's doing and he can bring it from different angles and these different things. But remember last service we spoke about the incomplete power of the disciples. how they had power to cast out demons and they had power to raise the dead and heal the sick and all these things and yet they couldn't get out of their own way. We're not going to go there today. We're going to move past that. The Lord led me in a different direction, but we'll come after that maybe next Sunday, the Lord willing. But I want to take us back to the Old Testament this morning because we can see the types and shadows. The Old Testament is for our our recognition to see how God works and the way that God does things so that as we come into the New Testament, we see the fulfillment of it. We can see how he does it then. So, we can see how he's going to do it now. And what they received in part is what we receive in fullness under the covenant of grace. Amen. In the New Testament. But I want us to see as we're speaking on absolute power this morning. This one key thing. And that is power is always given with purpose. When God gives power, God gives power with purpose. Amen. And that's our theme this morning. Amen. If we think that all we need is power, then we're going to fail in our Christian walk. Because we look around today and we have all sorts of power. We have economic and financial power. We have influential power. We have physical power with our bodies and strength. Amen. We have uh emotional power. We have all these sorts of things. And yet when we look around what has happened with power, we see nothing good. Why? Because people have power but they don't know how to apply it. They don't know where to put it. And because in our human nature we are selfish. All it leads to is us abusing somebody and somebody abusing us back because we're all caught up in this in this stinking flesh that just wants what's good for itself. Amen. So the problem is not the power. The problem is the people. The problem is that we lack the character to use the power. The problem is that we lack the purpose to use the power. And that means that we lack the right motive and the right objective. So even when we sort of go in the right direction, we still break it apart because we do it for the wrong reasons. And so power when it's not applied with purpose just causes problems for everyone. But we see if we go back to the time of the children of Israel, we see how God put absolute power into a man's life. And we see that God chose Moses to be a deliverer. Amen. And he chose him to be a deliverer of the children of e of Israel from Egypt. And God chose Moses for a purpose. He didn't just say, "Moses, I've come down to have a relationship with you. Moses, I'm just revealing myself to you so that you can say I met God. But he came down in the form of a burning bush, in the pillar of a fire, in a plant. And he says, I am come down to do something, and you're the one I'm going to do it with. I'm going to use you, Moses. Amen. God had a reason for choosing him. And God gives Moses a commission when he meets him. And in Exodus 3, God says to Moses, "Come now, therefore, and I will send thee unto Pharaoh, that thou mayest bring forth my people, the children of of Israel, out of Egypt." Amen. So Moses' commission is to bring the children of Israel out of Egypt. His commission is to deliver them out of slavery. His commission is to change their condition, if we could put it that way. Amen. His commission is to get them to believe the word of God. It's all tied into this one thing. But it's not just about taking them out of Egypt because he says, "And Moses said unto God, who am I that I should go unto Pharaoh that I should bring forth the children of Israel out of Egypt?" And God said, "Certainly I will be with thee, and this shall be a token unto thee that I have sent thee, when thou hast brought forth the children, the people out of Egypt. You shall serve God upon this mountain." Now, notice what God's doing. He's not just setting them free to take them out of bitter bondage. He's setting them free to worship him. Amen. He's got a reason for setting them free. And he says, "Moses, the first thing you're going to do is you're going to bring them back to the mountain where I gave them where I gave you your commission. They'll come back and I'm going to give them their commission." Amen. It's not just the message from Moses. I've got a message I want to give to them and I've got to bring them back to me so that they can continue this journey with the right mindset. It's the first thing he did, church. What was he doing? He was trying to get him to see what was important. What's important is not the land that's waiting. What's important is the one that promised you the land. Cuz if you don't go with him, you're not going to get the land. If you don't get your commission up front, you're going to not know what to do when you get to the land. He was telling them, you got to set the preeminence. And the preeminence is God. The preeminence is not the land. The preeminence is God. If you walk with God, you'll get the land. But without God, you'll never get the land. Church, you can go up and you can cross over. You'll never get the victory. He was setting a priority for their lives. He was trying to get them to a relationship in a new and living way that they hadn't had for 430 years. God was trying to reveal himself to them. I think we need to keep that in mind today. When somebody new is coming to church when we're talking to people that don't know Christ, we can't try and get them where we are. We've got to get the priority straight, and that is get them to Jesus Christ. get them to a place where they are established on a sure foundation that cannot be moved and then their journey they'll never get away from it. But if we drag them along to Canaan land where we're already living, what's going to happen is they're going to run up against the giant and they're not going to have a clue how to deal with it. Why? Cuz they haven't received their commission by the word yet. They need to receive a commission. Amen. We all have to walk the same path, but we can't expedite the process. It's like trying to help a little chick come out of its egg. If you do it, you'll kill it. You'll kill it because it's got to grow and mature in Christ. God says, I'll be with you, Moses. And here's the proof. I'm going to bring the children of Israel back to serve me like you're serving me. He says, "And God said, moreover unto Moses, thus shalt thou say to the children of Israel, the Lord God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, God of Isaac, the God of Jacob, has sent me unto you, this is my name forever, and this is my memorial unto all generations." I skipped some verses there. Moses says, "Who shall I say sent me?" He says, "I am." The everpresent God. Not the I was and not the I will be. The I am. The right here today, church. That's the God we're preaching this morning. The God that is here today. That's the God that takes away pain medication addictions. That's the God that heals uh pains and sicknesses and hurts and families. The I am, not the I will be. He says I will. But he's here right now. He's here right now. He says, "Go and gather the elders of Israel together and say unto them, the Lord God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob have appeared to me, saying, I have surely visited you and have seen what is done unto you in Egypt. And I have said, I will bring you up out of the affliction of Egypt, unto the land of the Canaanites, the Hittites, the Amorites, the Parizzites, the Hivites, the Jebusites, unto a land flowing with milk and honey." Now, I want to summarize something real quickly here. this idea of a commission because this is critical when we're speaking of absolute power. How many would say this morning, I want to have absolute power in my life. That's the only kind of power I want. Absolute power. And we're going to dwell more on this maybe more in the future services what absolute power really means. But I want you to capture this that power comes with purpose. And the purpose comes through a commission. Okay? So that word commission in the Greek it means it is permission with full power. A commission is permission with full power. And we can see this in the military where an officer would receive a commission. So with his commissions comes three things. It comes with rank. It comes with authority. And it comes with orders. Okay? Comes with those three things. If you're a captain in the military, your commission is not to go sit on a chair in an office. Your commission is to lead men in a purpose or soldiers in a purpose. And when you go into that purpose, the full power of the military is behind you to achieve your objective. So it may not be war. It might be humanitarian effort if they've had a big flood somewhere. You may as a captain have the right to go and they say your orders are to go and rescue these people that are stuck on the roofs in these flooded areas. So you've got a commission. You've got the men to do it. Now you need the resources. So, you can't go take an aircraft carrier to do this. That would exceed your authority. That would exceed the reasonable expectations of rescuing people on a flooded river. You don't need an aircraft carrier. But if you need small boats, you need gas, you need ropes, you need uh life preservers, you need food supplies, all these different things, you can go for that. And when somebody says you can't have that, what do you do? You hold up your commission, you hold up your orders, and you say, "I've got a right to it." Because it's signed by somebody that's greater than you are. And so you can take whatever you need to do what your commission tells you to do. Amen. So you got three things. Authority, purpose, and you've got power. The purpose points you in the right direction. It tells you what you're supposed to do. Authority gives you the ability to command and take what you need. And power is there to enforce what you have asked for. That's the three things that come with commission. Amen. So you have all of that behind you. Now, Moses has been given a commission to deliver the people. And God puts all of his power behind Moses. All of his power behind Moses. He says, "Moses, I'll tell you what to do. You do it and I'll back it up." And so Moses goes down to Egypt and what does he do? God tells him what to say. Moses says it. And whatever Moses says happens, church, that's absolute power. There is no difference between what he says and what occurs because what? It's not him. It's God. God is now flowing through a channel of human flesh to produce something and it's a deliverance for the people of Israel. So Moses, now remember now God says, "I'll be with you. I'm going to deliver, but you're the one that's going to be doing the work, Moses. You've got to walk. You've got to talk. You've got to go back to the land that you run away from so long ago. You've got to stand before Pharaoh. You've got to have courage. But Moses, I'll be with you. But you're going to have to do the work, Moses. You're gonna have to be the boots on the ground for me in this. He says, "It's my work, but you're the one I'm going to work through." Church, don't ever forget it this way. If the commission is from God, it's got to be the power from God, too. Moses could never deliver on his own. He'd already tried it and it never worked. If my power can do it, it would already be done. If your power could do it, it would already be done. So, we've got to step beyond the power that we have in our humanity, in our mental faith, and we've got to step into a greater power. And it's the absolute power of almighty God channeled through human flesh again. And the only way it can come is if you accept your commission. You got to accept a personal commission by the word of God to do what he asks you to do. Amen. Amen. And so that requires a recognition that what? I can't do this. And therefore, the more I can get myself out of the way, the better and the sooner and the more complete the work is going to be. That's what absolute power requires. Absolute surrender. Absolute hands off the wheel. Amen. Moses goes down to Egypt. God tells him what to say. He says it and the results followed. Every time Moses was never left hanging, church, what he said, God did cuz God had told him to do it in the first place. And when Moses spoke judgment, judgment followed. Plague after plague after plague. And we know the effect it had. It riled up the Egyptians. It riled up Pharaoh. And all of a sudden, conditions start to get worse for the people of God. Their life starts to get harder. Now they got to make bricks without straw being supplied. They've got to go reap straw from stubble and still produce the same amount of bricks. And guess what? They couldn't do it. They couldn't do it. And so they're working from before sunset, sunrise to after sunset, and they still can hit the marks. Amen. And so for a season things are tough, but we see that after this tribulation and this trial that they have, when they come out of Israel, they're in perfect condition for the journey that's ahead. The very thing that they thought was persecution was getting them ready to walk through the desert mile after mile, hour after hour, day after day. Amen. But church, it got worse before it got better. It's going to get worse before it gets better. I mean, I've been talking to people lately and we see the things that are going on around this world. It's getting worse and it's going to get worse before it gets better, church, because we know what's happening is there's a system that's coming in and it's so close. And so what we get are the touches of it without the full reality of it. But if you're a believer on this earth, it's going to get worse before it's going to get better. Why? Because there's a squeeze that comes to prepare us for the journey. And it's the work of God. It's actually the grace of God that's getting us in a condition to go into a rapture and a resurrection. We know God delivered them by his mighty hand, brought them through the Red Sea and the desert. And then they come to Sinai and God starts to now fill in the gaps on this great redemption plan, this restoration plan of bringing them to the land that he promised to Abraham. and he said, "I'll bring you into Canaan." He says, "It's a wonderful land." And yes, there's people on there, but he doesn't give a whole lot of details when he talks to Moses, but when they come to Sinai, now it's time to receive a commission by the people. It's not just Moses commission, but it's the people's condition. Church, you'll notice God doesn't give his plan all upfront. Why? Because we try and get involved. You look at people that got the the commission early on and we always try and get our hands into it. We always try and get our fingers in the pie because we think we can make it happen. Look at what Sarah and Abraham did. We have no peace in the Middle East because they tried to make God's plan come through. God reveals it as we need it and only as far as we need for the next step. And God comes down and he starts to tell them, "Amen. Why does he do that, church? Why does he hold things back?" Not just because we try and get our hands into it, but because we're supposed to walk by faith. It's a walk by faith. It's a walk by faith. And so we've got to trust God and that as long as he's leading, we're good. No matter what we can see or what we can't see, what we're facing, what we don't know is ahead. It doesn't matter to us. What matters is that God is leading us. Now watch now. God comes down. So we read in Exodus 3, the commission to Moses. Now he says gives the commission to the people. He says, "I will send my fear before thee and will destroy all the people to whom thou shalt come. And I will make all thine enemies turn their backs under thee." We preached on this many services ago. I won't go into depth on this. He says, "And I will send hornets before thee, who shall drive out the Hivite, the Canaanite, the Hitittite from before thee. I will not drive them out from before thee in one year." This is going to be a a a process. It's going to be a process of time. He says, "Lest the land become desolate and the beasts of the field multiply against thee, but let by little and little I will drive them out from before thee until thou be increased and inherit the land." So notice how God says, "I will. I will. I will." Here's your commission. Your commission is to go out and take the land, but I'll be with you and I'm going to do the work. I'm going to do the power. I'm going to put fear into the inhabitants. I will. I will. I will. Why does he say I will so much, church? Because we always start to do comparisons. If he starts saying, you will. You will. You will. So, he says, I'm going to be the power behind this work that takes Canaan out of the land of all these powerful people, all these great wealth cities, all these people that have greater technology. They're bigger, stronger, meaner. It doesn't matter. I'm gonna do it because he knows what's going to come as a comparison at some point. And he's trying to establish the battle doesn't belong to you, but the battle belongs to God. You just have to get your sword out and walk up to that person. I'll make sure the point goes where it needs to go. It's not you that's going to win. I'm going to win it. I just need you to walk in front of me. I just need you to take me at my word. That's all God's looking for. Amen. Why? Because in comparisons, believers always lose. We always lose when we compare ourselves to other people, ourselves to circumstances, ourselves to sickness, or whatever it might be. We always lose because in and of ourselves, we cannot win. We cannot do it. Everything is greater than us. But Paul said, "I can do all things through Christ which strengthens me." That's what absolute power is. And God says, "I'll be with you. I've prepared a way to get them out. I just need you to go. Your commission is to go. Walk forward and don't stop walking until every single one of those is out of the land. Amen. God's speaking this to Moses. Moses brings it to the people. Says, "Here's your task. Here's your commission. Walk forward. It's thus sayeth the Lord. It's thus sayeth the Lord. His word can't fail. You just have to accept it. You just got to walk forward." Amen. But I want to to show something here this morning. This is really the gist of this this thought this morning because I want us to look at the condition of the people as they came out of Israel. I want you to see how God does these things because they were slaves in bitter bondage as brother Mark would say or as Charlton H would say I guess really bitter bondage. And the scripture doesn't say they were all 25 years old. They were old. They were middle-aged and they were young. You had tiny little ones and you had really old ones. But watch what the scripture says. When they came out of Egypt, he says, "He brought them forth also with silver and gold. And there was not one feeble person among their tribes." That word feeble is is is pretty heavy. someone that's feeble. It says it means to totter or stumble or waver or falter. To be cast down, overthrown, decayed, ruined, weak, and injured. Okay? God said they weren't like that. So, they didn't stumble. They didn't fall. They weren't injured. They weren't weak. They weren't falling apart. They didn't have conditions that kept them from walking. But every single person that walked out of Egypt walked out with their own strength, with their own health. They were all able-bodied. Every single one, church, there wasn't a one that had been destroyed by slavery. Rather, the slavery had prepared them for the journey that was ahead. Remember what Peter said that the trial of your faith would be more precious than gold tried in the fire. What you're going through is preparing you for what God has for you next. and you'll walk in stronger than you would have if he just left you alone. We're not here for a life of ease. We're here to get ready to go. That's what we're here for. Amen, church. This that the heavy bondage was God's sovereign grace to that people. We don't think of things that way, but God under that had gotten them to a place where they didn't get sick, they didn't get weak, they were strong. Didn't matter what you did to them, they just got better and better. And that was God's choosing. That was God's preparation. That was God's grace to them was that they walked out that way. There's no explanation for it. Old people are old. I don't want to name names, but they don't move like they used to anymore. I don't move like I used to. My wife and I were talking. I said, "How old was so and so?" She says, "Oh, in her 50s, not that old." She said, "We they're not that old because we're getting so close to 50 now." And it's true. But guess what? Old people are old and that comes with limitations. Young people are young. Babies are young. That comes with limitations. But yet they went out, church. No limitations on them. What is it? It's the sovereign preparation and grace of God for the journey ahead. But catch this. They don't have a commission yet. They're merely walking along following the pillar of cloud and the pillar of fire. That's all they're doing. But God has still prepared them for that little walk, that little journey to bring them there. Amen. And then when they came to the place where God revealed himself personally, what does God do? He gives them a commission. He says, "Now grace has served its purpose. Now we've got to walk beyond grace. Grace isn't going away, but grace has to become something else." Amen. Grace has to turn into faith at some point. Grace has to turn into faith at some point. We'll get into it in a minute. But notice now they receive their commission and he says the commission is go into the land of Canaan, destroy the inhabitants and take what they have and make it yours. And he said, "Every one of you has a place in that land. All you got to do is go take it." So their commission now comes with inheritance. So we're not just here, church, to fight for our brothers and sisters. We're here to fight for me, too. It's not selfish. It's by commission. If God says there's a portion that's for you, I'm allowed to fight what's for me. I can't just have everything for Sister Amber or Brother Mark. He's got things in there for me, too. And I'm allowed to fight for what belongs to me. In fact, I'm commissioned to fight for what belongs to me. But I don't get to leave the rest of you behind. We're all in this together. We've all got to receive our inheritance. And until we're going all going in, we can't receive our inheritance. So, we got to get everyone across the finish line. Amen. But that that commission in Exodus 23 wrote the names of every single Israelite tribe and family into the promised land. And so you could pull up a map and you could see where all the tribes were supposed to go. And you could say, "Hey, I'm of the tribe of Issachar. This is where we're going to go. Boy, I really like that land. Maybe we could get that over by the lake there. I really like lake property." And you could write your name in there. I'm going to go talk to Joshua and see if maybe we can pencil in that that lakefront property up front. There's something in it for you, church. We're not fighting without benefit. There's something that's in it for us. Amen. So God didn't just send them a deliverer. God sent them a deliverer with a message, with a commission. See, too often, church, we put it on the prophet. We put it on the preacher. We put it on the five-fold ministry. But they're coming with a message for you. Behold, I send unto you, Elijah the prophet. Elijah didn't come for himself. He came for you with a commission. Moses was not sent for himself. He was sent for a people to deliver them with a commission that would take them into the promised land that would write their name into the word of God so they could have faith to take it and go and accept it, to take it away. Amen. God made sure they were fit and strong and healthy coming out of Egypt. Amen. God took care of his part, church. His part's to prepare. So now he says, "Take what I've given you and use it for the commission that I've given you." But then they come to Kadesh Barnea. We know and God is or Moses sends the 12 spies over and they go out and they look around the land and they come back and 10 of the 12 say, "Hey, it's a great land. It's got everything. Look at the size of these grapes." They brought back literal proof that the word of God was right. But they said, "But but we're too small. We're too weak. They're too big. They're too strong. We can't take it." And they backed down from their commission. They had every proof that what God had said was right, but then they put themselves in comparison to the people there. They said, "We're too strong." And they backed down from their commission, church. They threw in the towel. They didn't even fight. They waved the white flag of surrender. Didn't even draw a sword. Didn't do a single thing. Amen. And in doing so, they lost their inheritance. Look at what God said. He says, "Because all these men which have seen my glory and my miracles which I did in Egypt and in the wilderness and have tempted me now these 10 times." Church does not give people opportunity 10 times. 10 times they provoked him. He says, "And they have not hearkened to my voice. Surely they shall not see the lamb which I swore unto their fathers, neither shall any of them that provoked me see it." How did they provoke God, church? Unbelief. It doesn't matter what the actions are. It always starts with unbelief. And they disbelieved God. And they murmured and they complained and they turned against Moses. They went and they worshiped the golden calf. They went with all these things. What started it? Unbelief. That's how you provoke God. You refuse to take him at his word. He says, "But my servant Caleb, because he had another spirit with him and hath followed me fully." Fully. Everybody came to Kesh Barnea, but only two people followed him fully. He says, "Him will I bring into the land wherein to he went, and his seed shall possess it." Father, fathers, this morning, there's your scripture. You do what God says, it carries down. You've got a promise for your children and for your children's children. That's what Acts 238 says. Somebody's got to possess the land and bring it in so that people behind them can benefit from it. But look what he says because he had another spirit with him. You know, we're supposed to discern spirits. How do we discern spirits, church? How a person reacts to the full word of God. Because listen, I can take this and I can turn this into a beautiful gospel that suits a life of ease and luxury. Nobody hates me. Everybody loves me. That's not the full word. That's Joel. What's his face word, right? Incomplete. And that's why he's got a church that brings in one half million dollars in tithes every Sunday, right? Because he's got a a gospel that tickles the itching ears. But how do you respond to the full word? How do we respond when somebody corrects us instead of us correcting them? See, when it's applied to us, that's when we still really start to see discerning. Because if we can't take it, we're in no position to give it. Amen. What happened? They came all under the same conditions, the same pillar of fire, the same signs and wonders. They all came up to Kadesh Barnea and then they backed away. And it showed, scripture says Caleb had a different spirit. When it came to their part to do something, that's when they backed down. As long as God was doing all the work, they were happy. But at the minute God says, "You got something to do." They said, "Sorry, not on my watch. I'm just going to stay over here where there's no swords, no giants, no battles. I'm going to go back to an easy gospel." They backed away. Joshua and Caleb were under a different spirit. Joshua said, "We can make it." Caleb said, "We can do it." How do you know we can do it? He said, "Because God said so, and we're going over. We're going to make it and we're going to do it." He says, "And away they went. They took off to the land and they got the evidence of the Holy Spirit and they came back to prove it. The lamb was good. It was bearing good grapes." He says, "I'm glad of it, aren't you? Oh my. Just eat them and slobbering like a horse eating clover." That's right. Yes, sir. Just having a big time and enjoy it. He says, "What do I care what the world says?" He says, "It means nothing to me." See, here's the problem. If you don't put your name in the commission, you fail when the time comes. If everybody else has got to do it except you, you're going to fail when the situation rises up, when circumstances come, when sickness comes, hard times comes. When you got to lay your life on the line, when you got to lay your career on the line, you got to lay your marriage on the line. You got to lay your family on the line. Got to lay your body on the line. Got to lay your influence on the line. Got to lay your friendships on the line. Got to lay opportunities on the line. business owners. You got to see it's your commission. It's not just for Moses. It's for everybody. You've got a commission this morning. It's not just the ministry. Our commission is to deliver it to you. But I've got to achieve it the same way you've got to achieve it. I've got to go in and possess my land the way you got to go in and possess your land. Amen. So why? So we can move forward with purpose. church. We can't just be bumbling around and as Christians, we're here for purpose. We're here for a purpose. And your purpose comes from your commission. Amen. If the word is true, it has to always be true. It's not true one day and wrong the next. If it's ever true, it's got to be true. Amen. And that's what held Joshua and Caleb. And so, as they went into the promised land, they were going in with a set of filters on. They were going in with a set of word filters. And all they were looking for, cuz remember what Moses said. He says, "Go in and get evidence that it's a good land." And so they went in with the intention of proving that it was a good land. So they went in and they've got now their commission goggles. They've got word goggles on. So what do they see? They see the milk. They see the honey. They see the grapes. They see the fertile land. They see wonderful places for their families and friends to live. And that's all they see. Yes, they know that there are giants there, but that is of no consequence because that has nothing to do with their commission. The commission was go prove it's a good land. They said it's a good land. What about the people? Well, we've got a commission to deal with those people. That's why we're not worried about it. What we're worried about is is it as God said? Yes, it's as God said. Great. Then we've got a commission to go and throw everybody out of it. That's what they went in with. Amen. They took everything that they had experienced to that point and they said one thing, God is faithful. Everything they had to this point said, "God is faithful." So when they went into the land, all they wanted to see is is God faithful again? And they went in believing that God was faithful. Not trying to prove God, but looking for evidence of what they already believed by the word. Church, we've got to go through circumstances looking for what matches up with the word and throwing everything else aside because Satan's going to throw everything else at us. He's going to throw the kitchen sink at us, trying to distract us. But we've got to have blinders on that see only what the word says about the situation, and that'll carry us through. Amen. And so Jake, uh, Caleb and Joshua go in and they are blinded to circumstances that would break down their faith. They don't see it. Doesn't bother them. Amen. The word of God was their absolute for their vision. They could only see what the word said. That's the place we have to come to. I only see, I only declare, I only testify, I only confess what the word says about my situation and let everything else go aside. What does it matter? What do I care what the world says? It means nothing to me. Cuz what? Nothing they say is true anyways. Let every man's word be a lie and God's word be true. We've got to stand, church. We've got to stand. And once we've stand, stand. Don't move back. Don't let circumstances push you back. Raise up a standard of the spirit in your heart and in your life and say, "Lord, I'm not moving. I'm not moving. You've given me a commission." Israel came out of Egypt healthy, able-bodied, whole, strong. And when they came to Kadesh Barnea, nothing had changed. They were still strong. They were still whole. They were still healthy. They weren't getting sick. They weren't getting feeble. They weren't getting blisters on their feet. Their knees were still in good condition. Nobody had broken an ankle. Everything was exactly as they came out. Amen. God had prepared them for that journey. God had prepared them to get them to a place of going in. But their able-bodied condition is not what made them fit soldiers. It just got them to the place where they could start to fight. But what makes them a fit soldier is taking God at his word. Cuz the people they were facing were bigger, faster, stronger, meaner, better trained. Their fit bodies weren't going to happen. But the fit body took away what? One thing, their excuses. I can't get there. If I can't walk, I can't fight. What it did was it made them able to walk to where God could finally do what he said he was going to do. It took away their excuses. Amen. Took away their reason to not fight at all. Took away their excuse for sitting still. What' they do? They back down. When you back down, church, there comes a point where God has to bring judgment. I'm not preaching that to you this morning, but I'm preaching consequences. Listen what God said to Moses. He says, "Your carcasses shall fall in this wilderness, and all that were numbered of you according to your whole number from 20 years old and upward, which have murmured against me. Doubtless you shall not come into the land concerning which I swear to make you dwell therein, save Caleb, except Caleb, the son of Japuna, and Joshua the son of Nun, but your little ones, which you said should be a praise." See, they said, "Well, it's it's our kids that are going to going to suffer here cuz we're going to die and then they're going to take our kids." He says, "The kids," he says, "you little ones which you said said should be a prey, them will I bring in, and they shall know the land which you have despised. But as for you, your carcasses, they shall f fall in this wilderness, and your children shall wander in the wilderness for 40 years and bear your whoredoms until your carcasses shall be wasted in the wilderness." God comes down. He says, "Everyone that's 20 years or older is going to die in the wilderness. And in 40 years, everyone's dead. No exceptions except Joshua and Caleb. Everybody's going to die. Can you imagine what that would do to the people? We knew what it did to the people. They were mourning because they couldn't go into the because they refused to go into the land. Then God comes down in judgment and says, "You're not going to walk." And then they cry again. And then they wake up and they say, "You know what? We're going to go in." And Moses says, "Don't do it. You missed your chance. God's not with you." And they went in and they lost a bunch of people. And then they went back in the desert and they walked around for 40 years until they all died. I'm not trying to minimize the judgment here, but there's one simple truth here. They were unbelievers. They were unbelievers. They always were unbelievers when they came out under the blessings of God. They were unbelievers when they walked through the desert. They were unbelievers when the pillar of fire was above them. They were un unbelievers when mana came down. They were still unbelievers. Why? Because every time a hardship came up, they started complaining and murmuring. They never trusted God. Why? Because they were unbelievers. Now consider Caleb and Joshua though. See, sometimes we pay the price for other people's mistakes. So Caleb and Joshua are saying, "We can go in. We're ready to go." I have a feeling if Moses said, "Caleb and Joshua, you can go in today." They would have went in. They said, "We'll go in. We'll take our portion if nothing else." But now they're bound to 40 years of walking around the desert with a bunch of unbelievers. Not only that, but they're going to see their friends, they're going to see their family, they're going to see the people they respected get sick, fall away, and die over the next 40 years. And look at Caleb. Caleb's 40 now. In those days, they lived longer than we do. Caleb at 40 would be like a 25-year-old today. Caleb is in his prime. He's in the prime condition to go fighting wars for a while. And now Caleb is going to come out of this and he's going to be 80 when he goes in. I don't know if you know this, but 80 is not prime for fighting wars. That's old. Nobody here is 80. Can you imagine brother Gerald going to war? That's what Caleb would be. So Caleb has lost his golden window of opportunity to go and take the land. He's going to be too old to fight. He's going to be too old to fight. Remember, we're preaching on absolute power. And I want us to look at Caleb this morning because he's the type of the bride. Every Israelite started out in the same condition regardless of their age, regardless of what they believed. It was a mixed multitude. Remember, but it was the sovereign grace of God that brought them out. Amen. But like I said earlier, church, there comes a time where grace has to turn into faith because you're saved by grace, but you walk by faith. Remember, scripture says without faith, it's impossible to please God. You've got to take that grace and it's got to grow into something that's greater than that. Amen. Grace called Abraham out, but faith made him keep walking. Grace found David out in the in the pasture with the sheep, but it was faith that kept him walking towards the crown of Israel. and kept him in the right condition to receive it. Right? Grace calls you, but faith makes you walk through day by day. Amen. It's the It's the grace of God that calls us out. But at some point, it has to turn into the faith of God. And that only comes one way, church. Personal revelation. A personal revelation to see yourself in the word of God and to start acting on it. That's when you know grace is turned into faith. Grace never goes away, but faith comes out of that grace and it starts to produce a walk that lives by the word of God. Amen. And it comes to a place where we're not just now merely bumbling along in grace. That's what we are as young babes in Christ. We're bumbling in grace. I can see some smiles here. That's what we are, aren't we? We're just little babes in Christ. We're bumbling around. We're banging our head and we're falling down. And it doesn't matter because there's a big cushion of grace. It's like God has put pillows all around us to keep us from killing ourselves. It's grace that our children live as long as they do. But they're surrounded by grace. They're surrounded by a structure, a skeleton that is meant to absorb the blows. That's grace. But there comes a day where it has to harden and strengthen. So now they can do work. They can do feats of strength. They can do athletics. They can withstand the burden of day-to-day life. Grace has to turn into faith. Amen. At some point, we have to see ourselves in the word of God. Not just grace, I'm saved, but faith to start doing something according to the word of God. Listen to this. He says the biggest part of our faith is mental faith. That's where we start. He says by hearing the word, it brings us to a mental recognition of God. But if this this revelation coming from above, if it ever strikes this heart, there is a godly spiritual faith. He says, then what does that faith do? That faith recognizes only the word. No matter what anyone else says, it only recognizes the word because in the beginning was the word. The word was with God and the word was God. And he says the word is still God and the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. He says and when the word itself, the word itself is pouring into our faith, our mental faith becomes a spiritual revelation. Church, that's what's happening when you're in church. That's what's happening when you're under the hearing of the word. When you're reading your Bible, when you're listening to a message, whatever it might be, what is it? It's the word itself pouring into your faith to turn it into a personal revelation. Amen. It makes our faith come alive. It puts our faith into action. That's what's happening under the hearing of the word. And he says, "And upon this foundation, I'll build my church." See, not upon a mental conception of church joining, a mental conception of that. He says upon the revelation when those streams of grace have poured into the mental faith that you've got. What is mental faith? I believe it. Church, what is spiritual faith? I receive it. It is mine. He says, "And it takes streams of grace to produce that with the word coming down. The streams of grace have poured into that mental faith that you've got." He says, "Then upon this, a spiritual revelation, I'll build my church, and the gates of hell can't prevail against it." See, he says that shows that they would be against it, but it'll never prevail. Oh, what a glorious thing. Jesus never said the gates of hell won't prevail against grace. Why? Cuz church, there's a day where grace will stop. There's a day where he comes off of the mercy seat and all that's left is judgment. There's a day where grace ends and judgment starts. Amen. But what did he say? He says, "It's against this revelation. I'll build my church and the gates of hell will never prevail against it." Why is that, church? Because revelation brings faith. And with faith comes the power to act on the word of God. And when you act on the word of God, then the power of God steps into you to produce the thing that you're believing in. It's not you that won't fail. It's the word flowing through you that won't fail. Satan can't do that. Satan's going around like a roaring lion. He's going to throw everything he's got at us, but he cannot stop that word from coming forth. It's like we read in Numbers 23. Has God said it and will he not do it? Has he not given it? Will he not produce it? That is what holds us. Amen. Faith is a revelation of the will of God. And when you know that it's the will of God, then you can step into it and say, "I'm believing it. I'm acting on it. I'm confessing it. I'm testifying to it. Why? Because you can set your soul on it. It will not fail. It will not fail. That's what absolute power is looking for. That's what God's looking for is a people that will stand on his word alone. That's it. And when you stand on his word, you take him at his word. That's when God steps into the situation. And nobody beats God. Nobody beats God. Brother Ram says it this way. He says, "What is faith?" Faith is something that's revealed to you. It's not yet, but you believe it will be. He says, "Faith is a revelation of the will of God." Now, remember what Paul said in Hebrews. He says, "Without faith, it is impossible to please God." Why does he say that? Because faith is a revelation of the will of God. And you can't please God unless you're doing what God wants you to do. So faith is a revelation of the will of God. Then you start to do what God wants and that pleases God. Well, what Jesus said, he says, "I do only that which the father tells me to, and that is my satisfying portion. That is my meat is to do the will of him that sent me. You can't please God unless you're doing what he wants. Amen. Remember we've read it before the scripture where they say they come to him and they say, "Listen, we did all these wonderful things in your name. We cast out devils. We healed the sick. We did all these things." He says, "Depart from me, you workers of iniquity. I never knew you." Why? Because they did good things, but they didn't do his will. Why? Because they rejected his word. And when they rejected his word, they rejected his revelation, which means they could never find his will. It's rejecting the word that catches the people. It's not Good intentions are always there. Good intentions are always there, but you got to catch the mind of God. And that comes by a revelation of his word. And when you reject his word, you can't be in his will. And therefore, you can never please him. And that's when you're cast into outer darkness. And there's just weep weeping and wailing and nashing of teeth. That's all that's left. You go to a white throne judgment. It's not important to do things for God. It's important to find the will of God and do those things. Those are two completely different things. Lord, I'm going to go out and do this. Lord, I'm going to go out and do that. Doesn't matter. Remember what scripture says. Paul says, you know, we say we today we'll go and do such and such and tomorrow we'll do such and such. He says do it if say if the Lord wills. Because you may do it for this. You may say, Lord, I'm going to give you 30% of all my investment earnings. Does he want it? If he doesn't want it, maybe all he wants you to do is start attending church faithfully. Maybe all he wants you to do is to be a better father. Go for his will, not what makes you feel good. Because that's what we do is when we're looking for things to do for God, we do what makes us feel good rather than what makes him happy. And I'll tell you this, what makes God happy is usually not super comfortable for our flesh. It just doesn't work that way. Amen. You find the will of God. God's behind it. Power can flow through it. Otherwise, it might seem good, but it's man-made and there's no power in it except the power you bring. And then what happens is things start to crumble and you say, "Well, I guess it wasn't God's will." That's right. Or you try and push through it and it keeps crumbling because it was never him in the first place. He's trying to get you to what he wants you to do. Says this, "Faith is designed to do one thing, to see what God wills and wants. There's no knowledge that can do that. Faith alone is designed and given to the human race to find out what the will of God is. So how do we get faith? Paul says faith comes by hearing. And that word means understanding. Faith comes by understanding. And understanding comes by the word of God. So God came and he gave his word to the children of Israel. And church, he's not trying to hide his will. He's trying to reveal his will. But it takes a people that'll sit still and say, 'Lord, what is it? What is it? Reveal your will to me. Not, "Lord, here's what I think I should do. Give me a yay or a nay." No, sit back and say, "Lord, let me be silent." Like Job, Lord, I've said a whole lot of things. Let me be silent for a little while and you tell me what you want me to do. To sit in silence and let God speak to you, church. That is a great thing. That's what he's looking for. a people that will hear his voice, not give him options. How arrogant are we when we give God options? No. We're there to get a commission. Can you imagine going a a captain going to the general and saying, "Now, general, I've got three options here for you today. Uh, plan A, plan B, plan C. You tell me which one you want." You know what the general would do? He turned that guy around and kick him so hard in the rear end that he wouldn't land for 30 feet. Then he come in, he say, "Now, do you want my orders, right? We are to receive a commission, not to give God options." Amen. God gave his word to Israel. He said, "Go to Canaan. Take it. I'm with you. Listen, I've got a plan. I'm going to send hornets before you. I'm going to send fear before you. Remember when the spies went into Jericho and Rahab says, "The whole city is scared because we've seen what you did before you ever came to the land against the people that was greater and stronger than you." Then you crossed Jordan on dry land. We're shaking in our boots. And they're in a city that had never been taken. Shaking in their boots. What was it? It was God doing exactly what he said he would do. But there had to come a people that would take him. Problem is, no one believed it except Caleb and Joshua and Moses and Aaron. Cave and Joshua says, "Let's go. Let's do it." Everyone says, "Well, hold on a second." Nope. Not me. I'll take the land once you get it. I'll happily move into that lakefront property, but I've seen the guys living on the lakefront property and they're way bigger, way meaner, way stronger. No thank you. You guys can go do it. God said, "You don't accept my word, you can't go in. Can't get in by somebody else's actions. You got to take part. Church, we all got to be on the battle lines this morning. Can't sit back and let mom and dad or the pastor or somebody else. We've all got to be on the front line. I think brother Jonathan Martin said this to some of the young people when they came up for prayer during those meetings. He said, "Listen, you're not the next generation. You are the generation. There's no sitting back and letting the older people take care of things. We're at the time where we need everyone on board. You got the spirit of God. Get on board. Get your shoulder. Get your rifle up. Get on the firing line. Get in the battle. He says there's only one way God will ever receive anybody, and it's by taking God at his word. Not just taking by his word. He says by revelation that God will keep his word. You got to receive it with the intention that he's going to do what he said he was going to do. That's what God's looking for. Amen. Israel refused to take God at his word. He rejected them, sentenced all the 20 plus year old adults to death except Caleb and Joshua. And he sends them on that 40-year death march. But Caleb took him at his word. Caleb took him at his word. Caleb said, "We are more than able. We can do this." Amen. Caleb to takes God's word as his absolute. That's what Caleb was looking at. So Caleb takes it as his absolute. Caleb writes his name under the title deed of Canaan. Caleb, son of Japuna. There you go. Write it right across the the map of Canaan. It's mine. That's what Caleb did. But I want you to see something that before they started out on this 40-year death march, and that's what it was, church. It was a death march. I want you to see what God did to Caleb for his faith in Numbers where we read it did didn't give the full story, but he's saying, you know, he's saying they're all going to die. I said, "Except save Caleb the son of Japuna. He shall see it. And to him will I give the land where that he hath trotten upon." And to whom? His children because he hath wholly followed the Lord. See, remember we've been taught footsteps is possession. We get it from the scripture. We get it from Joshua. Everywhere that your souls of your foot shall tread, it's yours. But he says, "Caleb went and when he went looking for evidence, he went to the place that exactly matched what I had told you." He walked the land. He went in and he brought it back and he showed you that it was exactly what I told you about. He says, "Caleb will receive as a personal inheritance the land that he testified about specifically by personal experience." That is the land of the Anakims, the biggest and the baddest of them all. And he says, "That is for Caleb. That's for Caleb." So Caleb wrote his name on the whole thing. Now God says, "There's this place called Hebbran and there's mountains there." He says, "That's Caleb's. We're going to give Caleb the best of the best of the best because he believed me. Cuz he testified of it. Caleb got a specific portion just for him for a place of a man of faith because he was going to need it. He was going to need it when he went in there. Caleb had put his name on the commission. Now God says, "Now Caleb, for your faith, for taking me at my word, I've given you a special inheritance for you and your children." Why? Because you took me at my word. Consider these conditions. Now, Caleb has faith, but he's got a 40-year death march ahead of him. He's got 40 years where he's going to see person after person die in their tracks. Graveside funeral after graveside funeral. And as they walk around in a circle of 40 years, he's going to walk by graves that maybe somebody died the first year. And for 39 more years, he's going to walk by and he's going to see that little memorial that they put up over them or something like that. year after year, church. That's what Caleb's got to deal with. Walking around with a bunch of unbelievers. It's where we're at, isn't it? Walking around with a bunch of unbelievers. Everything that can be shaken will be shaken. We've got to walk that daily grind and see people fall and fail and fall and fail. And so, as they they turn away from Kadesh Barnea and they go right out into the desert, what happens? People start to get sore feet. bruised ankles. They start to get sick. They start to get frail and people start to die. And that's Caleb's life for the next 40 years. Now church, consider this. What has changed in the camp? Pillar of fire is still there. Pillar of cloud is still there. Prophet still there. Word is still there. Tabernacle still there. Believers are still there. The promise is still there. The commission is still there. But what's happened? Unbelief has taken over the camp. And everyone under the a over the age of 20 starts to what? Falter and fail. They've lost their original condition. [Music] Under that spirit of unbelief, everyone starts dying off. But church, remember, we're not talking about unbelief this morning. We're talking about absolute power. And here's the thing. Caleb is walking and he's walking and he's walking and everybody else is starting to fail. But remember, church, faith is not stagnant. Faith is not just sit there in a pot. Faith grows. Faith strengthens itself. Faith what? Grows closer to God. Faith focuses on the promise rather than the circumstances because it's preparing itself for the battle day by day. So faith is not stagnant. It's it's it's it's faith building. It's building up. Look at what Paul said about Abraham as we're starting to close this morning. Speaking of Abraham now, Abraham's getting older and older. It's been 20 odd years since God gave the promise. He says, "Who against hope believed in hope." So in the face of all evidence to the contrary he still believed that he might become the father of many nations according to that which was spoken so shall thy see be. He says and be not weak in faith. In other words after 24 years his faith had not diminished. It says he considered not his own body now dead. In other words he didn't focus on what the condition said. He focused on what the word said. It says, "I did not consider it. It did not enter his thinking." He says, "When he was about 100 years old, neither did he consider the deadness of Sarah's womb." He says he staggered not. We could say it this way. He was not feeble. He was not feeble at the promise of God through unbelief. What causes us to become weak? Unbelief. He says, "But he was strong in faith, giving glory to God." See, I preached last service how sometimes God's just waiting for us to give him some praise. Give us some glory. Give him some thanks even when there's nothing that seems to be thankful for. But if we see by eyes of faith, we can see the answers on the way. And we can thank God. We can praise God even in the storm. That's what that's what Abraham was there. He says he was strong in faith giving glory to God. Every day it's going to be a greater miracle than yesterday. When it's going downhill, that just means he's going to lift me that much higher. Praise the Lord. He says, "Why?" Being fully persuaded. Fully persuaded. Fully committed, reading the commission day by day. I We have all seen it. I am a skilled metal worker, right? Some of you know what I'm talking about. Your children would have seen it. Listen, you may not be it, but keep reading it. I am a faithfilled, Holy Ghostsealed son and daughter of God. I am a faithfilled, Holy Ghost-filled son and daughter of God. I am a faith fil. Sometimes you need to keep reading your commission, church. Start reading your commission and it'll give you faith for the day, for the season that you're in. fully persuaded. What did Abraham and Sarah experience, church? Before they received absolute power, they had to go to a place of absolute inability to make it happen. It's where we're at. It's where we're at. I can't make it happen. You can't make it happen. And the sooner we realize it, the closer we come to getting out of here. The sooner we realize that God's got to make the way. It's got to be the power of God. And so, as soon as they got to a place of absolute inability, what did they do, church? They experienced absolute resurrection power. And he turned her into a young woman overnight. Abraham woke up with a start the next morning. I think Sarah woke up with a start, too. Can you imagine, church? turn back to a 25-year-old in an instant, 89 years old and almost 99 years old. And you turn over the next morning, you both go, "What? Yeah." And then, "Hey, I know you. Is this a dream?" It's a good dream. In a moment, in a twinkling of an eye, they woke up. Absolute power had changed both their bodies. Amen. Oh my. Look at Caleb. We're starting to close at two pages. 40 years he walks around in the desert. Church. 40 years. Church. He's on a death march. Person after person. Sadness every day. Perhaps they might have lost a million people on that death march. You think about that over 40 years. That's a lot of people dying. What? 25,000 people a year. Think about that. If they lost half, about a million, 25,000 people a year, hundreds a day dying. What would that do to you? The church, we have to realize something. He's a believer. Believers handle things different. Believers walk different. believers react different. Things don't affect us the way they affect other people because we're children of faith. That's the seed of Abraham. It's the seed of faith. And so he's walking around. Amen. But here's the thing. Caleb's walking around and maybe his brother falls by the wayside. His dad falls by the wayside. His sister falls by the wayside. His pastor falls by the wayside. But church, Caleb's noticing something. He's not changing. He's not changing. He's not getting slower. He's not getting weaker. He's not getting tired. Why, church? Cuz he's of a different spirit. He's got a spirit of faith. And so, what happens for 40 years is Caleb is wrapped in a robe of eternal life. He doesn't change. Everyone else is failing. And Caleb goes from 40 years old to 80 years old. and nothing's changing. He's walking on a death march and death can't touch him. Death can't even work in his body. What is it? It's absolute power flowing through him because he took God at his word. God said, "You have not lost your opportunity, Caleb. I can preserve you for your opportunity. You take me at my word, I'll take you through." Don't worry about it, Caleb. You know, scripture never says Joshua went through this. It does say Joshua grew old and feeble after he stopped fighting. I believe Joshua got the same thing. But Caleb is the one that says he never broke down. Caleb had a body change for 40 years. 40 years he woke up and nothing had changed. He never changed once in terms of his fitness, his strength, nothing. God preserved him perfectly for 40 years. more than that because what happens is Caleb crosses the Jordan with the rest of them on dry land and he fights for five years alongside Joshua every day the opportunity to get killed nothing can kill him and after 45 years church he's 85 years old now and he's fought for his brothers and he's fought for his sisters and he's helped other people get their land then he comes to Joshua with this request he says and now behold the Lord hath kept me alive as he said these 35 years even since the Lord spake this word unto Moses while the children of Israel wandered in the wilderness and now lo I am this day four score and 5 years old I'm 85 years old he says as yet I am as strong as I was in the day that Moses sent me as my strength was then even so my strength now for war both to go out and to come in he was preserved for war church he was not preserved to go and sit in It's a comfy chair or a couch, but he was preserved to go in and take his commission and put it into action. He was preserved to take the land. Nothing's changed. He says, "The young guy's got nothing on me. I can fight with the best of them. The Lord has kept me alive. The Lord has preserved me for one thing. To give me the land that I told him, the land that I test about." He says, "That's the one that I came for." for now. God has kept me alive for my personal portion of his word. I'm as strong this day as I was in the day that Moses sent me as my strength was then. Even so is my strength now for war both to go out and to come in. War didn't change him. He was held in the hand of God. Church Caleb says, "I haven't lost a thing since I took God at his word. haven't diminished, haven't weakened. And after five years of fighting, I still haven't weakened. Church, he knows how to put a burden on us that we can carry. Caleb says, "I've been through the death march and it didn't do anything for me. Had no power over me. I've crossed over Jordan, took down Jericho, took down AI." We've had five years of campaigns and nobody's been able to touch me. God has preserved me because I took him at his word. All those years, church, and Caleb's testimony is the same. God is faithful to his word. That's all he's standing on. God is faithful to his word. He says, "And I haven't dwindled at all." Watch this. Now, this is an 85year-old. Brother Gerald, you're 77 now, I think. Right? So, he's eight years older than Brother Gerald. And he says,"Now therefore give me this mountain." He says, "Whereof the Lord spake in that day, for thou heard in the day that the Anakims were there." These are the ones that they were the most scared about. He says, "And that the cities were great and fenced. If so be that the Lord will be with me, then I shall be able to drive them out," as the Lord said. And Joshua blessed him and gave unto Caleb the son of Japuna, Hebron for an inheritance. Hebron therefore became the inheritance of Caleb the son of Jaffuna the Kennesite unto this day. Caleb never lost it. It belongs to his relatives even today. He says because that he wholly followed the Lord God of Israel. Caleb had fought for his brothers and sisters for 5 years. But there came a day where he says, "Now I'm ready for mine. I've helped so and so. Sister so and so. We prayed for her and she got healed. Brother so and so got healed. I'm here for my healing. So and so their kids got saved. I'm here for my kids to get saved. So and so got delivered. I'm here to get delivered. So and so got their besetting sin taken care of. I'm here to get my besetting sin taken care of. So and so got the Holy Ghost. I'm here for the Holy Ghost. He said, "It's time to get mine. I'm 85. I've got a commission. I've got an inheritance with my name written on it and I'm here to take it." He says, "And if the Lord's with me, I'll take it." And he did. He did. He went and he took it. And it's not just for him. It's for his family and his children and everyone that came after him. He went and he destroyed the greatest giants in the land based on one thing. We're more than able to do it. Cuz the word told me, cuz God told me, and he gave me a commission to do it. Caleb's body had been preserved by absolute power for 45 years for one thing. So his faith could become sight. his faith could become sight. God said, "You gave a testimony of my word. I'll give you the reality of that testimony." That's what the spirit of God is here to do, church. It's not here to just make a bunch of ruckus and it's not just here to do a bunch of signs and wonders. It's here so that your faith can become sight. That's what it's doing is it's taking us from this into that. And we'll get into this in the next service. The faith for today is preparing us for the transition into a land of perfect faith. The partial faith we have is preparing us for perfect faith. The power we have now is getting us ready for absolute power. Little by little, word upon word, line upon line. Here a little, there a little. Don't despise the day of little things. They add up into really big things. Church, we've got to come to a place where we say, "I'm here for what God said about me. I'm not just here for a generic message. I'm not here for a generic service. I want it personal." Why? Because he called me. He called my name. He wrote my name in Islam's book of life. He identified me in his word. And now I'm here for it. And I'm not taking no for an answer. Not because it's my thought or my idea, but it's because he promised it. That's the only reason we're here this morning, church, is because he called us and he promised it. And he preserves us day in and day out. We go through hard times. We go through sickness. We go through diseases. We go through church breakups and ministry failures and family issues and all these things. But why is God protecting and preserving us? So that our faith can become sight. That's what it's all about. Is so that as we've trusted him in his word, we'll see what we read in Numbers 23 that God is not a man that he should lie nor the son of man that he should repent. But has he said it and will he not do it? All he's wanting is a family, the family of God, the bride of Christ to come and say, "I'm here for my portion. I'm here for my commission." not to just come and receive, but to receive so we can go and do so that he can flow through us and do what he wants us to do. Two quotes as we close. He says, "You really get down and mean it before God. God will take you over across there." No matter what the seminary preachers say, we can have the Holy Ghost because God promised it to us. That's where Caleb based his faith. That's where Joshua based it because God said, "It's yours. I've already given it to you." He says, "Hallelujah. I like that. Not I will I have. He says those who he has called. See he brings it down to where we are. Those who he has called he justified. Is that right? And those who he's justified he glorified. Is that right? He says then brother in heaven we're already glorified together with Christ Jesus. Hallelujah. That's right. He says just let the devil squall and scream and have all of his tantrums he wants to. It's thus sayeth the Lord. That's right. Amen. Are you willing to stand on thus sayeth the Lord? And let's stand to our feet. Amen. God bless you this morning. My I love preaching about the promises of God. Certainly don't always enjoy walking in the promises of God because it's a battle, isn't it? But what's the point of all this today is to realize that your power comes through your commission. Power comes through your name in the word. Power comes through seeing it as yours and not just everyone else's. Power comes through taking God at his word and then every decision and footstep you make lines up with what you've confessed. That's all he's asking us to do. I say all of it is a small thing. It's a big thing. When you take everything you are and you commit it behind that word of God, that's when God can move. That's why I said when you get that's why I read there where he says where you can really get down and mean it and you find God and you commit yourself to him. That's when God does it. Not half in half out. Not just roaming around and then a little knee comes up and we go to God. But when you commit your very soul and being into him and you say, "Lord, I'm here to do your will. Lord, I'm here to receive your word. I'm here to have my faith be made sight." That's when God starts to move. Amen. God bless you. Let's bow our heads together. Lord Jesus, Lord, we need our faith lifted this morning. Lord, we're looking for perfect faith. We're looking for rapturing faith. Lord, where all that we can see is you and your word. But Lord, we know we face a very capable enemy that's throwing so many things at us. Lord, trying to distract us, trying to throw so many things in our vision to make us disbelieve. But Lord, we've received a commission, Lord. And our commission, Lord, is to go on a rapture. Our commission, Lord, is to conquer every enemy that stands before us. Lord, our commission is to take you at your word so that your power can flow through us. Lord, I pray you help us to take you at your word, not to come up with some scheme or plan, Lord, that makes us feel good or look good, but Lord, a a plan that is set before the ages before time began, Lord, a redemption plan where we could see that it's for us, Lord. And it's not that you will do it, it's that you have done it, and we're just walking through the script in this time, Lord. I pray you lift our faith. Strengthen us for battle, Lord. Strengthen our resolve day by day, Lord, and help us to feed our faith, Lord. Lord, help us to feed our walk with you, Lord. Help us to dwell under the hearing and the listening and the the preaching of your word, Lord. Help us to get our eyes on things that are above, Lord, into the eternal. Lord, there's many needs here this morning. Lord, many prayer requests have come through my phone and email this week, Lord. We're asking your grace for them, each one, Lord, that you minister to hearts and souls, to bodies, Lord, that you would strengthen the feeble. Lord, I believe as it was in those days, so will it be today. Lord, there'll not be a feeble one among us, Lord, but it'll be a faithfilled people, Lord, that'll take you at your word. Lord, bless us now. We pray in Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. Keep on the firing line. 842. It's an old one. If you're in the battle for the Lord and right, keep on the firing line. Oh, if you win, my brother, surely you must fight. So keep on the firing line. And there are many dangers that we all must face. If we die of fighting, there is no disgrace. A coward in the service, he will find no place. So keep on the firing line. Oh, you must fight. Be brave against all evil. Never run or even lag behind. If you will bring for God and the right, just keep on the fiery line. And God will only use a soldier he can trust. So keep up the firing light. And if you wear a crown and bear the cross, you must so keep on the fire in life. Life is but to labor for the master, dear. Help to banish evil and to spread good cheer. Oh great, you'll be rewarded for your service here. Oh, keep on the firing line. Oh, you must fight. Be brave against all evil. Never run or even lag behind. If you will be for God and the right, just keep on the fiery light. When we get to heaven, brother, we'll be glad. Keep on the fing light. I will praise the Savior for the call we had. Keep on the firing light. And we see the souls that we have helped to win leading them to Jesus from the paths of sin. With a shout of welcome, we will all march in. So keep on the fighting line. Oh, you must fight. Be brave against all evil. ever run nor even behind. If you will win for God and the right, just keep on the fiery line. Oh, you must fight. Be brave against all evil run or even lag behind. If you will win for God and the right, just keep on the fiery line. Do we know that song? It's the Holy Ghost and fire and it's keeping me alive. 662. Is that in the key of F? You're going to keep it there. Then we'll roll into God's not dead, He is alive. Okay. All right. It's the Holy Ghost and fire and it's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive, keeping me alive. It's the Holy Ghost and fire and it's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me alive. It is down in my heart and it's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. Well, it's down in my heart and it's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me alive. Oh, it's the Holy Ghost Empire and it's keeping me alive. It's keeping me alive. It's keeping me alive. It's the Holy Ghost and fire and it's keeping me alive. Oh Jesus is keeping me alive. And it's down in my heart and it's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. Well, it's down in my heart and it's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping. God's not dying. Oh, God's not dead. He is alive. Oh, God's not dead. He is alive. [Music] He is alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I feel him in my heart. I feel him all over me. Oh my God's not dead. He is alive. Oh, God's not dead. He is alive. Oh, God's not dead. He is alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I feel him in my heart. I feel him all over me. One more time. Oh, God's not dead. He is alive. Oh, God's not dead. He is alive. Oh, God's not dead. He is alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I feel him in my heart. I feel him all over me. Do you know the full thing for uh I'm not giving up. 976. 976. Let's uh start with the chorus. Kind of ease into it probably. Well, I'm not giving up. And I'm not turning around. By the grace of God, I'm going to wear a shining crown. And someday and I'll keep holding on to this nail guard hand. And I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep going on. Well, I've been walking through the valley, through this veil of tears. At times I even questioned even if my Lord was near. And many times that old tempter, he says, "Why not turn around? You can't get any farther because you're just losing ground. And I'm not giving up. And I'm not turning around. And by the grace of God, I'm going to wear a shining crown. And someday I'll keep holding on to that nail scarred hand. I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep going on. And would you mind to tell me there's been something bothering me? Why is it that old devil, he just won't let God's children be? You see, he has purposed and determined to get right in the way and turn us from the way of life and lead our souls astray. But I'm not giving up and I'm not turning around. And by the grace of God, I'm going to wear a shining crown someday. And I'll keep holding on to that nail scarred hand. And I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep going on. Sing it one more time. Oh, and I'm not giving up. And I'm not turning around. By the grace of God, I'm going to wear a shining crown. And someday I'll keep holding on to that nail scarred head. And I'm not giving up. I'll keep holding on. Amen. Just before we close, I'm going to ask brother Vichel to come and close in prayer if he would. We're going to sing that song, My Hope is in the Lord, 1088. Amen. Remember the needs that were mentioned. Amen. Appreciate everyone that had uh my brother Nathan out. He had a wonderful time. They really enjoyed it from start to finish. I appreciate the hospitality you showed and even dragged us along to a couple of them. So, we're thankful for that. But God bless you each one and uh he wanted me to thank everyone for that. So, God bless you. Amen. Remember the service on Wednesday, the needs that have been presented. Amen. And just trust God to be moving. Amen. And I stand in awe within the presence of the Lord. In whom the wisdom of the ages lies. For whom the raging of the sea subsides. A living sacrifice. The only source of life. My hope is in the Lord. From this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. And his tender mercies come with every rising sun to meet the sinner in his brokenness. [Music] to offer healing and forgiveness. And those who trust in him will find their hearts at rest. My hope is in the Lord from this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. And my hope is in the Lord this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. [Music] Dear heavenly father, Lord, thank you for speaking to us today. Lord, help us to get our unbelief out of the way. Lord, help us to meditate on what you said. Lord, help us to make it ours. Lord, please make it real to us, Lord. Give us the great anointing, Lord. Yes. Fill us more with your Holy Ghost. Lord, your spirit makes it all real to us. Lord, help us stand on your word. Lord, yes. Help us to look at you, Lord, through the storm, Lord. You calm everything, Lord. We pray to you, Lord, for those who are sick. Lord, please meet them in their need, Lord. Heal them, Lord, with your healing power. Lord, touch them, Lord. There are many unspoken needs to Lord. Meet them Lord. Meet each and everyone according to to your perfect will. Lord Lord pray to you Lord to please keep talking to us Lord. Help us keep walking Lord. Help us be like the next generation Lord that walked into your promised land. Lord help us to not murmur. Lord not complain. Lord help us to catch your program. Lord, Lord, all things are working together for our good. Lord, in every trial, in every circumstance, Lord, help us, Lord, to get past our emotions, Lord, our feelings. Lord, help us to reach out in the deep. Lord, help us recognize your word through for every situation. Lord, it's all preparing us, Lord, for the great place you have prepared for us. Lord, we pray to you Lord as we go from here Lord not let not any unbelief not anything from outside Lord take away from what you have swed today Lord help Lord that seed to really take a deeper ground Lord and for it to grow Lord help us come back Lord for a greater revelation for with a greater anointing with a greater desire Lord help us be excited Lord when we walk in Lord to receive your word Lord help us Lord to come back with a greater expectation. Lord, just create a desire in us. Lord, let your desires become our desires. Lord, we welcome you, Lord. We love you. We praise you in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. And ever [Music] my home is in the Lord. Forever. [Music] Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. and those who trust in him will find their hearts. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. in the Lord forever and ever. My hope is in Lord forever. Hallelujah. Holy Lord of my Thank you Lord forever. My is my hope is in the Lord forever. Ever [Music] Lord? [Music] I want [Music] to [Applause] all that I am. Yes. All your blessings. [Music] Lord and the sound of your last of your forever forever. Nothing can do the proise I have here. Thank you. All of my praise come. [Music] everywhere. All that I need to car all the earth and give praise to the king down the sea to the ground of your hand forever. Forever I stand. Nothing compares to I [Music]
