################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-21 - 20250921 - The Token Life Pt 85 - The Mystery Finished Pt 5  - Bro Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-21
Title:    20250921 - The Token Life Pt 85 - The Mystery Finished Pt 5  - Bro Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 11m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jyOX8c0eRZg
========================================

Description:
Quotes and Scriptures: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1RE1CzL1qtWro-kJDUHH-lTBz5tTtO0C6/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. I want you. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Hey, Heat. down. Hey Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I'm [Music] Hey, hey, hey. Heat. Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] The stent hears me when I call. I have a father. He calls me his own. And he'll never leave me. No matter where I go, my Thank you, Lord. He knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and hears me when I call. [Music] I have the maker before my heart. And before even time began, my life was in his hands. He knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and hears me when I call. I have a maker key for my heart. And before even time began, my life was in his hands. He knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and hears me when I call. Man, I have the father. He calls me his own. And he'll never leave me, no matter where I go. Thank you, Lord. Glory. He knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and hears me when I call. He knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and he hears me when I call. Amen. Thank you, Lord, that he knows our name. I want to welcome everybody here this morning. want to continue to keep Sister Violet Ellsworth in prayer. Haven't heard to update on her, but just grace to her and her husband, the family, brother Paul and the family not here this morning. I just want to keep them in prayer. Pray for brother Paul that he'd just make a full recovery. This co is going around, I understand, and um it's um definitely uh slowing some people down. Uh brother Dale, want to continue to keep him in prayer. for uh grateful to hear that uh good report on him and just pray that that continues. For Sister Lorie Snow, for Sher Lynn Piery, grace to those needs. Want to keep them in prayer. Uh the saints around the island, those that are traveling, not here this morning, grace to them. The other needs that have been mentioned, any unspoken request, just hold them on your heart. Um let's sing uh number 1254, goodness of God. And uh brother Mark, the opening prayer. I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails me. And all my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up till I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] All my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire in darkest night. You are close like no other. I've known you as a father, known you as a friend, and I have lived among the goodness of God. Thank you, Lord. Cuz all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire in darkest night. Amen. Thank you, Lord. No, &gt;&gt; no other. I've known you as a father, known you as a friend, and I have lived in the goodness of God. Amen. Thank you. Thank you, Lord. Cuz all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. And all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I am able I will sing of the goodness of God. Amen. [Music] Amen. Heavenly Father, we come before you Lord and ask Lord George your grace and your forgiveness as we come Lord and we hear the word Lord. May Lord just bring Lord peace and rest to us Lord. Give us understanding and how to live Lord in this hour that we may Lord be servants to you Lord that we may be representatives of you Lord in this world Lord as we see the closing days Lord and the darkness upon the world and upon the people and the minds of the people Lord and we pray Lord for your grace Lord for the souls Lord that Lord are coming Lord to an end and the whole world Lord coming to an end Lord and we just ask Lord your grace Lord that you would reach out and save that last one Lord. We pray and pray Lord that your grace Lord that would be Lord amongst Lord each one here Lord and remembering Lord the needs and the prayers Lord for those that aren't with us today and for those that are sick. Brother Paul Lord we pray your grace and his family and pray Lord that you would just bless the ministry as it comes Lord in this hour to bless Lord the people with your word. We pray your presence be here Lord that we be Lord just surrendered Lord to your will Lord and to your word Lord as we just move all things aside Lord and just concentrate and give you the preeminence Lord today we pray your grace Lord to be with us all and bless us in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] Let's sing number 251. He abides. [Music] I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the pilgrim way. For the hand of God in all my life I see. And the reason of my bliss. Yes. The secret. All is this, that the comforter abides with me. He abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoiceing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. Once my heart was full of sin. Once I had no peace within. Till I heard Jesus died upon the tree. Then I fell down at his feet. And there came a beast so sweet. Now the comforter abides with me. He abides. He abides. Oh, hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoiceing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. He is with me everywhere and he knows my every care. I'm as happy as a bird and just as free. For the spirit has control. Jesus satisfies my soul. Since the comforter abides with me, man. Oh, he abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. There's no thirsting for the things of the world. They've taken wings. Long ago I gave them up and instantly all my night was turned to day. All my burdens rolled away. Now the comforter abides with me. Oh, he abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. He is with me everywhere and it knows my every care. I'm as happy as a bird and just as free. For the spirit has control. Jesus satisfies my soul. Since the comforter abides with me, he abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. Amen. The thing 549 I shall not be moved. [Music] My Savior, I shall not be moved in his love and favor. I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waters. I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waters, I shall not be moved. My lovers in my Christ abiding. I shall not be moved in love. I'm hiding. I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waterers, I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waterers, I shall not be moved. If I trust him ever, I shall not be moved. He will fail me never. I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waters, I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waterers, I shall not be moved. On his word I'm feeding. I shall not be moved. He's the one that's leading. I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waters, I shall not be moved. [Applause] I shall not be I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waters, [Music] I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by them waters, I shall not be moved. Amen. Let's sing number 12:30. Our God reigns. Let's stand. How lovely on the mountains are the feet of him [Music] who brings good news. Good news, [Music] announcing peace, proclaiming news of happiness. [Music] Our God reigns. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. My glory. You watch men lift. Your voice is yourfully as one shall call your king. Your king. See I do. The Lord restore Zion. Our God reigns. Amen. Thank you, Lord. And our God reigns. Our God reigns. [Music] Our God reigns. Our [Music] God reigns. Our God reigns. He had no state for me. He had no majesty that we should be. drawn to him. He was despised and we took no account of him. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. It was our sin. and killed that bruised and wounded him. It was our sin and grace that brought him down. When we like sheep have gone astray, our shepherd came and on his shore to the poor are shame. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. Make a lamb that's laid out to the slaughter house. Dumb as a sheep. before it shared. His life ran down upon the ground like pouring rain. Thank you, Lord, that we might be my glory. Thank you, Lord. Born again. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. out from the tomb. He came with grace and majesty. He is alive and glory. Yes, he's alive. God loves us. See here his hands, his feet aside. Oh yes, we know he's alive. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. the God reigns. Amen. I'm glad he reigns. Let's sing number 751. Something keeps holding me. The trials of this life were getting stronger. The pull I felt was more than I could bear. And I was on the verge of giving over the strength within myself. just wasn't there. Something keeps holding me. Every day I see is helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. He's guiding me constantly, giving me victory. Thank you, Lord. It's a reality. Something that keeps holding me. And Satan lay before me is temptation. of his desire to steal away my faith. But I f my soul a revelation [Music] of God's desire to keep me in his grace. Something keeps holding me. Every day I see he's helping me faithfully to all my trials. He's guiding me constantly, [Music] giving me victory. He's a reality. Something keeps holding me and Satan lay before me his temptation of his desire to steal away my spin. in my soul a revelation of God's desire to keep me in his grace. The psalms he keeps holding me. God bless you. I see it's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. He's guiding me constantly, giving me victory. It's a reality cuz something keeps holding me. Amen. Lord, we're thankful this morning. Lord, it's your grace. It's your mercy that keeps us, Lord, on this path. Lord, it's a predestinated order for our lives that keeps us walking towards you. Keeps us walking with you day by day, heavenly father. Lord, we're objects of your grace. We're objects of your mercy this morning, Lord. Without you, we can do nothing. Lord, there's nothing good in ourselves that would draw us to you except you drew us first, heavenly father. Lord, we're thankful for it this morning, Lord. We want to worship and praise you this morning, Lord, for the call you placed in our life, Lord, that we could be sons and daughters of God. And Lord, we're going to hear about it again this morning, Lord. And we're asking you to just open your word, Lord, to just anchor in our souls just a little bit more, Lord, who we are and what you're trying to do with our lives, Lord, in this last stage. Lord, I pray you open your word, Lord. Speak to your bride that's gathered here tonight, Lord. May it draw us closer to you, Lord. May it separate us from the things of the world, Lord. May it help Christ to just be revealed in us in a greater way today. We pray. Lord, give us strength. Give us overcoming power, Lord, for every every situation, for every circumstance in our life, Lord. Help us to seek after you day by day. We ask, Lord God, in Jesus name, we're asking it. Amen. And amen. God bless you. Turn if you would. Revelation 10. Revelation chapter 10 and verse 7. Amen. Good to see everyone here this morning. Good to see some sunshine outside today. I saw that we set the record for most days above 20° a couple days ago in a single year in Newfoundland and then we broke it yet again. So we've got 81 days of 20° or hotter. I think the unfortunate thing is we got them all almost in a row with no rain and so we got all those wildfires with it. But uh thankful for it. Amen. Thankful for some warm weather and some sunshine later into the fall the way we have it here. Amen. Just uh one announcement, of course, I'll be leaving on Thursday, headed down to the United States for the men's meetings with brother Barry Coffee. So, uh, Brother Joe will be going with me as well. So, we'll leave Brother Matt to to hold down the fort and I think Brother Mark is also going to be holding down the fort on song leading. Amen. On Sunday, so just pray for them that God will be with them each one. We're going to have Brother Gideon Gunnawan from Brother Jerry Fury's church in Alberta. We'll preach for us, preach for you, I should say, on Sunday. And then I'll be back for the Wednesday service. Then I'm leaving again on Thursday to go to uh British Columbia for a family reunion there. And so we'll have sorry we will have brother Carmen Mills this weekend. Not brother Gideon Gunnawan. Brother Gideon will come the weekend after while I'm in British Columbia. And so we've got just a number of men lined up for us there. So remember them. It'll be brother Carmen Mills this weekend. And then brother Gideon after that. Amen. And then I'll have brother Garfield, Lord willing, preach the Wednesday right after I get back in October. I think that'll be the 8th. Brother Garfield, if that works for you. Amen. And then I'll be leaving again in November, the first week of November for work. I fly out unfortunately first thing Sunday morning. Usually I'm able to get a flight out in the afternoon, but I wasn't. So I'll uh I'll see who we'll have to minister for that. But I've been home for so long and then I'm gone for just jammed into basically six weeks. I'm gone for for uh three separate trips. So just praying the Lord will be with me. Amen. I'm certainly looking forward to a break and uh some fellowship with some brothers. I haven't seen in a long time. Amen. So, just uh trusting God will be good to you guys here while I'm away. Revelation 10:7. We've read this many times. We'll read it one last time in the service. Says, "But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished as he had declared to his servants the prophets." Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats again this morning. We're back to our final thought on on uh the series on the Holy Ghost. And my clicker is not working there. Selena, if you can help me out. Amen. But I want to take another title on the the mystery finish. This is our fifth part, I believe. And I'm looking ahead to the finish line on this service. And there's some other things I'm looking forward to preaching that the Lord has laid on my heart. What I was telling brother Garfield the other day, I said, I I study and I I prepare my notes for the service and and I've got 50 pages of notes. And then when I'm done and I come back the next time, I've got almost 50 pages of notes. And then I finish that and I've still got 50 pages of notes. Amen. And so, as a pastor, as I pray and I study, things just tend to open up and you just keep adding to what you what you understand and what you see and it's just more and more and more. And so, really, you could you could take I was I was telling brother Mark, I think it was you could take one scripture and you could preach on it all service. Then you just take one more and you preach on at all service. And you'd still have stuff left over to preach on. So I'm thankful we're not running out of things. There was a preacher one time said, "I'm" He says, "I've run out of things to preach." I almost wish I had that problem. I've got too many things that you want to preach as you get into the Bible. Amen. But I'm I'm glad that we've got a word that opens up to us as we spend more time in it as we dwell on these different things. And you know, I I think it's good that we have more things opening up that we don't just have a period behind this is what I see today. This is what I understand that our services aren't predictable. You know, there's some churches you go to and if they're having special meetings, you know exactly what they're going to preach on every single time cuz they've got such a limited box of understanding. Their dogmas have put them into this this this cage of doctrine and theology. And so they preach all those things and it's the same things over and over again. But I believe that this Holy Spirit's here to open up his word continually. Amen. That what I understand today and then what I understand tomorrow will be just a little bit more. It'll take me a little bit higher. it'll draw me a little further away from the word of God. Amen. Because we know the Holy Spirit's here to get us into position for a resurrection and a rapture. Amen. That's what he's trying to do. And we spent the last five services talking about the ministry of Malachi 4, this end time prophet that was foretold to come and restore all things, restore us back to the original word, restore us back to the original faith. Amen. And I've hope we've settled in our minds that God promised a prophet and God sent a prophet. Amen. And that's what we preach here is the the truth as he's pointed us back to the word of God. And we've got to see that prophet's own process and preparation because he didn't come as a as a prophet fully prepared to do what God wanted him to do. But he just started out in obedience and then God took him to his first stage and his second stage and his third stage. And he took it one step at a time, church. That's all God's asking us to do this morning. Take it one step at a time. as he opens up his word to you, as he shows you what he wants to do. He says, "Just take that step." Lord, what am I going to do after that? Doesn't matter. Take the step. Once you take the step, then he'll show you where you to go for the next step. And the light will open up as you move forward in these things. And we saw this prophet. And you know, in the scriptures, we don't we don't really get to see too much of the development of a prophet. We don't get to see too much in the development of a ministry. We see it a little bit certainly in the disciples. We see it a little bit in Paul, but we haven't really gone from birth to death of a prophet in a way that we got to see in this age. And we got to see all of his personal failures, didn't we? We got to see that he he never failed in doctrine. But he failed in his in his his understanding. He failed in his obedience. He failed in using the gift of God to cater to the people. If you remember, where he was using those signs and wonders because the people wanted him to rather than the Holy Spirit was leading him to do it. And all it was showing us, church, is that that prophet was still just a man. Amen. Every minister is still just a man. We're the same as you. Amen. We've still got the same problems. Every minister faces three temptations. It's popularity, women, and money. And we've all got to face them. And we've all got to to take that attack in our our lives. And we saw it in that prophet's life where people said, "Well, if you'll if you'll stop preaching what you're preaching, then we'll support your campaigns. And if you don't do this, then we're going to do that. and if you'll do this then we'll do that. But remember what the scripture says about Elijah. James says this. He says Elijah was a man subject to like passions as we are. The common English Bible says Elijah was a person just like us. And that's the simple truth is that when we look at brother Brandham's life, we look at William Brandham's life, we see that he was just a man like us. But he had a calling to be a prophet. And that was the difference. But otherwise and all those things and he would even say it about himself. He would talk about his own failures. He would talk about when he disobeyed the spirit of God that told him to go to the Pentecostal people. And because his mother-in-law turned, he she said, "You're not going to take my daughter to be with those holy rollers." And so, he refused what God told him to do. And what did God do? God took his wife's life and his daughter's life. Why? Because he disobeyed. But brother Brandon would say this about himself. He says, "I'm ready to stand to my commission." He says, "I've loved people. I've catered to them." This was his weakness. Remember, he was so rejected as a young man that he just loved having people to like him. He loved having friends. He loved to have people accept him. He says, "I've catered to them." And he's met me vision after vision, which I don't have time to tell. And he says, you know, it's wrote right there on the backs of those books saying, "You're catering too much to the people." He said, "To walk with me, you'll walk alone. You're putting too much emphasis on those signs. I'm not a prophet this morning, but let me tell you, to walk this Christian walk, you've got to be willing to walk alone. You've got to be willing to walk alone. Amen. And you've got to be willing to let other people misunderstand you. You've got to let other people talk badly about you. You've got to be willing to let opportunities go. You've got to be willing to let money go. You got to be willing to let influence go. You've got to be willing to let everyone walk away from you and still stay with Christ. That's the requirement. Amen. You've got to be willing to be misunderstood. There's a price to pay for serving Christ. Amen. And you've got to be able to stand alone. But brother but brother Brandon was being prepared for his ultimate ministry. Those signs and wonders were just pointing to something. And we read in our opening scripture what his ultimate purpose was. in the days of the voice of the seventh angel when he shall begin to sound the mystery of God should be finished as he had declared to his pro servants the prophet. So brother Bram's ministry of signs and wonders and discernment was just paving the way for something else. It was just catching the people's attention. We'd say it was the bait on the hook. You're trying to catch the fish. Amen. But there were many men that had great signs and wonders. You look at Oral Roberts. Go look him up on YouTube. You'll see Oral Roberts there and he'll pray for people that are completely diseased and they'll be healed in a moment. That was not exclusive to brother Brandham. He started that healing ministry really. That was a wave that came out of his ministry. But you saw Oral Roberts go through. But what didn't he have? He didn't have discernment. He had to read the prayer cards. Brother Brandon would know it before they ever walked up. They were just standing there and he would discern it. And that's why I showed those videos in the last service. You look at a All and just yesterday I was watching some of the videos on AA and he brings a colored woman up and he says, "Oh, I see here." He says, "You've got a problem with your voice. You can't sing." He says, "And you want to sing?" He said, "What song would you sing if you could get your voice back?" And she get she just she she spoke out what it was and I forget what it was. He told the organist, he says, "Do you know how to play that? You can can you play that?" He says, "Because she's about to sing it." And then he lays her hand on her and he prays for her and then he says, "Sing your song." And he gives her the mic and she sings a song right then and there. What was it? It was a great healing ministry. It was signs and wonders. But you look at those men and what happened after that? What happened to the people? What happened to their ministries? Nothing. Because all they had were signs and wonders. The signs are supposed to point to something. They're supposed to point to an end goal. And they had nothing to point the people to. They had great faith. And I say, Lord, we need more great faith. But your faith has to take you to something, not just a temporary healing of this body. That woman that got her voice back still died. These people that have wonderful healing still died, but it was to take us into something that was beyond this life. Amen. And what happened? Alen, I believe, died an alcoholic. Great signs and wonders, but died an alcoholic. Oral Roberts walked away from his religion and chose another for the sake of popularity. Great ministries, but they had nothing to take the people to. It was so signs that pointed to nothing. It pointed to the men, unfortunately, was what happened. And those men broke down under the weight of their own success. Amen. But God had one man that was ordained to speak to this age. And that man would speak as the Holy Spirit gave him utterance. He would preach thus saith the Lord or else he would stay silent. Amen. Only one man was said to be the voice of the Holy Spirit in this age and it was William Brham. It was the seventh church angel's message. Amen. The scripture says in the days of the voice, the voice singular. There's only one voice. There's only one message that comes to that church. Amen. And I've said it before. It says it says the mystery of God should be finished. That word should in the original does not mean should like we do in English. We think should leaves a little bit of room open. I say you should eat healthy. Well, it's truth, but you don't have to do it if I say should. But the scripture there, the word there doesn't say should. It says the mystery of God would be finished. In other words, church, there's no doubt that the mystery is going to be finished. There's there's no possibility that it just might not happen. It's guaranteed to happen. Amen. The mystery of God will be finished under the message of the seventh angel. Amen. It started a long time ago, but it's going to be finished in the days of the voice of the seventh angel. Amen. And so, we have to ask ourselves, what is this mystery? What's it all about? Who does it in who's it who's who's involved in it? What's the finishing element? What's being finished in this day? What is it that's going on through all of this? Amen. The scripture says he's declared this mystery to his servants, the prophets. In other words, it's been declared all through time, church, but it's being revealed in this age. Amen. So that it's not bringing a new message. It's just showing us what God has sent already. It's showing us what God had planned already. It shows us the work that God's been doing all along. And nobody's really recognized what was going on. It's opening our eyes to what he's done so we'll see and believe what he's doing and gets us ready for what he's about to do. That's what's happening under this. Amen. It's it's it's bringing a message to a bride about the plan that God has already declared in his word about her and for her. Okay, that's the purpose is to get us ready now for a resurrection and a rapture. Now, here's why I had to spend five services talking about why we believe that there's an angel messenger, a prophet messenger to this age. Because if we're not looking for that messenger or his message, we're not going to be a part of the mystery of God being revealed. That's it. If you're not under the voice, then you're not going to be in the mystery because the spirit always reveals the word. That's the purpose of the Holy Spirit is to open up the word of God to us. And we've read in the last few services in Revelation 3 about the leady and church age how that seventh church age messenger, he will rebuke the people for their self- congratulating, self-affirming religion. That's the first thing he's going to do is he's going to say, "You don't have what you think you have. You're not what you think you are." And he'd show them very clearly. And what would he say? He'd say, "Get out of those denominational systems and get back to Christ because Christ isn't in it anymore. The life has moved on. The word has moved on. You kicked out the word. You kicked out the Holy Spirit. You brought things under men's leadership. And when you kick Christ out and the word out, what do you have left? Death. The ways of men are death every single time." Now, we could preach months on this mystery being finished and still have months of preaching left. But I want to summarize it just over the fir the next few services, Lord willing. But I want you to see something here. It says here the mystery will be finished. It doesn't just say the mystery will be understood. It doesn't say the mystery will just be preached. It doesn't just say the ministry will be talked about, but the mystery will be finished. Amen. It's a finishing work. It's a process. In other words, this is the happening time. It's not the talking time. It's the happening time. So, we're not here to be believers of the talk. We're here to be lever believers of the happening. Amen. This is when it all comes down to the showdown. This is when everything that God's been talking about comes into fulfillment. And you got to be a part of it. Not just a hearer of it, but you got to be part of the doing of it also. Amen. Our eyes have been opened, but our body has to receive what our eyes have seen. Amen. We're supposed to experience what we're believing. Amen. And so the message of this prophet is a is not just a speaking message, but it's a producing message. It's doing a work in a people. Amen. It's about the true church. It's about the bride of Christ. It's about the revelation of Jesus Christ in its last and final phase on this earth. That's what it's all about. Now, someone asked me, they said, "What is the practical reason or application to accept that God sent a prophet with an end time message?" That's a good question. We preach five services on Malachi 4 basically and why we believe it. But what is it all about? Why do we have to do that? Well, there's two reasons. The first is that it's a restoration message to bring us back to the original truth of the scriptures. It is not a new message. It's restoring us back to the truth that's been lost through men's ideas and denominations through 2,000 years. Okay? Jesus said we need to worship God in two things. Spirit and truth. Okay? Without truth, our worship isn't accepted. And without spirit, our truth isn't accepted. You can have spirit and no truth and it's not accepted. And you can have truth and no spirit and it's not accepted either. One's a cold formal church and the other one is all hooping and hollering, but there's no life behind it. You've got to have both of those together. Amen. And if you don't, then you're worshiping a God of your own choosing. And God doesn't accept that worship because you're worshiping your way, not his way. Amen. So, we needed to know by a restoration message what God wanted, what God expected, what God meant. And with so many churches doing away with all of those things, you're left with people that don't have a clue what God really wants. And so, we needed to be brought back to that, to the life of Christ, not just the theology of Christ. We've got so much theology, but we need a people that can live it, not just say they understand it. But the second thing he's got to do is this mystery finishing. It's prepare us for the rapture and the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. To get us in the right channel, get us in the right mindset to get us looking for the right thing. Remember, if you had Noah's message in Moses day, you weren't going to get anywhere. You'll be focused on the wrong thing. And so this prophet's message is to come and focus us on what God's trying to do today. Right now. Not backwards looking. Right now. See, remember what he said. Everybody knows what God did and everybody's looking for what God's going to do. But how many people are catching what he's doing when he's doing it? That's what he's trying to do is get us ready right now. And so he's got to bring a a mystery revealing message. He's got to bring a rapturing message. If you want to go in rapture, you need a rapture message. If you want to be healed, you need a healing message. If you want to be changed, you need a changing message. So, he's got to bring the things that we're looking for in our scriptures. Amen. Remember, we read last service, faith comes by hearing, and hearing comes by the word of God. In other words, faith comes by understanding, and understanding comes by the word. You can't have faith without the word to base it on. If you're going to go in a rapture, you got to have a rapture message to believe. You know, I was talking to my wife about that that that nominal Christian uh pastor that I was talking about last service. I didn't name his name. I still won't name it. They were talking I shared some things, you know, where he said, "Well, I don't believe that God is revealing divine truth anymore." And he didn't believe in this and didn't believe that. And I said to my wife, "His problem is not what he believes. His problem is what he doesn't believe. That's what's holding him back." Amen. He doesn't believe that the Holy Spirit's revealing divine truth. He doesn't believe in signs and wonders. He doesn't believe in divine healing. He doesn't believe in the gifts of the spirit. He doesn't believe in a true five-fold ministry. In short, he doesn't believe that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. So, because he doesn't believe it, guess what? He doesn't have it and he can't accept it and he can't even fathom the idea that somewhere somehow there might be something that he doesn't believe in. Remember Jesus went to some places and it says he could do no great miracles because of their unbelief. &gt;&gt; Amen. church. You can have all faith, but if you don't have all truth, what does it matter? Because your faith is limited to the truth that you have. And so, God can't do things in a person's life that won't accept his word. He'll only go as far as the truth that you've received into your life. Amen. I said it last service, I'll say it again. If you don't believe the word of God, you're not going to experience the word of God. It's that simple. Amen. If you don't believe in a rapture, you don't believe in divine healing, you don't believe in deliverance, you don't believe in the leadership of the Holy Spirit, you don't believe in the receiving of the Holy Spirit, guess what? You're never going to get it, church. Except God by sovereign grace comes down and touches you. I mean, we look at the Apostle Paul when he was called Saul. He didn't believe it. But when he received the Holy Spirit, that's when he believed it. And that's the problem today is we don't have the new birth. And that's why we don't believe it. Because when you get the Holy Spirit, it'll say amen to every word, every part of the scripture, it'll say amen to. And you see, Paul turned 180 degrees and walked the way that he was persecuting. Why? He had a new birth. And it opened his eyes and it opened up his soul to the word of God. So, what's the practical application of believing an end time message for a Leodysian church age? It'll get you to receive and obey the full word of God exactly the way that God gave it to Paul. Amen. It'll show you how to live. It'll show you how to talk. Show you how to walk. It'll show you how to dress yourself. It'll show you how to spend your time. It'll show you how to spend your money. It'll show you how to know your gifts. It'll show you how to use your gifts. Amen. It'll show you how to raise your kids. It'll show you how to love your spouse. It'll put you in a condition to walk with God. It'll put you into the light, amen, of the full word of God. Now, listen to what Brother Brand would say. He said he's sending a vindicated prophet. He's sending a prophet after almost 2,000 years. He's sending someone who is so far from organization, education, and the world of religion that as John the Baptist and Elijah of old, he will only hear from God. And he will have thus sayeth the Lord and speak for God. He will be God's mouthpiece. And he, as it is declared in Malachi 4:6, will turn the hearts of the children back to the fathers. The practical thing is he'll turn you back to what they used to believe, the full truth. But catch this. He says he will bring back the elect of the last day and they will hear a vindicated prophet give the exact truth as it was with Paul. He will restore the truth as they had it. And those elect pe those elect with him in that day will be the ones who truly manifest the Lord and be his body and be his voice and perform his works. He says hallelujah. Do you see it? Practically speaking, this is what he'll do. He'll bring you to a place where you'll reveal Christ all over again. You'll have the reality of Jesus Christ in your life. Amen. It'll be the same life living by the same word producing the same results. Now, I want to take us down to this mystery revealing portion and what it involves and what it looks like. And I want to take us to the book of Ephesians. And remember, Ephesians is our conquering chapter. It's our inheritance chapter. It's a type of the book of Joshua. And so, this is where we come in to what God has promised us. And in Ephesians 1, it says this, "Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who had blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ, according as he had chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love." Church, here's the great blessing, okay? He starts with the blessings and then he goes into the mysteries and it's all tied into one and the same thing. Amen. God chose you before you chose him. The greatest security you have, church, is that he chose you before the foundation of the world. Before you took a breath of life, before you did right, before you did wrong, before you came to church, he chose you. God made himself your source, your origin. You did not choose him. You came out of him. Okay? his decision, his decree, his will there he says is that you would be holy and without blame before him in love. Now it says there should be. This is another mischaracterization of the English language. The word there should be is a single word in the original language and it means I exist. In other words, that I exist holy and blameless before him in love. Remember, God revealed himself to Moses as the great I am, the self and continuous existing one. Now, out of him comes the I exist that is holy and without blame. And it is you and it is I. Our continuing nature, the attribute of God that he attaches to you and I is holy and blameless. Hallelujah. That what he declared before the start of all this time of all of this mess is that there's a people whose attribute in him is holy and blameless. Who therefore can lay anything to the charge of God's elect. There's therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ. Why? Because from the beginning he says, "She will be holy and she will be blameless before me based on my love to her." Based on my love to her, you became eternally identified, church, with holiness and free of blame. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. He says, "What? Having predestinated us unto the adoption of children." Adoption is a process of time. Remember, Paul says, "It doesn't yet appear what we shall be." having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will to the praise of the glory of his grace wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved church how could we take any glory to ourselves for where we are today for what we have today for what he's made us I had nothing to do with it it's his work it's his mercy it's his grace from before the foundation of the world before I took a breath of life he had a work already ordained for you and I. He says, "In whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins according to the riches of his grace." We sang that song, Something Keeps Hold Me. I had a revelation of God's desire to keep me in his grace. And then what are we preaching on this morning? God's desire to keep us in his grace. Not just a desire, church, a will to keep us in his grace. He says, "Wherein he hath abounded towards us in all wisdom and prudence." Now here we come to the mystery. Having made known unto us the mystery of his will according to his good pleasure which he hath purposed in himself. Church, where are we in that? We are only there as the recipients. Amen. It is his will. It is his good pleasure that he purposed in himself. In other words, he decided it. He chose it. He planned it. And we just get to receive it. It's not us that's doing it. It's himself. Amen. He purposed in himself. He decided in himself. He thought it. He made up his mind. And then he spoke it and wrote it down in his word for us to receive it. Now, here is the mystery. The mystery of his will is this verse 10. that in the dispensation of the fullness of times. In other words, when all of time comes down to the very end of it, he might gather together in one all things in Christ which are in heaven and which are on earth, even in him. So simply put, this means when the time is all over, he would join together in unity all those that are in Christ, those that are in heaven and those that are in earth. He'd unify it all together into one thing. Okay? Those who came out of God will be those that go back into God. &gt;&gt; Amen. You can't go in if you didn't come out. Because that's what redemption is. Is to bring back that which he had in the first place. So the redeemed are those that came out of God. Those that'll be redeemed back to God. Amen. That's a very simple formula. If you came out of God, you'll go back to God. Okay. He says, "In whom also we have an obtained we have obtained an inheritance being predestinated according to the purpose of him who workketh all things after the counsel of his own will. Not my will, not your will, not your desire, not my desire. It's all according to his." Amen. But church, look at this. We have an inheritance. We don't like to think about inheritance because for us, inheritance is always tied to death. Amen. My dad turns 73 next month. My mom is 72, I believe. I may have an inheritance, but I'm more interested in keeping my parents alive than getting my inheritance. Can we say amen? Those of us with older parents, we don't want to lose our parents. So, we'd say, "I'll forego the inheritance if I can keep my family, if I can keep my parents." But we look here and we see that we have an inheritance because somebody died. but he rose again, but we still get our inheritance. We get to have our cake and eat it, too. We get everything that he gave us by his death, and we get to have him yet again. That's the kind of inheritance I'm interested in. Amen. I'm trusting that'll be the inheritance I get with my family. That we all go without seeing death and we gain our inheritance together. Amen. But notice now, he has something for us. Amen. We have something that we're waiting on that he has prepared for us. And he says that we should be to the praise of his glory who first trusted in Christ. So if we were to summarize all this, I would read it this way. God has a chosen people that are ordained and elected to be positionally placed into the body of Jesus Christ. And those people are given full access to the every spiritual blessing that God has declared to us. I feel like more than three people should have said amen or glory there. Everything that God has is available to those that were in his mind before the foundation of the world. That's what you have waiting for you. Amen. The great mystery of God revealing in this age is Christ revealing himself in and through this church, this bride, this people. Amen. That's what God's trying to do in this age. These people came from God. They're being restored back to God. Remember, you are what you came out of. My children are just an expression of me. But see, don't take this wrong. My children are flawed because they don't come just through me. They come through my wife. So, Jonathan is not a perfect expression of me because he's got some of my wife blended in. But see from the eternal we come from the father alone. Okay? You see that we come from the father alone. And so Jonathan in perfect in a perfect world would have just my DNA in him. He'd be an expression of me. Remember what happened in the garden of Eden? God came down and he took a part out of Adam. Eve was not birthed. She was created from the same thing that she came out of. So God came down. He took a rib out of Adam and then he formed a woman all around that. Not just a woman. He took a bride out of him and he prepared her and he brought her to Adam. And Adam says, "You are bone of my bone and you are flesh of my flesh." In other words, you're built out of the exact same things I'm built out of. There is no difference in our makeup. There's just a difference in our expression. But you're made from the exact same thing. She was a part of him. She was cut from the same cloth, we'd say, but she was just a different looking manifestation of who he was. Eve was just Adam in a different body. Okay? But remember, Adam was in the image of God. In other words, what we see Adam as is what God is. Okay? He was a in the form of God. He was the son of God, the scripture says. And so, we can see in Adam our own representation in Christ. Amen. John tells us in the beginning was the word. The word was with God. The word was God. And the word was made flesh. Amen. God stepped into a body into a flesh form called Jesus. Amen. And God poured him into that. And then Paul is saying here that just as Adam had a portion taken out of him, God had a portion taken out of him. And it's to prepare a bride. And those that were taken out of him are those that are going to go back to him. That's the way that this has to work. And what is it? In the beginning was the word. And so this has to be a word bride. Not a man bride, not a flesh bride. She has to be a word bride. So a restoring messenger has to come to restore us back to being a word bride instead of a bride by the creation and dressing of men. Cuz she's got to be prepared for God, not prepared for men. Okay? Jesus Christ was the perfect expression of the word. And to me, perfect means he didn't go too far and he didn't stop short. He performed exactly what the word said he was going to do. He was perfect in his obedience to the b to the word. Listen to this. He says, "You were fore orained to be a son of God. You were in God before the foundation of the world. You're only manifested in this day for his honor and glory." How can you do it without honoring his word and stand with every word of God? He says, "Which you are a part of the word by predestination because God is the word." He says, "Well, then he always was the word. In the beginning was the word. And if the word was God and then you were in God, the word," he says, "the part that you're to play was in God before the foundation of the world." What's the part that you're to play, church? The mystery that's going to be revealed. It's the portion of the expression of God in this age that you and I are supposed to play. Now, he takes us back to where I was talking in John. He says in John 1:1 where it says in the beginning was the word. The word from which we get our translation for word is logos which means the thought or concept. It has the double meaning of both thought and speech. He says now a thought expressed is a word or words. He says isn't that wonderful and beautiful. John says that the concept of God was expressed in Jesus. Okay that's what the word is the is the expression of God. He says when Jesus was on earth, he said, "Believest thou that not that I am in the Father and the Father in me. The words that I speak unto you, I speak not of myself, but the Father that dwells in me, he do doeth the works." He says, John 14:10, "Here then it is most evidently set forth that the perfect manifestation of God in the Son was by the inddwelling spirit manifesting in word and works." So in other words, God expressed himself in and through Jesus Christ by his spirit. And what did he do? He manifested in word what he said and in works what he did. And the two match perfectly. Jesus didn't say one thing and do another. That's a human trait. He said and he did and they both always lined up together. He said that is what we exactly what we've been teaching all along. when the bride will get back to being a word bride. What's going to take that church? A restoration message. She's got to get back to the word so she can be a word bride instead of a denominational bride. He said she will produce the very works that Jesus produced. Now, we saw that when brother Brandon was up there, didn't we? We saw the very works of Christ. But he moved from the works of his hands to the works of the word, right? He went into his word fulfillment not just in the signs and wonders but now the opening of the word the restoration of the word to get a bride ready for Christ. He says the word is God. The spirit is God. They are all one. One cannot work apart from the other. And if one truly has the spirit of God, he will have the word of God. Now notice he says here when the bride will get back to being a word bride, that's a restoration that's happening. They weren't a word bride. They were a denominational bride. They were a bride of their own dressing, a bride of their own making, a bride of their own preparation. Remember, Leodysa is full of professing Christians that aren't Christians. They're professing Christians. Why? But they they aren't true Christians because they refuse to line up with the word of God. They've denied the truth. They've denied the power as we read last service. Amen. And so, they're not a word bride. They are a church bride of their own making and choosing. That's what's left out there. Amen. Notice there's always a people professing to be Christ and then there's always a people that are are expressing Christ. Profession is not what gets us in church. It's expression. Manifestation is what we're looking for. We read that quote earlier, but let's take it now back to the word of God. Remember what Jesus said in Matthew 7. Not everyone that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven. In other words, just because you call Jesus Christ your Lord and Savior, does not mean he is your Lord and Savior. He says, "Not everyone that says that to me is going to enter the kingdom of heaven, but who will? He that doeth the will of my father which is in heaven." So it's not our confession that makes us Christians. It's his confirmation of who we are that makes us Christians. It's his identification with us. Amen. And he says, who's the one that is in the kingdom of heaven? It is the one that does the will of God. What is his will? His word. It's a very simple principle. And here's what he says now. He says there's all these people are professing me to be their Lord. He says, ' And many me many will say to me in that day, what day, church? This day? Many are going to say in that last day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name and in thy name have cast out devils, and in thy name done many wonderful works. And then will I profess unto them, I never knew you? Depart from me, you that work iniquity. You see, there's a lot of people doing a lot of wonderful things, but it's them that calls them wonderful things. He never says those are wonderful things. They say they're wonderful things. Amen. There's people with natural gifts that are doing wonderful things. There's people with spiritual gifts that are doing wonderful wings things and wonderful works. But God doesn't say that. God says, "I don't know you. I never knew you in the first place. You've been doing iniquity." Remember what iniquity is? You don't you don't do something you know to do. You refuse to do what God tells you to do and you do something else. Amen. He said what you did was iniquity. It was your own will. It was your own choosing. It was your own creation. You rejected the word and instead you did what you wanted to do. He says and I had no part in it. I wasn't your Lord because you didn't do what I said. Okay. But there's a people that have come out of all that and what are they doing? They're going back to the word. They're going back to the leadership and the power of the Holy Spirit. They're laying down their own thoughts. They're laying down their own ideas. They're laying they're letting God open up the word to them so that they can finally walk in a way that's pleasing to God, church. And that's when we start to see results. You start to see lasting results when you walk according to the word that God has revealed to you. Amen. People want the results of the word, but they don't want the obedience to the word. We all want God to do great things in our life, but how many of us are willing to lay down our life so that he can do great things in it? That's what he's looking for. Amen. I I love what brother Barry said here. He says, "Obedience is critical to rapturing faith." Obedience is so critical to the believer in this age. Amen. Remember when King Saul went up against the Amalachites and the prophet Samuel, he said, "Listen, here's the word of the Lord. Kill the men, kill the women, kill the children, kill the animals, destroy everything, keep nothing. keep nothing. And then sa Saul went Samuel kind of comes afterwards to check out how the battle went. And Saul hadn't killed everything. He had kept some of the animals for a sacrifice. He had kept the king himself. And the scripture says they kept some of the good stuff, but they burned the bad stuff. So what has he done? He's got partial obedience here. But I want you to hear what Samuel says to him. Samuel says, "And Samuel said, had the Lord as great delight in burnt offerings and sacrifices as in obeying the voice of the Lord." He says, "Behold, to obey is better better than sacrifice, and to hearken is better than the fat of rams." Church, nothing wrong with a sacrifice, but he says it's better to obey God than to disobey and sacrifice in your disobedience. Okay? In other words, your sacrifice of praise or your offering is not accepted when it comes by way of disobedience. You can't offer the fruit of your disobedience as a sacrifice to God. Let me make it simple. You can't pay tithes on money you made making drugs, selling drugs. God's not interested in that. Disobedience is not something you can offer to God. It's not accepted by him. Remember, Cain tried to do that. Cain tried to offer an excellent sacrifice and God rejected it and God accepted a more excellent. In other words, there's a better and there's a best. There's a great and then there's a best. And God came to Cain. He says, "Cain, why are you so angry? Just do it the way you know how to do it now and I'll accept you." And Cain said, "I'm not going to do it." He refused to do it. Amen. He tried to bring his disobedience. He says, "This is all I can offer. take it or leave it to God. And God said, "No thanks." Now, watch what Samuel says here. He says, "For rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft, and stubbornness is as iniquity and idolatry, because thou hast rejected the word of the Lord. He hath also rejected thee from being king." Samuel pulls no punches here, church. He goes right to the heart of the issue. He says, Saul, he says, you're rebellious and you're stubborn. Remember in a previous incident that Samuel had told Saul, "Go and wait on me and I'll come and I'll offer sacrifice and then you can go into battle." And remember what happened is sa Saul waited for seven days. Samuel said, "I'm going to come on the seventh day." Saul waited till the seventh day and then the situation got so uh dire so um desperate that Saul said if I don't do this sacrifice the people are going to leave and I'm not going to have an army and I'm not going to be able to fight. And so Saul took the sacrifices and he sacrificed them to God instead of letting the prophet do it. See what happened? He got so desperate for himself to hold on to his position to get the victory that he disobeyed. And Samuel came in. He said, "What are you doing?" And he said, "Listen, I had to do it. Church, we don't have to do anything if it's in disobedience." But Saul convinced himself he had to do what he was doing. And it was straight up disobedience. And Samuel said, "Listen, because of that, God's going to take the kingdom." What a horrible thing. What's the problem here, church? Saul thinks he knows better than God. Saul thinks he can change the plan of God and it'll please God more. But the problem is, and this is our human nature, Saul modified the plan to suit himself to make himself look better, to make himself better in the eyes of the people. And then he offered his disobedience to God. Amen. He dedicated his self-modified plan to God. And God rejected it. Now, that word rebellion, it's an interesting word. It's it's mari in the original language and it comes from the root mara which if you remember is what Naomi said. So rebellion is a dual meaning word. It means bitter or rebellious. Amen. Remember what Naomi she said. She said when she came back to Israel and all she had was Ruth. She lost her sons. She lost her husband. She lost her other daughter-in-law. She said call me Mara. Call me bitter. For the Almighty had dealt very bitterly with me. Now the simple truth is church, God didn't deal bitterly with her. Her husband dealt bitterly with her. Her husband led her out of the land of promise. Led her away from what God had given to them. Took them into a land of idolatry. They married people out of the world. And then God took her husband's life. God took her son's life. What was it? She was reaping what she was sowing. She reaped what her husband sowed. And she blamed it on God. Church, God wasn't in the decision. You can't blame him on the results. And that's what she did right there. Amen. Too many people are mad at God because they're reaping what they sowed. And if God's not in the decision, we can't blame him on the the harvest that we get in those different things. God says here, "Rebellion is just like witchcraft to me." That puts things into perspective, doesn't it? Rebellion, bitterness, doing things your own way. That's the same as witchcraft to God. Remember, I preached on this not too long ago. To partially obey is still disobedience. We don't get marks for obedience. You can't say, "I got 90% on obedience this month." That's disobedience. What you did was you got 100% on disobedience. Because partial obedience is still disobedience. You left it undone. You don't get credit for doing most of what God asked you to do. You get credit for doing everything God asked you to do. Amen. God's looking for people that are surrendered, not rebellious. Then he says, "Listen, Saul, you're not just rebellious. You're stubborn." And that word means you're urgent, you're pushy, you're insubordinate, you're insistent. In other words, you're trying to force your way on God. What arrogance do we have, church, when all we can do is say, "God, do it my way." Or, "I'll just go ahead and do it my way." Amen. It's you're wanting him to give into you rather than yield yourself to his perfect will. Amen. God says it's the same as iniquity and idolatry is stubbornness. Serving another God, church, because stubbornness is rooted in self- worship. Let me say it again. Stubbornness is rooted in self- worship because you believe that your way is the way. And to do that, you have to raise yourself above God. That's why we're stubborn as we think. We know better than almighty God does. Therefore, we insist on our way. Therefore, we pray for our way. Therefore, we walk according to our way. And what does it do, church? It takes the word and the spirit right out of our life. And he's got to go stand in a corner and wait for us to come back to him. We talk so much about adoption. We've talked about it. We've read the scriptures here about it. But the thing is that adoption doesn't come from rising up, church. It comes from dying out. You've got to die out to your way of thinking, to your way of feeling, to the things that want to control us and yield ourselves completely to the word by the Holy Spirit. That's the only way we can ever come into adoption to where he can place us in the body and start to use us. We've got to die out daily, the scripture says. And stubbornness is not the nature of a child of God. Not the nature of an adopted child. We're all stubborn. Amen. I can be stubborn. Ask my wife sometime. I can be real stubborn. But church, if there's one thing we ought to be stubborn on, it's the word of God. That's where our stubbornness needs to be. I will not bend. I will not bow. I will not move. I will be stubborn about the word of God and I'll let everything else go. That's the stubbornness that God wants. Amen. Is that we won't move from his word. But our own will, our own ideas, that's the stubbornness that we don't want to have. I said, God, help us not to be stubborn to our own ways. Remember what Jesus said, if any man will come after me, let him deny himself. How you going to know whether it's you or God? How does it line up with the word? Very simple. If it doesn't match the word, then it's me. It's this flesh. And if it matches up with the word, it's God. Let him deny himself and take up his cross daily and follow me. It's an everyday decision, church. It's an everyday experience that he's calling us to. And for whosoever shall save his life shall lose it. But whosoever will lose his life for my sake, the same shall save it. He says, "For what is a man advantage if he gain the whole world and lose himself or be cast away?" Church, we've all got our own ideas on how things should be done, when they should be done, who should do them? We've all got that. But are we yielding that back to the word of God? Amen. We can even look at things in the word and say, "That's for me, and we ought to do that." But the timing and the season of it has to be in God's hands. Amen. Not just in our hands. I'm reminded of Abraham. He took God at his word and then 25 years later he finally got it. Joseph 15 years I think 13 years. David was 15 years getting the kingdom. Joseph 13 years to having his his vision fulfilled his dream fulfilled. Amen. And so many times what happens is we're taking things into our hands in and that's stubbornness trying to take things into our hands to make it happen rather than letting God do the work. I love this quote. He says, "If we just stayed close to God and loved him and just kept living for him and not trying to push things over," he says, "Just live for God. Live a pure, holy life and live and pray every day. Keep yourself refreshed in his presence." Church, that's something you've got to commit time to doing. I've said it before about what helped me in the mornings. What I used to do is wake up and pick up my phone. And you know what that would do? Drag me down rather than refresh me. I don't need to see what's going on in the world. I don't need to see what's going on in my texts. I don't need to see what's going on in my emails. What I need is to wake up with God. Get refreshed in his presence. Commit your day to him. Give him time to get you set for the day. And when you do that, you can set your day right. He says, "Stay refreshed in his presence. God will take care of the rest of it. Hallelujah. You do your part. Stay close to him. God will take care of everything else. Scripture says, "Seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness, and all these other things will be added to you." He says he will adopt the people into his own beloved body, the church. He says, "And when the rapture comes, you'll be found without a blemish because you're living in the presence of the king." He says, "There's the secret, friend." Church, hear this this morning. God's not looking for grand gestures of faith or commitment or generosity. God's looking for obedience. That's it. Simple, humble obedience to his word. Amen. The bride of Christ will accept his word. She'll believe his word. And she'll live by his word. She'll be obedient to it. Amen. The Holy Spirit will never lead us astray from the word. It can't do it. It's one and the same thing. Amen. And so the spirit is a spirit of truth. Jesus said, and he'd have to go against himself to lead us contrary to his word. He would say this. He says, "Have you noticed in Revelation 22:17, the spirit and the bride say come, and let him that heareth say come." He says, "See the bride speaks the same word as does the spirit." She's a word bride, proving she has a spirit. For in every church age we hear those words, he that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit saith to the churches. He said, the spirit gives the word. You say, "I'm being led by the Holy Spirit today." How many of us would say we're led by the Spirit today? No one. How many of us would say we're led by the Spirit today? Here's how you know. He said, "The spirit gives the word." Are we led by the word or are we led by something else? He says, "If you have the spirit, you will hear the word for your age as those true Christians took the word for their age." Paul wrote earlier about a church, a gentile church in the Ephesians, the book of Ephesians. Amen. And this is a people that have no natural lineage, no bloodline, no association that leads them back to truth. They are completely outside of it. Amen. They scattered through all all out the globe. Yet, but yet he says he revealed it to his servants, the prophets. He showed it all through the scriptures all before this. And you see it's hidden in the types and the shadows how that God called out one here and God called out one there and it looked like they would never be a part of the people of God. But we look at Rahab, a prostitute living in an idolatrous city being abused by mankind and yet she was a child of God. We look at Ruth serving in an idolatrous country and God comes and out of all of them pulls out just one and saves her. Amen. We look at the woman at the well. We look at Joseph's Egyptian wife. We look at Moses' Ethiopian wife and it was just one here and one there and one there. And God just took them out and joined them into that bride body. Join them into the family. Amen. It looked like they were not apart. But God said, "No, they are apart. You're looking at the outside. I'm looking beyond time. I'm looking back to eternity." Amen. And what was it doing, church? It was all pointing to a gentile bride coming in the last ages. Amen. Now, Paul would say this in Ephesians 3. He says, "Whereby when you read, ye may understand my knowledge in the mystery of Christ, which in other ages was not made known." In other words, it wasn't understood. The mystery was there. The words were there, but they didn't understand what it was talking about. It was not made known unto the sons of men. The prophets had it. They were told it, but they didn't know what it meant. He says, "As it is now revealed unto his holy apostles and prophets by the spirit." Now, they move into the gentile age, the gentile dispensation. He says, "And now it's becoming clear what God was talking all about that they didn't have a clue about." And here's the clue or here's the mystery that the Gentiles should be fellows and of the same body and partakers of his promise in Christ by the gospel. In other words, God has a gentile bride, a people that are not a people. They're not a single family. The Jews were all one family. They all come from Abraham. And they can all say, "I'm a son of Abraham. I'm a daughter of Abraham." This gentile bride is scattered throughout the world. Look around us. We've got Collins. We've got coffees. We've got Curletes. We've got Monteros. We've got Grants. We've got Shaws. We've got Benjamins. She might be related to Abraham. Benjamins. We've got them all over. We're not of one blood. We're not of one family. But that's how he does it. He's pulling one from here and one from there and one from here and one from there and it doesn't look Listen, we don't all look the same. I don't know if you've noticed, Brother Garfield and I don't look the same. And he and Brother Chad look a little bit the same, but there are some major differences as well, aren't there? And some of us, we don't look at all like each other. We're completely different. Amen. But I want to take us back to a scripture that points to the calling out of a gentile bride. There are many, but I want to take us to the one that perhaps I feel is the most clear, and it's in the book of Hosea. And God says, "And I will sew her unto me in the earth, and I will have mercy upon her that had not obtained mercy." Notice, he sws in the earth. What a good man sowed seed in the earth. Who did it? The son of man. God sowed in the earth. Okay? He swed it in the earth. And he says, "Now here, I will have mercy upon her that had not obtained mercy, and I will say to them which were not my people, thou art my people, and they shall say, Thou art my God." God had judged gentile nation after gentile nation, for sacrificing their children, for idolatry, for persecuting the true people of God. Time after time, he judged them. The cup of the Amorites was full. He went into Canaan. He said, "Destroy them all. Leave none alive. Okay. But through the prophet Hosea, God says, "I'm going to have mercy on a people that have only received judgment. People that are only worthy of judgment." Why? Because I sold them. I sold them. Out of all of that judgment is going to come something worthy of mercy. Amen. He says, "I'm going to have mercy on people that deserve judgment." Church, that's why we're here today. God rich in mercy reached down and swed us in the earth. And then when it came time to reap us, he says, "I'm going to have mercy." That's one of mine. In all the weeds, I've got a little wheat planted in Newfanland. I've got a little weed planted in Jamaica. I've got a little wheat planted in in Ontario. I've got a little wheat planted in Dubai or Philippines. One here and one there. They didn't know it. We didn't know it. We didn't know what we were. Amen. But God, rich in mercy, reached out. people flung all over the world, all over the earth. And he reaches out and he harvests one here and he harvests one there. We have no access to truth. No access to Abraham. No claim to anything of God. But church, it's not by a bloodline. It's by a faith line. Amen. It's by a predestinated faith line from Almighty God. And God says, "I've got a bride in there. They're a part of me. They don't look like it. They don't seem like it. They don't even know it themselves. But in the day when the mysteries revealed, I'm going to pull them out and I'm going to show the whole world who she is. We don't know what we are. We're believing under these things, but there's a great revealing coming. And he's going to say, "She's a part of me. She didn't look like it. She didn't act like it. But I'm going to prove one day she's a part of me." Remember, Ephesians is our conquering book. It's our inheritance book. And I want you to see how we get into that position. Ephesians 2, he says, "And you had he quickened. You have he made alive who were dead in trespasses and sins. This is our natural state, church. Don't worry about your natural state. Worry about it if it's not changing. &gt;&gt; But don't worry about what you start as. Worry about what you're turning into. That's what we're looking for. Amen. &gt;&gt; He says, "Wearing in times past, is it times past, church, it better be times past, it's too late. Ye walked according to the course of this world." In other words, you live the way everybody else lives. He says, "According to the prince of the power of the air, the spirit that now workketh in the children of disobedience." The way this world lives, if we're matching it, church, we're in disobedience. We're under another influence. We're under another spirit. It's a spirit of disobedience to God in his word. He says, "Among among whom also we had our conversation, we had our lives in time past in the lusts of our flesh, fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind and were by nature the children of wrath even as others." In other words, we were worthy of judgment in our natural state. In our naturalb born state, we're worthy of judgment. He says, "But God who is rich in mercy." Here's the fulfillment of Hosea 2, church, for his great love wherewith he loved us. Church, when we read God's description of us in our natural state, we have to realize he doesn't love us because of how we start. He loves us because he chose to love us. &gt;&gt; It's elective love, not performative love. It's not based on works. It's based on his election. Amen. where I'm worthy of love. But his great love, his great love wherewith he loved me whereas he loved you. That's what brings us to the position that we're talking about. That's what brings us into the revealing of this mystery. Amen. That pulls us out of this horrible muck that we're stuck in. I mean, this body is muck. We need to be pulled out of it. Amen. And it's his great love that does it. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord this morning. He says, "Even when we were dead in sins, hath quickened us. has made us alive together with Christ. By grace are ye saved. And I say amen. By grace are you saved. And hath raised us up together and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ. that in the ages to come. In other words, that in a span of time, he might show the exceeding riches of his grace in his kindness towards us through Christ Jesus. There's an ongoing revealing and acting of God's grace for his bride. Church, we live under a banner of grace, a banner of mercy, a banner of love. Amen. All the way through the ages. He says, "For by grace are ye saved through faith, and that not of yourselves. It is the gift of God, not of works, lest any man should boast. For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works, which God had before ordained that we should walk in them." Notice it says, "We are his workmanship." In other words, God's doing the work. God's doing the starting. God's doing the finishing. And God's doing everything in between. Amen. It's like a sculptor. You go and you look. Have has anybody here ever seen a sculptor starting a work? Well, you have cuz you can just go out and you can see a piece of rock. That's what they start with. They start with just a chunk of stone. And when they look at that stone and we look at that stone, we see two very different things, don't we? Me, I see a chunk of stone. I see the flaws. I see the cracks. I see the variations in color. I look at the outside. I look at what is very visible, very apparent. But a sculptor is looking beyond the surface and he's seeing something that can come out of it. And so a sculptor is looking at a rock and he says, "This is going to be my workmanship." And so what do they do, church? Does a sculptor go work in public? Usually if he's going to make a masterpiece, he doesn't make it in public, does he? He goes and he takes it into his shed. takes it into his workshop and he closes the doors and what does he do? He starts working on it. Now, he might bring people in, they'll say, "Hey, how's it going?" He'll bring them in, they'll show he'll show it to them. Doesn't tell them what it is. He just says, "This is my masterpiece." They don't know what it is cuz first, he's just knocking off all the rough stuff. He's just getting it into a general shape. But then from there, he starts to go to find features and elements that'll make it a little more obvious. And then by the end, church, he's just working with little pieces of sandpaper just to smooth and polish it. And then what happens is he comes out and he reveals the whole thing to everyone. And we say, "Wow, I never saw that coming." How did you see that in that in that piece of stone? How many of you have gone to see that that that veiled woman um uh sculpture that's in the the the nunnery there by the uh by the basilica? It's amazing, isn't it? You literally can see her face beneath a veil of stone. It seems like, who would have thought when that man took that chunk of rock that he was going to turn out something so beautiful. But see, he knew how to do it. I couldn't do it. You probably couldn't do it. But he had a way of doing it. Amen. Paul says, "Listen, we are God's workmanship." That means, church, we're in a process. We're in a process. Don't worry if you're not finished. Don't worry if somebody else is ahead of you. It seems like we're in a process. It's a process of time. We are his workmanship. Amen. Amen. And this isn't something that he just spoke through a seven church age messenger. It's something that God has been speaking of and showing of through types and shadows for all of time. Amen. That seven church age messenger is just showing us it finally. He's showing us what it looks like. Amen. He's revealing what has been happening all along. Remember when he preached the church ages? I mean, you look at the dark ages. It's pretty hard to see Christ in the dark ages, but he still showed it to us. He showed what he was doing. He showed what he was working. He showed how God was still producing a bride out of it. And Paul says we are God's workmanship. Amen. So what we are and what we are becoming is all a product of God's work in our lives. What's our purpose? He says good works. Good works. Amen. Not just any good works. Good works that God has before ordained. That where that phrase means prepared beforehand. So, in other words, God has a plan. God has a purpose. God has a reason for each and every one of us to be here today. And he's got a path laid out. He's got a testimony laid out. He's got a purpose laid out. He's got a gift laid out. He's got a place laid out for each and every person that's a part of the body of Christ. And he's saying, "Walk where I've appointed you. Walk where I built you to walk. Do what I've told you to do in those things." Amen. Not stubborn works. Not works of partial obedience. Not works of doing it our way, not works of doing what makes us feel good or makes us feel better or makes us look good like Saul tried to do. Amen. God wants us to have his testimony, not our testimony. His testimony. He wants us to reflect him. Amen. It wants He wants it to be for his glory, not for our glory alone. Amen. He's looking for people that have produced Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Now, I'm going to close with one quote. The musicians can come if they would. Amen. I used this before, but it was so long ago. I want to refresh our mind and it'll set us up for the service on Wednesday. Lord willing. He says this. There will be a bride just as certain as I'm standing in this pulpit. There will be a bride that is washed in the blood of that lamb. And that lamb will be living among them showing super signs of his resurrection after 2,000 years. the same thing he did when he was here on earth. Amen. God bless you. Let's stand. I know I left you with an Oreo in your mouth there. Amen. But you chew on that throughout the the beginning of the week and just dwell on these things and say, "Lord, am I in your works or am I in my works? Am I in your grace or in my way?" Amen. Lord, am I walking according to the truth you showed me or am I walking according to the truth that I've made up in my mind? Amen. church. God, he's not winking at ignorance anymore, is he? He's given us everything. And he's just saying, "Just do it. Just believe it. Just obey it. I'll take care of the rest of it." Amen. I'll take care of the rest of it. I love that promise. When we walk close to him, he takes care of all of our needs. Amen. God bless you. Let's bow our heads, Lord Jesus. Lord, we're resting on your promise today. Lord, you said you'd never leave us. You said you'd never forsake us. You said if we walk in the light as you're in the light, we'd have fellowship with you and your your blood would cleanse us from all sin. Lord, we're trusting in your promises this morning. Lord, we're trusting. We're a part of that great revealing, that mystery revealing of you and your bride, heavenly father. Let a part of that chosen elect people, Lord, that you had in your mind and your thoughts before the foundation of the world. Lord, this word is drawing us back to you. Lord, I pray you help us to read it every day. Lord, to anchor it in our hearts every day, Lord, that we would filter our lives through that word every single day. Lord, may there be a love for you, Lord. May there be a hunger for you, a thirst for you, Lord, that keeps us in your presence day by day. Lord, I know we need a refreshing. Lord, this life can get us so down. These battles, these struggles, the busyiness, Lord, the circumstances of life are just there to try and beat us down in our faith. Lord, help us to come back to your word. Lord, help us to dwell in your presence, Lord Jesus, Lord, that we could be children, Lord, that we could be sons and daughters of God. Lord, great lights. We pray, Lord, bless your people, remembering Brother Paul, Lord, who's sick especially, Lord, praying grace for your servant. Lord, we need him here, Lord. We need him at his post of duty. Lord, praying you restore him to his family and to this church body. We pray Lord those that aren't here today, Brother Kingsley, Sister Melody, Lord, praying your grace to them, Lord. Each one, Lord, that couldn't make it, Lord. We ask your grace, Lord, be with us now in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. When the redeemed gather 208 [Music] I am thinking of the rapture in our blessed home on high when the redeemed are gathering in. I will raise the heavenly anthem in that city in the sky. When the redeemed are gathering in. When the redeemed are gathering in. Wash like snow and free from all sin. How we'll shout and how we'll sing. When the redeemed are gathering in, there will be a great procession over on the streets of gold when the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, what musical, what singing, or the city will be rolled. When the redeemed are gathering in. When the redeemed are gathering in, washed like snow and free from all sin. How will shout and how we'll sing. When the redeemed are gathering in, saints will sing redemption story with their voices clear and strong. When the redeemed are gathering in, that the angels all will listen. For they cannot join that song. When the redeemed are gathering in. When the redeemed are gathering in. Wash like snow and free of all sins. I will shout and I will sing. When the redeemed are gathering in, then the Savior will give orders to prepare the banquet for when the redeemed are gathering in. And we'll hear his invitation. Come be blessed of the Lord. When the redeemed are gathering in. When the redeemed are gathering in. Wash like snow and free from all sin. I will shout and I will sing. For the redeemed are gathering in. Sing that chorus again. Oh, when the redeemed are gathering in, washed like snow and free from all sin. How will shout and how we'll sing when the redeemed [Music] are gathered in. Oh, once like a bird in prison. I dwell 265. No freedom from my sorrow I fell. Then Jesus came and listened to me. And glory to God, he set me free. Oh, he set me free. Yes, he set me free. He broke the bonds of prison for me. I'm glory bound by Jesus the sea. Glory to God. He set me free. Now I am climbing higher each day. Darkness of night has drifted away. [Applause] Are planted on higher ground. Glory to God. I'm over. He set me free. Yes, he set me free. He broke the bonds of prison for me. I'm glory found my Jesus to see. Glory to God. He set me free. Goodbye to sin and things that confound. Not of this world shall turn me around. Daily I'm working. I'm praying to you. Glory to God I'm going through. Oh, he set me free. Yes, he set me free. He broke the bonds of prison for me. I'm glory bound my Jesus the sea. Glory to God. He set me free. Now I am climbing higher each day. Darkness of night has drifted away. My feet are planted on higher ground. Glory to God. I'm home bound. He set me free. Yes, he set me free. He broke the bonds of prison for me. I'm glory bound my Jesus to see. Glory to God. He set me free. Oh, he set me free. Yes, he set me free. He broke the bonds of prison for me. I'm glory bound by Jesus to see. Glory to God. He set me free. Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory is mine. 649. Victory today is mine. I told Satan to get behind. Victory today. Second verse 649. Oh, when I woke this morning, I didn't have no doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. And so I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, if you please, I got up singing and shouting the victory. Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. Well, I told Satan to get behind. Victory today is mine. Joy is mine. Oh, joy is mine. Joy is mine. Joy today is mine. I told Satan to get behind. Joy today is mine. Oh, happiness is mine. Happiness is mine. Happiness today is mine. Well, I told Satan to get me behind. Happiness today is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. Oh, I told Satan to get behind. Victory today is mine. And it's the Holy Ghost and fire and it's keeping me alive. It's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. It's a Holy Ghost of God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Jesus is keeping me alive. Oh, it's down in my heart and it's keeping me alive. It's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. Well, it's down in my heart and it's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me alive. And the Holy Ghost and fire and it's keeping me alive. Oh, it's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. It's the Holy Ghost and fire and it's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me alive because it's down in my heart and it's keeping me alive. Oh, it's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. Oh, it's down in my heart and it's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me alive. First verse one more time. Oh, it's the Holy Ghost and fire and it's keeping me alive. It's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. It's the Holy Ghost and power and it's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me alive. Amen. We're going to stay in the key of F. I want God's way to be my way. 131 as we close this morning. Amen. Remember, brother Paul, those that aren't here. Amen. Pray for one another. These are perilous times, remember. Amen. We want God to just keep a hedge of protection about us. keep our mind, our thoughts on him, our ways on him. Amen. Protect our young people, fill them with the Holy Ghost. Amen. Bring lost souls to the kingdom. Amen. Let's keep each other in prayer. Remember the service on Wednesday and also those that'll be traveling in and out as well. Amen. Let's sing this. And brother Vich, I'm going to have you close in prayer if you would as we sing this. I want God's way to be my way as I journey here below. For there is no other highway that a child of God should go. Though the road be steep and rough. If he leads me, it's enough. I want God's way to be my way every day. And I want God's way to be my way as I journey here below. For there is no other highway that a child of God should go. Though the road be steep and rough, if he leads me, it's enough. I want God's way to be my way every day. [Music] Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus, for your word today, Lord. Help us reflect on it, Lord Jesus. Purge us, Lord, of any worldly things that are left in us, Lord Jesus. Prepare us for the rapture, Lord. Help us Lord to seek your will daily. Lord create a burden on our heart Lord Jesus to seek your word every day. Lord forgive us Lord where we have fallen short. Lord it's your grace that covers us Lord Jesus. We thank you Lord. You didn't get tired on the way to Calvary. Lord you kept walking. Lord help us Lord Jesus to look at that price Lord Jesus that you were looking at Lord. Lord Jesus, help us rise above our weaknesses. Lord, help us look at you. Lord, we pray to you, Lord Jesus, for those who are sick. Lord, meet them in their need. Lord, strengthen them, Lord Jesus. You know their struggles. Lord, you know their needs. Lord, you know their desire. Lord, help each and everyone according to their need. Lord, we pray to you, Lord Jesus. Bless brother Paul richly, Lord. Fill him with your strength, Lord. Fill him with your presence, Lord Jesus. Cover him, Lord Jesus. We need him here, Lord. We need him, Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; We pray to you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; We pray to you, Lord, for sister Kim to our Lord Jesus. She has her needs to love. [Music] Help us Lord Jesus to keep them in mind. Lord, we pray to you Lord for the services that are to come. Lord Jesus, restore us in one accord. Lord, &gt;&gt; yes. &gt;&gt; Soften our hearts, Lord. where we have become Lord. [Music] &gt;&gt; Soften us Lord where we have become hard towards each other. Lord your Holy Spirit can't have a move amongst us Lord if we can't come in one accord. Lord bring us Lord in that upper room Lord. Fill us with your power, Lord, with your love, Lord. Let your Holy Spirit be amongst us and with us, Lord. It's only your spirit, Lord, that's going to take us in the rapture, Lord. Fill us, Lord, with your presence. We pray to you for sister Lorie Snow, Lord. It's such a hard trial that she has come through. Lord, pray to you for brother Dave. Lord, he's a faithful servant. Lord, you know his many trials, Lord. Help us oh Lord Jesus as we go from here Lord that we go with a greater burden on our hearts Lord to seek you Lord to fill us with fill us with your spirit Lord we pray to you Lord Jesus help us Lord seek you Lord be diligent Lord forgive our disobedience Lord Jesus and fill us with your obedience Lord we thank you for your obedience Lord on your walk to Calvary Lord Lord, with you were being mocked, Lord, and you kept walking, Lord. You stayed faithful, Lord Jesus. Help us to walk with that faithfulness, Lord. You are in us, Lord Jesus. And we trust, Lord, you will keep us walking, too, Lord. We love you, Lord. We welcome you. We praise you, Lord Jesus, in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
