################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-08 - 20250608 - The Token Life Pt 58  - Absolute Power Pt 1 - Bro. Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-08
Title:    20250608 - The Token Life Pt 58  - Absolute Power Pt 1 - Bro. Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 41m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=57Egq_aN5D0
========================================

Description:
Scriptures & Quotes: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1-tzGVlzwOur3d7FWKLpWs2aEWC-lOO5U/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Hey. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I will serve thee. Amen. Let's stand. Because I love Amen. You have given life. to me. Yes. Amen. Thank you, Lord. I was nothing until you found me. You have given life. Yes. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh my days broken pieces. Yes Lord. Amen. Ru. Praise the Lord. Calary your Amen is what I love. Amen. living life to me. I will serve thee and I will serve thee. Yes. Praise the Lord. Because I love thee and life to me. Yes, he is. I was found. Hallelujah. Amen. My face broken through the life of us. You died on Calary. Amen. is what I long for. You have to change my heart, oh God. 7:55. Praise the Lord. Make it ever true. Amen. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Yes, Lord. Change my heart. Oh God, may I be like you. Yes. Amen. You are the potter. I am the praise. Holy [Music] and this is what I pray. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you and change my heart, oh God. Hallelujah. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. Hallelujah. May I be like you. Yes. Amen. Hallelujah. You are the potter. I am the flame. Amen. Mold me and make me. This is what I change my heart, oh God. Hallelujah. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. Hallelujah. May I be like you. Amen. And that should be the desire of our hearts, isn't it? Just to we want to be just like him. Praise the Lord. That's why we've come here today to make me a little more make us all a little more like him. Bless the Lord. Welcome everybody to the house of the Lord. We got a lot of visitors this morning. Our family back there. God bless you, brother and the family. It's great to have you. And um also brother over here, God bless you. And of course, brother Nathan and sister Velissa and the family. We're filling up the church and figure out the capacity if this keeps up. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Good to have everybody here today. Trust you didn't come to see me or anybody else but to see the Lord Jesus Christ. 5:23 in his time. I ask brother Matthew to open in prayer this morning and to remember to pray for brother John as he brings the word of the Lord today and u also remember the requests we've had for sister Laura Snow brother Doug sister Beverly as well and the saints around the island God's grace to each one and brother Nelson Guy and Sister Cordella of course we just continue to pray for all those that have a need both spoken and unspoken may God just touch the heart today in a special way. Amen. He's more than able because we believe he's here for sure. Let's just sing that brother opening prayer. In his time. Amen. In his time. Hallelujah. He makes all things beautiful in his time. Praise the Lord. Lord, please show me everything as you're teaching me your way. That you do just what you say in your time. Hallelujah. Oh, bless the Lord. Hallelujah. In your time. You make all things beautiful in your time. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Lord my life to you I bring may I have yes amen to be to you a lovely thing in your time in his time in his [Music] In his time he makes all things beautiful. Amen. Hallelujah. Lord, please show me every day. Yes, Lord, as you're teaching me your way that you do just what you say in your Amen. in your time. Hallelujah. Oh, in your time. In your time. Hallelujah. You make all things beautiful in your time. Lord, what I do to I pray, make sure I have to sing be to you a lovely thing in your town. Our dear gracious heavenly father, Lord, we come humbly before you at the start of another service. Lord, asking that you would come by here this day, Father. Lord, we each come with an expectation to hear from you this morning, Lord. And I pray, Lord, that you would just answer our heart's cry, Father. Lord, as we praise your name and and give you thanks for all that you've done, Lord. Lord, may it just be a sweet sacrifice to you, Lord, praying, Lord, that you'd especially be with the needs, Father. Lord, you know all them. You know the ones that aren't even mentioned here, Father. Lord, I pray that you just minister to those needs, Lord, through the through the going forth of the word. Grace, Lord, to Brother David. Father, not feeling well. Sister Laura Snoke, may you just continue to bring her on the road to recovery, Lord. Brother Doug, Sister Beverly, Brother Nelson, Sister Cordella. Lord, I know there's more needs here, Father. Lord, I pray your gracious especially, Brother Jonathan, Lord, as he comes to minister. Lord, may you just be able to use him as a willing vessel, Father, and just speak to us each day. Lord, we love you so much and we we want to express our love, Father, as we continue to worship you, Father. May you just be with be with us now, Lord. The musicians as well, Lord, the song leader, each one of us have a part to play, Father. And Lord, may you may you just bless the service, Lord. In Jesus Christ's name I pray. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. You can be seated. Amen. Number 534. It's looking for that blessed hope. Oh, shout aloud the tidings. Repeat the joyful strain that all awaiting nations this message here again. Oh sh the tidings repeat the joyful stray. that all the waiting nations this message there again. Amen. Who once foroon all the earth shall reign. Amen. Looking for that blessed home. Amen. Looking for that blessed home. We know the hour is nearing. The hour is appearing. We're looking for that [Music] blessing. Signs in the heaven above us in sun and moon and sky. Proclaim to all the faithful redemption drawn. The hearts of men are breaking and failing them for Jesus coming on again. Looking for that blessed home. Amen. Looking for that blessed home. We know the hour is nearing. The hour is appearing. We're looking for that blessing. Hallelujah. We watch for his returning when last will trend and bright to the careless as he strength through at night. Amen. And faithful may we hear the word. Share the joy of Christ the Lord. Looking for that blessing. Amen. Looking for that blessed home. Praise the Lord. We know the hour is nearing. The hour of is appearing. We're looking for that blessing. Signs in the heaven above us in sun and moon and sky. Proclaim to all the faithful redemption draw. The hearts of men are quaking and failing them for fear. Jesus coming near looking for that blessed hope. Yes. Praise the Lord. Looking for the present home. We know the hour is nearing. The hour is appearing. We're looking for that passive sword. We watch Lord is returning with left will trim and bright. He cometh to the careless as these break through at night. Well done, thou good and faithful. Oh, may we hear the word. Share the joy of Christ our Lord. Looking for that blessed home. Amen. Looking for that blessed home. We know the hour is nearing. The ark is appearing. We're looking for that blessed home. Amen. Praise the Lord. 216. Of course, I am marked. Marked. Marked. I'm marked now. Wherever I go. Amen. I am marked. Marked. Mark. I marked down wherever I go. I am marked marked. Amen. Just what I am. Everyone seems to know I am sealed. Seal. Seal. I am sealed by his spirit divine. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Amen. I am his and I know he is mine. Yes. Amen. I am Mark. Mar. Yes. Hallelujah. I am thou wherever I go. I am marked. Mark to mark just what I am. Everyone seems to know I am sealed. Seal seal. I am sealed by his spirit divine. All glory to God. Hallelujah. Amen. I am his and I know he is. Let's sing it again. I am marked. Mar. Yes. Hallelujah. I marked now wherever I go. Amen. I am marked. Mark. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Just what I am. Everyone seems to know I am sealed. Seal seal. Praise the Lord. I'm sealed now. His spirit divine. All glory to God. Hallelujah. Amen. I am his and I know he is mine. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's sing 11:38. The name of the Lord is a strong and mighty tower. The name of the Lord is strong and mighty to power. The name of the Lord, it's a refuge for my soul. The name of the Lord is a pillar I can lean on. A righteous run to the name of the Lord. The righteous run. Amen. The Lord. The name of the Lord is strong and might power. The name of the Lord, it's a refuge for my soul. The name of the Lord is a pill of the righteous right into the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. into the name of the Lord. Let's sing it again. For the name of the Lord is strong and mighty power. The name of the Lord is a refuge for The name of the Lord the rightous run. Amen. Name of the Lord. His strength is perfect. When our strength is gone, yes, he'll carry us where we cannot carry on. Hallelujah. Raised in his power, the weak become strong. Amen. His strength is perfect. Hallelujah. His strength is perfect. Thank you, Lord. His strength is worth when our strength is gone. He'll carry us where we cannot carry on. raised in his power. The weak become strong. Hallelujah. His strength is perfect. His strength is perfect. I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. I worship you. Oh prince of Yes. Amen. That is what I long to do. I give you praise for you are my rightousness. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. I worship you a mighty God. There is none like you. I worship. Hallelujah. Alm mighty God. There is none like you. I worship you, oh prince of peace. That is what I long to do. I give you praise for you are my rightousness. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Oh, I worship you almighty God. Hallelujah. There is none like you. Let's sing it again. I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. I worship. Hallelujah. Oh friends of peace. That is what I long to do. I give praise for you are my rightousness. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. I worship you. Hallelujah. Oh, bless the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Sing it again with all of our hearts. I worship you. I worship you, Almighty God. There is none. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. I worship you. Hallelujah. That is what I long to do. I give you praise for you are my rightousness. I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. We got two specials this morning. Praise the Lord. We do have two specials. So, we're going to ask Sister Selena to come first and see. Yeah, you can come now. And Excuse me. And then Sister Priscilla will sing and Sister Moren after that. [Music] I'm not demanding a sign or a work of your hand. [Music] I have all I need to believe. Whether I'm in the waiting for the promise to land, I have all I need to believe. Christ is enough for me. Oh, Christ is enough for me. Oh, whether you give or whether you take, my song will be the same. Christ is enough for me. There is power in my weakness. I don't want to strive. I have all I need to believe. Cuz your grace is sufficient and it never runs dry. Oh, I have all I need to believe. Christ is enough for me. Christ is enough for me. Oh, whether you give or whether you take, my song will be the same. Christ is enough for me. Christ before me. Christ behind me. Christ beside me. You're in the air. I breathe. You surround me. You are with me. You are for me. Your presence is all I need. Christ before me. Oh Christ behind me. Christ within me. You're in the air. I breathe. You surround me. You are with me. You are for me. Your presence is all I need. Christ is enough for me. Christ is enough for me. Oh, whether you give or whether you take, my song will be the same, my God is enough for me. Oh, whether you give or whether you take, my song will be the same. Christ is enough for me. You are enough for me. more than enough for me. [Music] I just want to um give a thank you to our pastor and um everything he's been preaching about lately. Okay, now very good for me. You've your fear and all your selflo. You've owned the voices inside of your head. You've owned the shame and reproach of your failure. It's time to own your belovedness. You've owned your past and how it's defined you. You've owned everythingbody else. It's time to hear what your father has spoken. It's time to own your belovedness. He says you're mine. I smiled when I made you. I find you beautiful in every way. My love for you is fierce and unending. I'll come to find you. Whatever it takes, my beloved. You've own the mess you see in the mirror. You've owned the lies that you're just not enough. You've been so blinded by all you're comparing. It's time to own your belovedness. He says you're mine. I smiled when I made you. I find you beautiful in every way. My love for you is fierce and unending. I'll come to find you. Whatever it takes. My beloved, you've owned the mess you see in the mirror. You've owned the lies that you're just not enough. You've been so blinded by all your comparing. It's time to own your beloved. He says you're mine. I smiled when I made you. I find you beautiful in every way. My love for you is fierce and unending. I'll come to find you. Whatever it takes, my beloved [Music] You are completely loved and fully [Music] known. Beloved, believe he died to make your heart his [Music] home. He says you're mine. I smiled when I made you. I find you beautiful in every way. My love for you is fierce and unending. I'll come to find you. Whatever it takes. He says you're mine. I smiled when I made you. I find you beautiful in every way. My love for you is fierce and unending. I'll come to find you. Whatever it takes, my beloved. It's time to own your beloved. Amen. Thanks for the specials. They were really good. Really enjoyed them. Amen. We're going to stand. Good. And um we're going to sing number 560. That is surely the presence of the Lord is in this place as brother John comes. So be in prayer for him and uh let's make sure that uh we feel the presence of the Lord today. Believe he's here. Amen. Let's just sing this as he comes. Surely the presence of the Lord is in this place. I can feel his mighty power and his grace. I can hear the best of angels wings. I see glory on each face. Surely amen. The presence of the Lord is in this place. Oh, surely is in this place. I can feel his mighty power and his grace. And I can hear the rush of angels wings. I sing gloryy on each face. For surely the presence of the Lord is in this place. Heavenly Father, Lord, what we can feel, what we can't feel, Lord, what we can sense, what we can't sense. Lord, what matters is that you said by your word, where two or three are gathered in my name, there will I be in the midst. And so, Lord, we're here by faith this morning, trusting that as we've come in your name, Lord, not in the name of a church or a pastor or a ministry, Lord, but we've gathered in your name. We are Christians. We are gathered in the name of Jesus Christ this morning, Lord, under the headship of your word by your spirit, Lord. And we know that you're here with us. And so, Lord, we ask once again that you would speak, Lord, that you would take your word, that it you would open it up to us, heavenly father, that it would go into our lives. it would discern our thoughts and our intentions, Lord. That it would see our our broken places, that it would see our our wounded places, Lord. That it would see our hidden places, Lord. That it would open them up, Lord, so your word can flow in and do a wonderful work in our lives, Lord. We pray, Lord. We thank you for your goodness, Lord. Thank you for your people, Lord. Thank you for your fellowship. Lord, thank you for your promises this morning. Lord, we're here to lay hold of them once again. Lord, speak now. Bless your people, we pray. In Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Turn if you would to Luke 24. Amen. Luke 24. Amen. We've got a lot of greetings to give this morning. Amen. And we've got brother Filimon Montteros and his wife and three children visiting us this morning. Amen. They've moved here all the way from Qatar. And so we're so happy to see you here this morning. God bless you each one. I'll be sure to shake your hand, talk to you after service, Lord willing. Then we also have uh we call him Big John. Big John Neils from BC. He's a friend of Jonathan's. He's just staying with us until uh tonight, early tomorrow morning. Uh I'm not sure why they call him Big. He's only head and shoulders above us all, but it's been wonderful to have him with us. We welcome him. And then we've got my brother Nate and actually his wife Melissa this time instead of his daughter. Sorry about that last service. I saw from the back and he had his arm around her and I just assumed it was Melissa. And then when I came here, all I could see was half ahead. So again, that was my assumption, but it is Melissa here today with him and their their four children. So happy to have them here. And then pray God would bless them. And then Brother Gerald had his 77th birthday on Friday if I'm not mistaken. So we want to say happy birthday. God bless you. Amen. 77. Double double perfection, double completion. Amen, brother Gerald. So we we pray God bless you. Uh remember brother Grant, he will take the service on Wednesday. I asked him if he'd be available to take that to give me a break as Nate, Melissa, and the family are staying with us. It allowed me to not have to study every night. And so, he's graciously agreed to do that. So, remember him. And then on a bit of a sad note, my grandmother Dorothy passed away this morning. So, my mom's mother. So, that's the last grandparent on my side. Um, I think she was 94. Um, but she passed away this morning. They kind of had an idea. They put her into paliotative care. Um, they they didn't they just said, "Don't don't do any tests. just she's ready to go. We're ready to let her go. So, she passed away just uh 6 or eight hours after that. So, we want to remember mom and Judy. Mom was there for it. Uh not there for it, but they notified her. Of course, she's been staying with Judy, so she's there to help out. So, it kind of worked out beautifully. They had a birthday party for her, uh latest granddaughter, um great granddaughter, I guess. No, granddaughter, uh Dakota. And so, she was there with that. and and so she had a time kind of last time with the family, a bunch of her her her kids and and and grandchildren there as well. So we thank the Lord for that. Amen. She'd really been struggling in life. She was pretty much blind, deaf, you know, not much of a quality of life and that was frustrating for her for sure. So we want to but we want to remember the family as they just go through this time as well. Amen. God bless you. Luke 24 and verse 49, Jesus speaking. He's just about to ascend into heaven. And it says, "And behold, I send the promise of my father upon you, but ter ye in the city of Jerusalem until you be endued with power from on high." Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats this morning. And we're we're starting a new thought. We've been preaching this series on the token life, the life of a believer that is filled with the Holy Spirit. And we're getting to the end of it. I think you know I was telling somebody I said I think you could preach on the Holy Ghost the rest of your life because that is the the life of the believer and everything revolves around the the the spirit of God the life of God within us. Amen. But I believe we're coming to the end of this series here shortly. But I want to take the the last portion certainly on this thought of absolute power. And I will say this even before we go into this sometimes we where we are what we think is the deepest valley is often the apex of where we need to get. Sometimes you don't realize that you need to get low in order for God to raise you up. And we'll see that as we go through this service. Amen. Is that absolute power is not what we think about when we think about the power that they received on the day of Pentecost. What that power was. I will say this, the world doesn't preach it right. The churches don't tend to preach it right. Amen. It takes a revelation of the word and a real understanding of what God has even done in this age to show us what real power looks like. Amen. We preached about perfect love. Remember when Paul, he would talk about and Peter even would talk about these things and they'd say, you know, where where tongues are, they'll cease. And where prophecies are, they'll cease. And all these different things will cease, but love won't cease. All those things will fail, but there's one thing that won't fail. Amen. And it's it's the love of God, which is his Holy Spirit inside of us. And so, I want to go back to our opening scripture this morning. And Jesus makes a very critical statement here. He says, "Behold, I send the promise of my father upon you." Now, he's told them to go and preach. He's told them to go and spread the gospel. He's told them to go out and heal the sick and cast out demons. All these different things. But he says, "Before you do that," he says, "but tarry ye in the city of Jerusalem until you be endued with power from on high." They had this commission to go. They'd experienced great things in their ministry so far. But they had only been able to go to a certain point and then they fell apart and then they failed, if we could put it that way. And Jesus said, "You got to go and give more power than you've ever had before in order for you to do what I've told you the way I want you to do it." Amen. It isn't this this loose cannon approach. It's not a shotgun approach where you just go out and you just apply the power of God anywhere you want. There's a way to do it and you're going to need power in order to do it the way that I've ordained for you to do it by the word of God. Amen. They needed a certain type of power. We look in the book of acts the first chapter gives us a little more clarity on what Jesus said. It says to whom also he showed himself alive after his passion by many infallible proofs being seen of them 40 days and speaking of the things pertaining to the kingdom of God. Christ arose and he spends his 40 days with the disciples and he's just filling them full of understanding of what's going to happen. All that has happened all that's going to happen. He said, "And being assembled together with them, commanded them that they should not depart from Jerusalem, but wait for the promise of the Father." He says, "Which saith he ye have heard of me? For John truly baptized with water, but ye shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost, not many days hence." He says, "And when they were therefore come together, they asked of him, saying, Lord, what wilt thou at this time restore again the kingdom to Israel?" And he said unto them, "It's not for you to know the times or the seasons which the father have put in his own power." He says, "But you shall receive power." Now said, "We want to know everything that's going to happen, when it's going to happen, how it's going to happen." He says, "No." See, it's still a walk of faith, church. No matter what we get, no matter how much we understand, there's still an element of mystery. And that's where faith comes in. I liked how sister Selena is saying this morning that what he takes and what he gives away, Christ is enough for me. We've got to understand that what he's given us is sufficient for the day. Tomorrow he'll give us what we need for tomorrow, but today he gives us exactly what we need for today. He says, "No, I'm not going to tell you what's going to go in every time and every season. It's not for you to know." He says, "But what I will do is I will give you power. You shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost has come upon you." Amen. So the power is the Holy Ghost, but that is a power to do and have something. He says, "And you shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem and in all Judea and in Samaria and unto the uttermost parts of the earth." Amen. So we see here that the power that was needed now was the indwelling, the indwelling of the Holy Spirit in their life. Amen. And that is the only power that would work. There is no other power that will work. church. What mama has, what daddy has, what mama says, what daddy says, what the preacher says. It's not enough for them to say it, but you've got to get something that belongs to you. And it's a power that drops down into your life that will do the work that God's wanting us to do. Amen. These men, they have had a commission. They've had wonderful experiences. They've had signs and wonders. They've had healings. They've cast out demons. Peter's walked on water. And he says, "That ain't enough. That's not enough." So church, don't go looking for that to anchor your soul this morning. You need a power in your life that's different, that's beyond all of those things. Amen. And so when we look at the disciples, we see that for all the power that they had, it was imperfect. It was incomplete. Amen. They had a lot of power, but that power was incomplete because they could only go so far with it. And I've spoken on this in in portions at times before, but I want to kind of bring it into one single service, one thought this morning so that we can go through this because we can know a lot. We can think we can have a lot. But church, if it doesn't do anything in us and through us, then what do we really have? It's just up here. It's just up here, church. I don't care how much you have here. I want to see what comes out of here. God, help us to have something that flows out of our life rather than comes and just stands up here. So we can tell people how wrong they are. Cuz that's usually what happens when it's head knowledge is I go around telling you what's wrong with you. We need a power that comes and starts dealing with me, not just me dealing with you. That's the power that we're talking about. Amen. We need the power that the disciples had, but we need what they had after the day of Pentecost, not before. Otherwise, we see that chaos and desire takes over and it breaks down the church and it breaks down the people. So we go to Luke 9 and we're going to spend our service mostly here this morning. It says, "When he when Jesus called his disciples together, he gave them power and authority over all devils and to cure diseases. And he sent them to preach the kingdom of God and to heal the sick. And they departed and went through the towns preaching the gospel and healing everywhere." We hear see here now they're given power and they're given authority. But their power and authority is limited to two things. They're given power over uh uh over all devils and to cure diseases. So it is a power that is externally facing. It is not a power to change them. It's a power to change others. It's a power to work in life situations. It's a power to make life easy, but it is not a changing power. It is a helping power if we could put it that way. Amen. So if we had that today, I'm not saying we don't, but people today would think, well, if I can cast out every demon and heal every disease, then I am surely a child of God. I have reached the the the pinnacle of Christian power. If we could do it, they have this in Luke 9. And Jesus comes to them in Luke 24 and says, "You've got to wait to receive power." So this is not the power they received at Pentecost. They already had this power by faith in Jesus' name. They had it. And we'll see that it was not only limited to them, church. We'll see others took that same faith and did the similar works to it. Amen. But we see that we look in this chapter in Luke 9. But if this is for the 12, remember, but we jump forward to Luke chapter 10 and now it's he Jesus goes and he commisss the 70 other disciples. Now remember, he chose the 12, but the 70 chose him. He did not choose them, they chose him. That's a huge distinction. Okay, it says and so he commissioned them and he c he told them, "Go out two by two, preach the gospel, heal the sick." And he gave them the power. And it says, "And the 70 returned again with joy, saying, Lord, even the devils are subject unto us through thy name." And he said unto them, I beheld Satan as lightning fall from heaven. He says, "Behold, I give unto you power to tread on serpents and scorpions and over all the power of the enemy, and nothing shall by any means hurt you." He says, "You're going to be in a battle." You are in a battle, "But nothing shall touch you because I've given you power." But he says, "Notwithstanding in this, rejoice not." He says, "Don't let your joy rest in what you're doing or what's happening through you this way." He says, "But rather rejoice because your names are written in heaven." See, Jesus, he he's got to we've got to have this discernment, church, that we look beyond the now, and we've got to see what's coming down the road by the word. We've got to judge everything by the word. And he says, listen, you got this power. It's great. It is of God. I have given it to you. But he says, don't let your joy rest in that. Let your joy rest in the fact that before you did this, before you received this, your names were written in the Lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. Because that is what matters beyond all of this. This is temporary. The people you healed, they're still going to get sick. The people you raised from the dead, they're going to die again. The demons you cast out, if those people don't guard, they're going to come back in. But there's something that will hold you eternally and it's that your names were written in the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. Rejoice there because nothing changes with that. You can't lose that. That's what ought to hold you. Amen. Why did he say that church? Because some of these very men a few chapters later as Jesus starts to reveal the word as he sp starts to show the gospel that's coming as he starts to open up the new covenant they would say our church doesn't teach this. We can't understand it. That's too weird. And they would walk away. They had all of this power and they would walk away from the very word made flesh. Why? Because their names were not written in heaven. They could only go so far and then they walked away. Their power was incomplete. Great signs and wonders are wonderful. We love it. We are so thankful for the testimonies we have here of people that have been saved, people that have been healed, people that have been delivered, people that have been provided for. We've seen it all through this church. God is alive and well. We've seen the power of the Holy Ghost to do those things in our lives. But that will never anchor us. That is just the blessings, the benefits of being in the presence of God. And we talked last service about how Israel was in that presence, the pillar of fire, the pillar of cloud, mana every day, clothes that didn't wear out. Everything they had needed was provided and it still never held them. And only Joshua and Caleb of that original group went in. It's not going to hold you. You need a power greater than the signs and the wonders. Jesus did all those signs and wonders. You go into the scripture and you see where Jesus went somewhere and it says he healed them. Everyone. And yet on the day of Pentecost, how many people are still with him? 120. Thousands upon thousands fed from bread that was multiplied supernaturally. Didn't hold them. Didn't hold them. There's a power that's beyond this. Amen. What was the power on these 70? What was the power on the 12? It was the Holy Spirit. Of course, it was. It had to be. It's the power of God. But we notice that it is a power that is on them, not a power that is in them. It is anointing that is on them. It is temporary. It is limited. It can be here one day and gone the next. It has nothing to do with their eternal soul. But it's just something that's on the vessel. Amen. But it was limited. It was limited by their faith. It was limited by their revelation. It was limited by their understanding. It was limited by circumstances. Why? Because there was a work that had to be done on the inside before that power could be made perfect. before they could come to a position of absolute power. We see even in the so Jesus has said in Luke 9, Luke 10, listen, you can cast out all devils. And then we see a man comes in Luke 9 after Jesus has said, I've given you power over all devils and all diseases. And a man comes and he says to Jesus, he says, I brought my son to your disciples and they couldn't heal him. And Jesus said, "Bring him here to me." Asked a few questions. Cast the demon out immediately. The disciples were confused. They said, "Why couldn't we cast them out?" Matthew 17. And Jesus said unto them, "Because of your unbelief, church, was there a limit on the power?" No limit on the power. Limit in the vessel. He says, "Because you couldn't believe. You said the words, but you didn't really believe that what you said was going to happen, and therefore it didn't come out." Why? Satan knows doubt when he sees it. He says, "For verily I say unto you, if you have faith as a grain of mustard seed, you shall say unto this mountain, remove hence to yonder place, and it shall remove, and nothing shall be impossible unto you." He says, "You've got power, but you don't have faith to operate the own power that you have within you." So, that tells me, church, the the limit's not God. The limit's me. The limit's my revelation. The limit is my faith. It's not God that's limiting us this morning. It's this flesh. It's this person that gets in the way. He says, "How be it? This kind goeth not out by prayer and fasting." Amen. Jesus says, and you think, well, well, this they just didn't have time to pray pray and fast. Jesus did not go pray and fast and then come back and cast this demon out, church. Jesus had already prayed and fasted. So when the moment arose, he knew what to do and he did it and the demon left. What was Jesus talking about? When we look at when Jesus prayed and fasted the first time, what did he do? The spirit took him into the desert. It drove him into the desert. It says in one of the gospels, and for 40 days and 40 nights, Jesus fasted. And then after that, he was tempted and he was tried of Satan directly. And after that temptation, what did Jesus know beyond a shadow of a doubt? Who he was? And that every power of Satan had nothing on him. He had defeated Satan. What does it matter about a demon? A demon's lower than Satan. Satan's the prince of the demons. He's the prince of the devils. If you defeated the king, you don't have to worry about anybody else under him. In prayer and fasting, that situation had shown Jesus who he was. He knew who he was. He knew what his purpose was. He knew what the father's will was. And so, he could walk out and do it. And there was no unbelief there. It was perfect faith operating through him. He says, "The problem with you is that you don't know who you are. You haven't spent the time to figure out the father's will for you. And so when things like this pop up, you can't do anything about it. We see in the disciples later on the ninth chapter of Luke, they lacked revelation. They couldn't understand who they were. They couldn't understand even who Jesus was. They couldn't fully place him in the word. And they couldn't put it all together. And so they kept getting themselves into a bind because they couldn't place themselves in the word. Amen. It was a power that was on them, but it was not a power that had changed them yet. And so they kept limiting themselves and they kept getting themselves into trouble. Amen. Imperfect vessels get in the way so many times. It says, "And they were all amazed at the mighty power of God. But while they wondered everyone at the things which Jesus did, he said unto his disciples, "Let these sayings sink down into your ears, for the Son of Man shall be delivered into the hands of men." It says, "But they understood not this saying, and it was hid from them that they perceived it not, and they feared to ask him of that saying." And we see this time and again with the the disciples that they don't understand what he's talking about. Sometimes they ask him, sometimes they don't. Amen. And the scripture says here that it was hid from them and it's reflective of the fact that they're not born again. They're not meant to see it because they can't even handle it. Amen. The revelation that would bring faith was limited at this point. It takes a revelation for faith because revelation is is or faith is what? It's a revelation of the will of God. Faith to be healed is that you know that it is God's will for you to be healed. That's all it is. And when you know that it is his will for you to be healed, it doesn't matter how long it takes. If it's his will to deliver you, if it's his will to bless you in a certain way, if it's his will to keep you alive, nothing can take you. But you need that faith to lay hold of that and say, "It's for me. This is God's will for me." Amen. What the scripture says here, it wasn't their time. And it was hidden from their eyes. God has a time and a season for everything. And I can't preach hard to make it happen. And I can't preach hard to keep it from happening. God's got a season and a time for these things. But I love how God never leaves us wondering. He's Jesus said, "You are I don't call you my servants. I call you my friends." He says, "I show you everything that the father has showed me." But it's in a time and it's in a season. We don't just download everything on somebody. Somebody comes into our church, we don't just download everything that we know and believe on them. We let the Holy Spirit work in their lives because there's a time and a season. God will work in their life. And that's how we end up with real Christians rather than legalists. Because if I force it, then somebody else will force them a different way eventually. But if the Holy Spirit does it, then they're changed forever. But there's a time and a season. God's intention is not to keep us in the dark. His intention is to reveal all things by the spirit of truth. But he's got a time and a season for it. He would say in John 16 to the disciples, this is just before the uh the the the the trial and the crucifixion. He says, "I have yet many things to say unto you, but you cannot bear them." Now, that word bear means carry. You can't take it up. You can't endure it. You can sustain it. You can pick it up for a moment, but you can't keep carrying it. You lack the strength. You lack the power to endure the burden of what I would tell you. Look at Paul when Christ tells him, he says, "I want you to appeal to Caesar." And they said, "Don't do that." People were saying, "Why are you appealing to Caesar? That's almost a death sentence." And God said, "I'm going to take you and you will give your life." How many of us could handle that? If God said, "I want you to go and I want you to you're and you're going to lose your life for doing my will." That takes a power, church, that takes a power in your life to do it. Jesus had so many things that he wanted to tell them, but he says, "You're going to have to wait till you can endure it. And it's going to take a power in your life." He says, "How be it, when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he'll guide you into all truth. For he shall not speak of himself, but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak, and he will show you things to come. So Jesus is pointing them to a time and a season where they can receive all truth. Remember remember what he said. Jesus said that it is the spirit of truth, which means it's the spirit of the word because he said, "Thy word is truth." So this will be a spirit of the word of God. The Holy Spirit always points us back to the word, not to church doctrine, not to church tradition. It takes us back to this because this is the only thing that has power in it. That's why I preach out of a Bible is because this is what is proven. This is the thoughts of God. My commentary is not the thoughts of God. It may or may not be. This is the word of God. This is pure. This is absolute. And when we're talking absolute power, we'll get into this next service. You need to have an absolute. An absolute has everything it needs within itself. It needs nothing added and nothing can be taken away. So when we're talking absolute power, we need to have an absolute and it's the spirit of truth. It's the Holy Spirit. And that's what has quickening power to make us live what this word says. Church tradition won't do it. Mom and dad's tradition won't do it. Pressure from the church people won't do it. It takes a life inside of us. It takes a power inside of us to do that. Amen. Look at the condition of these disciples. They have the power of the Holy Spirit on their lives, healing the sick, raising the dead, casting out demons, and they're ignorant of the word of God. They can't even see themselves in it. They can't see Jesus in it. They can't place themselves where they are. And yet, they have this tremendous power inside of them. Amen. They had all this power, church, but we'll see very shortly, they don't have the character to truly operate it. They don't have the power to operate it. We've heard before many times that power without character is satanic. And we see here that they could do miracles indefinitely. But the longer they were left to their own devices, the more the power started to work in ways that were not of God. Why? Because the power that they needed had not worked on their life yet. It was just flowing through them. But they needed the character of their life to be refined. It hadn't dealt with their soul condition. Their souls were unregenerated. They they had not gone through a new birth. Now listen, these are the most these aside from Christ, these are the most powerful men on the planet at that time. And look at what happens in Luke 9, church. Luke 9 is all happening in the space of a couple weeks. Okay? This is how quickly that power corrupts. It says in Luke 9:46, "And there are roles of reasoning among them which of them should be the greatest." We laugh. But this is what happens with power given to somebody whose character has not been proven and tested. It says, "And Jesus perceiving the thought of their heart, took a child and set him by him and said unto them, whosoever shall receive this child in my name receiveth me, and whosoever shall receive me receiveth him that sent me. For he that is least among you all, the same shall be great." We see this power started going to their head. And we see pride and arrogance now start to arise in their midst. They started they were going to be thinking they were going to be someone great. They started thinking they were going to have this great ministry that as Jesus went on, as he was eventually going to do, hey, I'm going to step in and I'm going to fill Jesus shoes. I'm going to have influence. I'm going to have a church. I'm going to have a following. I'm not going to be a disciple. I'm going to have disciples. This is what happens when power is put in an unsanctified vessel, an unprepared vessel. Amen. Church, we're talking about ignorant men, most of them, that were nothing. And in the space of a few short weeks under the anointing of the Holy Ghost, without a new birth, they were turned into selfserving men. What is it now? Now the power is starting to make them focus on themselves. What can I get out of this power? What's this power going to do for me? How great is my life going to be now that I've got this power? Why? Because when you can heal all diseases and cast out all demons, people start pointing to you and you start to believe what people say about you eventually. It takes the Holy Ghost to point and say, "No, no, no. This isn't me." And we'll see this change once we get after the the the upper room experience where they're quick to deflect. But here, what is it? They're taking all of the credit and they start to think, "Hey, I'm something though." What was it, church? They started blending their commission with ambition. It never never works. The minute self-interest climbs behind this pulpit, I'm toast. And it'll it'll hurt the church. It's got to be about you and not me. In every position we're in, every servant in here, every officer, whatever we're doing, from the musicians to the trustees to the treasurer to the deacons, the ministry, whatever it might be, the minute it becomes about me and not you, there's a fall coming. It has to and we'll see that happens. Listen to this. He says the disciples even walking with Jesus, they didn't have any oneness. They didn't have any unity. No, they argued who's going to be the bishop after this? Who's the greatest among us? They couldn't even believe Jesus. They couldn't understand him. Thou speakest in riddles. Tell us plainly what you mean. There was no unity between Jesus and the disciples or the disciples to Jesus and the disciples amongst one another. The disciples who walked hand in hand with Jesus, slept with him, ate with him, watched his miracles, and associated with him, close as any brother could be. And yet, they didn't have it. He says they weren't fit to preach the gospel. He says Jesus said, "Don't you preach anymore. Don't you even try." He says, "You wait up there at the city of Jerusalem. I'm going to send the promise that's been given you upon you, and that will unify you there. I love in that that that TV series, The Chosen, you know, on the life of Jesus, where where they they they they kind of show this this in in a particular way and the disciples are all sitting around a campfire, if I remember correctly, and it's in the evening. They're all sitting around a campfire arguing who's going to be the best while doing absolutely nothing. They're sitting around taking their leisure, nice easy evening around the campfire talking about who's going to be the greatest in the kingdom. And in the middle of their conversation, Jesus stumbles out of the darkness. He's haggarded. He's worn. He can barely stand up. He's got blood on him from dealing with sick people. And he staggers through the camp through the through the camp and falls into his tent. And you know what it does? It shuts them up because he's out there serving and they're sitting there talking about how awesome I am doing absolutely nothing for the kingdom of God. And it shut them up. I thought it was a wonderful I know not necessarily scriptural, but I thought it was a great example that so often our arrogance is when we're doing nothing. And it's the ones that are serving that really are showing the power that's supposed to be exhibited in these things. Amen. I've said this many times. If the spirit of God is in this church, and by that I mean in the people, then anyone with the spirit of God ought to be able to come in here and get along with us. Because the Holy Spirit is a unifying power for the body of Christ. He says in 1 Corinthians 12, "By one spirit, you're baptized into one body." The very baptism of the Holy Ghost joins you with the body of Christ. And if you've got the spirit of God and I've got the spirit of God, we have to be able to get along together. Cuz I'll tell you one thing, we're going to spend eternity together. If we don't get along here, church, we're not going to get along there. But it's going to take a humbling to do that. Cuz we've all got rough spots. We've all got rough spots. Amen. Three of us raised our hands. Four, five, six. There we go. But I'm raising my hand. We've all got rough spots. We've all got things that need to be rubbed off. And sometimes what happens is your rough spot hits my rough spot and we both get a real enjoyable time of being humbled. That's the way it works because we've all got them. That's what this work is here for in this life. This walk through time is to get the rough spots off so that we can reflect the image of Christ more perfectly. Amen. The overarching impact of the Holy Spirit is always unity. But what drives us apart? What drives us apart is when I think I'm better than you. Now, it's mostly you thinking you're better than me if we're honest. But it is it's when I think in some way I'm better than you. That's what drives us apart. You're not as valuable. You're not as gifted. Or Brother Grant, you're more gifted. Right? Jealousy will drive us apart just as much as as arrogance. Amen. It doesn't work that way. The Holy Spirit places us into the body and we're content and satisfied with our portion and our place because it's his choosing. It's his placing, not mine. I've said it many times before. Never wanted to be a preacher. Never thought I was going to preacher. Definitely didn't want to be a pastor. And here we are. Here we are. It is what it is. It's up to God. Amen. The Holy Spirit always brings humility. Jesus said, "Whoever wants to be the greatest, let him be the servant of all." Paul said it this way. He says, "Let each esteem the other greater than himself." That's a pretty good thing to write on your fridge. Don't write on your fridge. Write on paper and put it on your fridge. Let me think the other. Think truly think. Not not a put on. But you can only do that when you see the value of the person you're looking at. Amen. That's why I love having a small church in a way is because I get to know each of you and I get to see your true value. We have 300 here. Guess what? I don't get to know everybody. I don't get to see everybody. But in a small church, we need every single person here. And each one of us adds something. And if you're not here, we lose something because it's a body that God has put together with all of the things that we have need of together. Amen. But the Holy Spirit always brings humility, not pride and not arrogance. Amen. And I found consistently that people that crave recognition or influence or authority are inherently immature in their Christian walk or they have never had a new birth. That's my experience. Take it or leave it. We can see time and time again in the scriptures, God uses people that think they're nothing, absolute nobodyies. And the ones that thought they were somebody, he takes them out on the desert and he beats the living daylights out of them until they say, "I can't even do it." And he says, "Okay, now you're ready to do it." Whether he did it with Moses, the meakest man, the the the prophet that Jesus was compared to, or Saul that he turned into Paul, takes them and he gets them to a place where they say, "I counted everything I had, but don't. It's poop compared to what I have now." That's where God's got to get us. But I'm in the the minute we start looking to benefit ourselves by the goodness of God in our life, the Holy Spirit takes a run. He has to look at look at Balum. Balam was a true prophet with a true gift. And the minute he sought God and went against God's requirement, what happened? The gift was still there, but he was a false anointed vessel. And he led himself to destruction. He led himself to destruction. And the Israelites ended up killing him. Why? Because he wanted to benefit himself with the gift that he he was given. Look at Gahesy, the serpent of Elisha. Remember non comes all the way from Syria. Elisha doesn't even see him. He just tells the Gahhesi what to tell him. Gay goes out and says, "Go and wash in the river Jordan seven times and you'll be clean." Non goes and does it. Comes back and says, "Hey, I I want to thank you. I've got all this money. I've got all this clothing. Let me give it to you." And Elisha says, "No, this is not for me. This is this is to give out. This is a gift to you. I won't take anything for that which I've had nothing to do with. It's God that did it. And so non runs away. Well, Gahes sitting there and he says, "Now I can get something out of this." And he runs after Non. And he says, "Oh, just after you left, somebody showed up." And so we need a garment to give him. We need we need to give him a gift. And Non says, "Well, take two and take this and that." And and then what did Geazy do? He took it and he hid it. Come into the house. And Elisha says, "Gazy, where you been?" Oh, it was just out of you know Gahesy says because you did it for you took glory to yourself. He says the disease that was on him is now on you. And Gahesy was a leper from the for the rest of his life. Why? He tried to inject his ambition into his commission. Gahesy saw wonderful miracles. He was a part of many wonderful deliverances. He saw prophecy happen. He saw visions happen. All of these wonderful things. But the minute he injected himself into it, it led him down a path of destruction. He died a leper. We've heard that quote many times that character is not a gift. It's a victory. What is character? A victory over self. Victory over self-will. Victory over self-love. Right, brother Joe? He sent me a text the other day that I wish I had my phone here. And he says, "Isn't this just the truth?" And it was about self- loveve. And of course, it was very tongue and cheek, but the world preaches self-love. Jesus said, "If you won't lose your life, it'll be taken from you anyways. You got to give it up." Amen. Self-will, self-preservation, self-interest, self- fulfillment. All these things, this is what character is a victory over. How do you know when somebody's got character? Is when they're put in a situation where they can benefit themselves and they choose to benefit everybody else. They do what's right in God's eyes rather than what's right for them. That's how you know you have character. And when they do it over and over and over again, that's when you know they're ready for leadership. That's when you know they're ready for authority. That's when you're, you know, they're ready for influence. And I find with those things, you don't have to give it to them. They get it because they have character. It's because they've proven themselves that they get those things in the first place. They don't have to ask for it. It's just given to them. Why? Because they take themselves out of the picture and they do what's best for everybody else. They do the right thing no matter what. No matter how hard it is, how big the impact is financially, health, hey, we've got this facade sometimes of perfect Christianity. Sometimes a good apology is what we need to humble us. Say, "Hey, I was wrong. I was wrong and I want to make it right." We need to be quick, quick to repent, quick to acknowledge our our faults. Because that's what the Holy Spirit's there to do because he's trying to develop character in our lives. The more we can take ourselves out of the picture, the more we can do what's right in the eyes of God, the more character we have. And the more you point to him, the more character that you have as well. Amen. When things go well for us in leadership, in in work, in our finances, career, whatever it is, we've got to be able to glorify God. We've got to be able to point to him. And we see here what happened to the disciples was they started taking credit to themselves. Amen. Paul said that our lives ought to be to the praise of his glory, not our own. Not our own. We'll see after the day of Pentecost. They give it where it's due, but they don't do it before that. You know, I was talking about, you know, we talk about uh being protective and and jealous. And we can get that way when somebody comes in that does something better than we do. This can be a real issue for ministry because you have a man that's behind the pulpit and somebody comes in that has a different gift, a better gift even by estimation of many people. And what happens? They get protective. They protect the pulpit. They put them away. They start talking about them. Oh, I see this. And yeah, what is it? You're trying to protect yourself. It's selfishness. It's not character. It can't be. Amen. We've got to understand God made us in a particular way. And he gave us what we could handle. Whether it's a gift, listen, I may only be able to go this high because maybe beyond this, my pride and arrogance will kick in. God had to do it to Paul. Paul had the greatest revelation of anybody beyond Christ himself. And he said, "Paul, I put a thorn in your side to keep your pride and arrogance from coming up." Because Paul, your base nature, your flesh nature will creep in if you don't have this little thing in your life. And it'll keep you a reminder. It'll give you a reminder that this is of me, not of you. Amen. Whatever we can do, how great, how little it might be, it's all for the glory and benefit of the body of Christ. Amen. Someone else can do it. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. I so enjoy when we have brother Jonathan Martin in completely different gift. How wonderful was it? What kind of a of a shrew would I have to be to say, "Well, I don't want him to come in because he makes me look so bad. Seriously, he can preach the lights out. But how wonderful was it? It was a wonderful thing. That's why we bring him in. That's why Brother Grant gets to preach is because it's not about me. It's about you. It's about what will benefit the body of Christ. What will benefit him? It benefits him to be up here. I'm not saying I don't get anything out of preaching, but I'm saying I've got to be up here for your sake, not for mine. That's for sure. Look at James 4. He says, "So do you think that the scripture saith in vain that the spirit that dwelleth in us lustth to envy?" In other words, the spirit of God in you will not make you desire or be from start to finish. The problem is we never see what got the person to that place, but we still want it. He says, "But he giveth more grace. Wherefore he saith, God resisteth the proud, but giveth grace unto the humble. Submit yourselves, therefore, to God. Resist the devil, and he will flee from you." I'm trying to show you a pattern here with the disciples because if you look at it, the disciples were perfect church members. Come on. They walked away from everything. Literally in some cases left their boats, left their office in the case of Matthew. Just walked away. Left everything. Dad, see you later. It's all on you. Fishing is all on you now. We're gone. What am I going to do? I got all these boats that I I've got mortgages on the boats. I've got loans on all this equipment and you're telling me I'm losing my two best hands. Sorry, Dad. We're gone. They left everything to serve Christ, to follow him, to be his disciples. But to this point, they're still just church members. That's it. They had massive power given to them as a church member, but they had no they lacked revelation. They lacked character. They lacked understanding. They lacked faith. All this is all happening in the space of a few weeks. And it's showing us that the changes we need in our life is not church attendance. It's great. Praise the Lord. I will never tell you stop coming to church. But something has to happen when you come to church. And that's that you've got to have a personal experience with Jesus Christ where he changes your life forever. Not for the service, not for the week, not for the month, but where you can say, "I am no longer who I was. I am a new creation in Christ Jesus and everything in my life has been changed. We're still a work in progress. It's not that everything was changed. It's that you were changed in a way that can never be unchanged, if I could put it that way. But these are the chosen handpicked disciples of Jesus Christ. Pick with purpose and look at the massive flaws and issues they cause. That's why I'm saying you can't just be a church member. You got to be filled with the Holy Ghost. That's the only thing that'll bring us into unity. says, ' And John answered and said, Master, we saw one casting out devils in thy name, and we forbade him because he followth not with us. And Jesus said unto him, forbid him not, for he that is not against us is for us. So we see the disciples now, Jesus had talked to them, and they had only heard him talk to them. They had been the only ones that they heard him give power to. And so when they saw somebody else doing what they thought only they were allowed to do or should do, they said, "You better stop that. Don't you do that. What is it, church? They were protecting their own ministry. They were protecting their own position. And they said, "Listen, we don't know anything about you. Jesus never mentioned you to us. You were not part of the original commission. You don't travel with us. You're not a member of our church. We've never seen you at any services. Stop it." Right? And yet, look at the results. The results was that person was casting out devils and they were leaving. So clearly God was on his side. But they said, "You stop doing the work of God because we don't know anything about you. This is just for us." What was it church? Denominational thinking. Us 12 and no more. But they didn't even know that one of the 12 of them was bad. Us 12, including the bad one. But you can't do it because you're getting results. What was it? It was them exercising authority they didn't have. And Jesus had to correct them. They didn't try and correct this man because he was doing something wrong. They tried to stop him because he was doing something that they didn't want him to do because it was only for them. They were protecting their own ministry rather than focusing on their own ministry. Many times people will ask, you know, what do you think of so- and so or brother so and so or even sister so and so? you know, ministry in particular tends to be the thing. Listen, I can have an opinion all day long, and I probably do, but in the end, it really doesn't matter what brother so and so was preaching or not preaching, what sister so and so was doing or not doing. Why? Because the Holy Spirit's here to work on me. He's not here to work on you. He's here to work on me. That's what I need to be focused on is, am I doing what God wants me to do? Not is brother so and so doing it or not doing it or sister so and so doing it or not doing it. Church, we don't choose the vessels. We don't choose the gifts. We don't choose the place. We don't choose the time. It is completely of God's choosing. Amen. We don't choose the members of the body of Christ. We don't. It's of his choosing. Amen. So, we can't be protective. We can't be trying to control other people doing what they're doing. Listen, the fruits will show eventually anyways. We just have to have a bit of patience. And I find so often we're most critical when we're doing nothing. So let's get back to doing what we're supposed to be doing and we won't be so worried about what everybody else is doing. I find when I'm dry is when I get critical. I find that pretty universally right correct. You know, listen, we may not like it sometimes. We can see things and we are 100% sure that is wrong. We can think the motives are wrong. We can think the attitudes are wrong. And sometimes as time comes out, we realize we were right. And sometimes we realize we were wrong about somebody or something as well. But in the end, the fruits will show whether it was of God or whether it was not of God. Remember what Galiel said. Galia was the one that taught Saul who became Paul. But when the apostles were doing all these miracles and things, he said, "Listen, brothers." He says, "If it's of God, it'll move forward. And if it's of God, it'll come to nothing." He says, "Let's just leave it alone. Unless," he said, "we'd be fine to be fighting against God. Just let the fruits bear out. It'll show itself in the end." Amen. I've been in situations. I am in situations where you're looking at things and you're not sure. You're doubtful of gifts or callings or ministries or positions and all these different things. But the Lord knows them that are his and he'll prove it out. It's not up to me to prove it. It's up to him to prove it. I can keep my hands off it. It's not my life. I don't have to worry about it. Look what Paul would say. Paul dealt with this. He said, "Some indeed preach Christ even of envy and strife, and some also of goodwill. The one preached Christ of contention, not sincerely, supposing to add affliction to my bonds, but the other of love, knowing that I am set for the defense of the gospel." He says, "What then? What do we do with this?" He says, "Notwithstanding, every way, whether in pretense or in truth, Christ is preached." He says, "And I therein do rejoice. Yay. And will rejoice. He says, "Listen, as long as Christ is preached, that's all I care about." The motives will sort themselves out. The gifts will sort themselves out. The movements will sort themselves out. But if Christ is preached, Christ will find his own. He'll do what he needs to do. He can use a false anointed vessel and that vessel will fall away. But the people under that ministry can move on. I've experienced it. You know guy what what happened in Texas and these different things sitting under a false pastor doesn't mean I never grew under him. His failure did not impact me. False vessel, false anointed. Real anointing, false vessel. God can still use a broken vessel. But in the end, the fruits will show what was really inside there. Watch this continuation of the issues with the disciples. This is for our good church. This is so that we can look in our lives and say, "What is what is the power of God doing in my life? Am I just coming to church and am I a member or am I am I a part of the body of Christ today?" We need to be able to see our need for the Holy Spirit based on what we see in these men. says, "And it came to pass when the time was come that he should be received up, he steadfastly set his face to go to Jerusalem and sent messengers before his face, and they went and entered into the village of the Samaritans to make ready for him." So Jesus is going to Jerusalem, but he says, "I'm going to pass through this village. Go ahead and let them know I'm there. We can have a quick meeting before I before I move on." It says, "And they did not receive him because his face was as though he would go to Jerusalem." Notice their rejection of him was because they saw he's not going to stay with us. This is just a temporary visit and he's going on to Jerusalem. Their rejection of him was based on an inferiority complex that they had that the Jews in Jerusalem were better than they were. So they turned him down because he preferred the Jews in Jerusalem over them. And yet he said, "I'm coming through this town. Let's take advantage of it. I don't want to miss an opportunity to speak to these people." But they said, "Because you're not staying with us, you're going on to those Jews up there, th those elite Jews up in Jerusalem. We're not going to listen to you." Watch the response. Now, and when his disciples, James and John, saw this, they said, "Lord, wilt thou that we command fire to come down from heaven and consume them even as Elias did?" church. Did Jesus tell them I give you power for fire from heaven? But they said, "If you tell us to do it, we'll do it." Happy to do it. We would love these people. Jesus, do you know what the Samaritans did 150 years ago? Do you remember what they did to our temple, Jesus? We would love to settle the score right now. This is the perfect opportunity to get even. Just give us the word, we'll take care of it. You don't have to bismerch your name. It'll be us, not you. Right? What is it, church? Zeal without character. And zeal without character is self-righteous and judgmental. He says, "And he turned and rebuked them and said, you know not what manner of spirit ye are of." Church, these are men that have cast out devils, healed diseases, and raised the dead. And he says, "You don't know what spirit you're of. For the Son of Man has not come to destroy men's lives, but to save them." And they went to another village. They had a spirit to cast out demons, to heal the sick, to a point, but they had zero discernment. They had zero mercy. When they were affronted, they got offended for Jesus' sake. Jesus wasn't offended. They got offended for his sake. And they're ready to kill these people because they hurt Jesus. They thought cuz they rejected him. Jesus has said, "Listen, I'm going to be rejected of all men." But they were ready to kill the Samaritans. You don't hear him saying, "Hey, Jesus, say the word and we'll kill all the Jews in Jerusalem." No, cuz that's our friends and family. But these ones, these these these mixed people, the hybrids, we'll kill them all day long. Church, what spirit were they under? They were under the spirit of the law of Moses, if we were to get honest about it. Because all the prophets before were prophets of judgment. They offer grace, but the people always turn it down. And so they're under the Old Testament and Jesus is trying to get them into the New Testament. And they're under the spirit of the Old Testament, which is always death, destruction, pain, suffering. Jesus said, "You don't even realize what influence you're under." He says, "You got all this power and you don't even know how to use it. They're like kids with a gun. Kids with a gun. The boys played airsoft yesterday and my youngest, you know, he likes he's too young to play, but he likes to to hold them. So, I was giving it to him and my wife come up the stairs and he put it right on her, right? What is it? Zeal without character, right? Cuz he wants to play. He wants to go shoot people with these fake guns. But then he aims at his mother, right? all this passion, but it was like, "No, we don't we don't aim it at somebody unless we're going to shoot them, and we don't shoot mama ever." For the record, right? Jesus is saying, "If I wasn't here to control you, this power would turn into destruction." And remember, just a few weeks later or months later, Philip goes to Samaria and these people receive Christ and they receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost. So John and James would have killed children of God for the sake of the offense that they thought they caused to Jesus. Jesus wasn't offended. He said, "I'm not here to destroy. I'm here to save. And you've got a destructive nature in you. You got a destructive nature in you that would destroy these people and they're my children." What was the problem? The problem's not the power. The problem's the vessel. Amen. The power was perfect. The vessel was imperfect. And when you have an imperfect vessel and a perfect power, unfortunately, it makes the power imperfect. And if Jesus wasn't here to curb them, to hold them, they'd have been out there just blowing everything up. Why? Because the power was coming up here, and they still had a soul issue that hadn't been resolved. Amen. That that lack of character and discernment made them prone to acting selfishly, foolishly. flaws in their lives made them prone to abuse their position and authority. Why? Because that's not the power that they needed. But it was the power that they had. They started to think, "I'm elect. I'm chosen. I'm the elite. I've made it church. Those things are not wrong." But there was a walk that had to go before this. There was a time of testing and proving. And there was an inner work that had to happen before they could truly wield this power. And we see them time and time again. saying, "I will. Let me. I will never." Right? I I I the me show the me monster. And it's all about them. I can do this. I'm going to do this. I would never do that. Jesus. And what happens time and time again? They walk forward, fall. Walk forward, fall. They just keep falling and falling and falling. They couldn't get out of their own way. I'm sure we know people that keep falling and yet they're convinced. I'm good. No, you're not. You look at their life and it's a train wreck of bad decision after bad decision, bad leadership after bad leadership, and you say, "The fruits don't show. You're good. You need a new birth. You need to humble yourself." And what you'll find with those people is is always about me and I. They talk about themselves more than they talk about Christ. And humility has never entered their doorstep. And grace and mercy haven't come with it. And so all they've got is judgmental words and critical words for everybody else. Why? Because they haven't seen the need in themselves for a change in their life. They're aware of the truth, but they haven't received the spirit of truth that'll make them live what they're talking about. And until that happens, their Christianity will continue to be self- serving. Has to. I saw a video of a man that said, "Christianity is a lie." And I think I got the number right. He said, "I" He says, "I God never answered a prayer of mine for 17 years." Why? Because he was in it to make God his servant rather than to serve God. He became a Christian because somebody told him God answers prayers. There was no repentance. There was no, "I'm going to give my life away." It was, "I'm going to go in and I'm going to have somebody that's going to give me everything I want." And guess what God said? Nope. Cuz God's not a sugar daddy. But this guy, somebody told him he was. Amen. He wanted a servant, but he didn't want to be a servant. He wanted to receive but not give. He wanted to win but never go through the battle. He wanted everything handed to him on a platter. Amen. He wanted to gain everything and lose nothing. Amen. He didn't come with repentance. He came with entitlement. That ain't going to work. It takes a dying out. It takes a surrender. And God never recognized a single prayer he made. Never even heard it. Didn't even come before him because he never came through Christ. He came through his own selfish needs. You look at Peter, the ignorant fisherman, the man with the keys to the kingdom, and he was a loose cannon all his life. One day he hits the mark perfectly, and the next Jesus is saying, "Get thee behind me, Satan. One minute he's standing up and the next he's denying Christ three times. Up and down, in and out." And yet he's got power to raise the dead, heal the sick, and cast out demons. He'd only go so far and then he'd get in his own way and he'd fall flat on his face. Why? Not enough power. He had power for everyone else and nothing for himself. He tried to run the church before he got a true new birth. We see him on the just before the day of Pentecost and he's up there and he's saying, "Hey, we've lost Judas and the word says that somebody else has to take Judas place. So guys, let's pick our man." What was it? He was exercising authority before he was given true power to do it. In his own capacity, all he could do was start another denomination. Men's ideas, men's leadership, men's picking. God never pic God never told Peter to go up there and pick another disciple. You know what God told Peter to do? Sit still and shut up. He said, "Don't preach. Don't open your mouth. Don't try until you've received power." And Peter said, "While we're here, while we got this time, let's do something in the church." Jesus said, "Stay and wait and don't open your mouth until you get power. And once you got power, then you can move." Peter, why? because he knew that without that power, they'd make a mistake. And guess what? Poor Matias was a mistake. A burden put on him that he was not built for, he was not called for, he was not anointed for. And Peter's mistake put him in the spotlight. And we never hear a thing about Matias after that cuz God never called him. It wasn't God's plan. What they needed, not power, but they needed to know what to do with it. They needed what? To know what God wanted done. That only comes through the spirit of truth. Comes through the spirit of truth. He says, "I'll lead you into all truth. I'll show you what I want done. I'll show you things that are to come so you can do it so you're ready for it so you know what's coming." And somebody say, "Brother John, can you can you preach on what's going on in current events?" I said, "Everyone else is doing it so glad so well. I don't know why I should do it." Just point you to them, you know, but maybe I need to do that to show us where we are in time. We've had a spirit of truth that's come and told us what's coming. I was talking to my father this week and and I said uh I said, you know, we've got an American pope now. I said, 'D did you know that that brother Brandon prophesied that? He said, no. I said, yeah, he did. And it's not good that's coming after this. Oh, why? He knows the truth. And we are this close, aren't we? We're we're we're not one minute to midnight, church. 4 seconds to midnight before the clock ticks and we're gone. It's not a time to mess around. They need the spirit of truth because up until that point as a church member, Paul said, "We're still under a spirit of disobedience." That's our natural spirit. It's a spirit of disobedience. Church, good intentions can still be disobedient. Peter had all the best intentions in the upper room, but he was still disobedient to the will and purpose of God. As much power as they had, as great as experiences they had, they were not born again by the spirit of God. And meant that meant they were subject to failure over and over again. What's the new birth do, church? Gets us out of the way. That's what it's meant to do. It's meant to get us out of the way. They wanted victory. See, we all want power over that. But they needed power over this. It would be so nice if on the road I can make everybody drive the way I want them to drive, but I can't do that. And the spirit of God is not given to me to force them to comply with my rules and regulations and expectations on the road. So, he's got to do a work in me to help me deal with the situations rather than call down fire from heaven and consume them even as Elisha did. Because that's what we feel like sometimes, isn't it, Big John? Call down fire from heaven on people on the road especially. I can't change every situation. I'm not meant to change every situation, but I'm meant to go through it with grace and the character of Christ to reflect his willingness to endure through suffering and pain hard times and not lose my Christian testimony. Uh hopefully Nate doesn't mind me talking about this. We were talking about uh playing ice hockey yesterday at Brother Marks and you know the joke was that when we go out on the ice then our testimony stay on the bench. But that's the way it is. We all have those things. We may not play ice hockey, but some of us have other areas where what our Christian testimony can sometimes get left behind. We need to hold us through all these things because we all have it. We all do it. Peter had it. And Peter's problem was that he thought he could do it. That's all. Peter couldn't do it. I can't do it. You can't do it. And some of us just take a little longer to get to realizing that. That's all. But you'll get there. You'll get there. I'll get there. We'll all get there. But you know what I love? I preached a somewhat negative sermon. I understand that here. But you know what I love? All of this didn't stop God for a second. It didn't stop Joel 2:28. Didn't stop Ezekiel 36. I'll give you a new heart and a new spirit and I'll place my spirit within you. None of the flaws and failures and trips and falls, none of the silliness, none of the immaturity stopped God. Not a single thing stopped God from coming down on the 50th day and filling them with the spirit of God. Amen. Listen, our genetics, our family traditions, our our our our church traditions, our our our our hardships, our our offenses, our hurts, our failures, our grand schemes, ideas, ambitions. None of it's going to stop God from doing what he said he was going to do. That's what I want to end on this morning. It doesn't matter where we are, what we've done, how flawed we are. Nothing's going to stop him because it's not based on me. It's based on him. But the problem is, as long as I think I'm holding him up. I keep trying to do it. I keep trying to fix it. Peter couldn't fix himself. I can't fix me, much less you. It takes the power of Almighty God to take this vessel and make it fit for his service. He's got to take the clay and he's got to smash it up and he's got to remold it in his perfect will. And that's when we can stop tripping over our own selves day by day. He said, "I love the Lord because he's so merciful when we're so undeserving and yet he is so merciful." He says, "That's been one of the marvels of my life and my experience has been to see when we were so unworthy and yet he visits us anyhow and it just rides over the top of our unworthiness and gives us his blessings anyhow." Hallelujah. How unworthy do we feel so many times, church? And what is it? Grace flows in and again and again. You say, "I'm past grace." And another wave of grace hits you and you say, "Thank you, Lord. I'm not worthy. But we've got to realize we're not worthy. We can't turn that grace into disgrace. But when you say and you realize, Lord, I'm unworthy and yet your grace holds me. Your mercies are new every single morning. We fail every single day. We do. That's this flesh. But we've got a soul that's been perfected by Almighty God. And it's sealed to the day of our redemption. I appreciate what Sister Priscilla said before her her special because we're not looking at this flesh. This mind, it has to be brought into the mind of Christ. This body is meant to be subject to the spirit of God inside of us. That's all healing is, brothers and sisters, is when your body obeys the power of God inside of you. That's all it is. But we've got to see the imperfections of this vessel will not stop him. And if we'll just give it over to him, he'll do wonderful things with it. Amen. Peter, the the disciples, they failed and they fell all the way to Pentecost. And yet on the 50th day, God moved. Anyhow, see, if I was Peter's dad, I said, "Look at this guy. I mean, I've risen from the dead. I've told him what's coming. I've told him what to do, and he's still up there causing problems." And God says, "Doesn't matter a bit. I got Paul waiting in the wings. The fact that they chose the 12th will not stop me from choosing the true 12th. And when Peter, when I'm done with Peter, if we give him just one more day, it'll take care of everything. And you'll see that after this, Peter doesn't flip and flop. He doesn't fall and trip. He knows where to give the credit. He's humble. He's obedient. He's surrendered even to death because he finally got the power that would change him instead of changing everybody else. One quote as we close. He says, "What can you give?" God will receive what you'll give. But God wants all of you. He wants every bit of you. He wants all. He wants everything you are. He wants your life. He wants your testimony. He wants every minute you live. He wants you to live right, act right, talk right, do right, do right. He wants everything perfectly surrendered to him. Why? that he can lead you and guide you and put you into places where he wants you to go. He says you'll be led of the spirit. Amen. We'll pick that up on next Sunday, Lord willing. God bless you. Let's stand together if we would. Amen. I am so thankful. I've always said that the the day the service that I gave my heart to the Lord, it took 45 minutes for me to go through that prayer line to get up to where the ministers were and I just cried the entire time because in that presence, in that atmosphere, I saw every flaw that I had. I saw every failure. I saw every arrogance, every bit of pride so clearly and I cried because in spite of that he was calling me by name. That was mercy and grace. That was mercy and grace. And when I gave my heart to him and was baptized and filled with the spirit, everything became new. Now, it didn't mean I wasn't flawed, but it meant that he had accepted me despite those flaws. And he started working to take those flaws out. And he even uses some of them for other people's benefits now. And he takes you and he molds you and he shapes you into something that he can work with. And all he's wanting you to do is say, "I surrender. I give up. I'm going to stop trying and I'm going to start yielding." And that's when God can actually really get a hold of us and use us for his glory. Amen. That's when we can experience that absolute power that we're talking about. We'll go into that on Sunday morning, Lord willing. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, what a comfort it is to know that Lord, you're not relying on me or these people to be the absolute. You're not relying on us for power or wisdom or strength. Lord, you're not relying us on for experience or skill. Lord, all you're asking us to do is surrender. You're just asking us to humble ourselves to you, to your word, Lord, to let your spirit have control of our lives. So, Lord, I'm thankful. Lord, I'm thankful that you can use this flawed vessel, Lord, that you've taken these people, Lord, as broken as we are so many times, Lord, and you can use us for your glory. Lord, I pray you give us testimony day by day of your goodness. Lord, that we would look to the things of God, that we would just dwell in them, that we would bathe ourselves in them, saturate them, Lord, in the good things of God, that we could see your will and your purpose, Lord. That as we walk through our daily lives, Lord, we could look to you constantly and say, "He's with me. He knows me. He's accepted me. He's dwelling in me, and he wants to do something with my life." Lord, grant us grace to trust you more. Lord, grant us grace to surrender more. Grant us grace to give you every part of our life, heavenly father. Lord, that as we commit it to you, Lord, that you would use it for your glory and benefit of all. We pray. Grant us grace, Lord, to let go. We ask in Jesus Christ's name we're praying it. Amen. Create in me a clean heart. 150. Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. Oh, createth me a clean heart. Oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. and cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord, and take not thy holy spirit from me. [Music] Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation and renew a right spirit within me. Create in me a clean in me a clean heart. Oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. Oh, create in me a clean heart. Oh God, and renew a bright spirit within me. Oh, cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord, and take not thy holy spirit from me. Restore Pour unto me the joy of my salvation and renew a right spirit. Cast me. So cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord, and take not thy holy spirit from me. Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation and renew a right spirit within me. Pour your spirit out on me. 12:21 [Music] Lord, I seek you. Help me find you. How I need your touch. Find my tri broken places thirsty for your love. And Lord, forgive me if I wonder far away from you. You are all I ever needed. Come and make me new and pour your spirit out on me. I'll just [Music] like my thirsty soul come and call on me. Fill my cup again. Amen. And make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Lord, I see you. We find you. Yes. Amen. Need your touch. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. and broken places thirsty for your love. Amen. Lord, forgive me if I wondered far away from you. Oh, blessed be your name, Lord. are all I' ever needed. Come and take me do pour your spirit out on hallelujah just like the rain. [Music] My thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. And make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit down. Lord, I seek you. Help me find you. How I need your touch. Yes, Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Find my dry hand, broken places, thirsty for your love. Hallelujah. Oh, praise the Lord. No forgive me if I wonder are away from you. Amen. You are all I Yes. Amen. Come and make me new for your spirit and I love me. Oh, just like the rain saturate my thirsty snow. Come and fall fresh on me. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Hear my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Pour your spirit out on me. Amen. Fall just like the rain. Saturate. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Come and fall on me. Fill my cup. Hallelujah. And make me whole. I need you now for your spirit. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Praise the Lord. The more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. Amen. The more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. The more that I ask, Lord. Hallelujah. The more he takes control, the more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up. Every day I live. Lord, I love you. The more that I surrender, the light to help us. Hallelujah. The more that I release my cares, the more it takes control. the Lord and I can humble myself. The Lord he lifts me up every day I live. Lord, I love you more. Let's sing it again. Oh, the more that I surrender, the lighter my love. Hallelujah. The more that I release my cares, the more he takes control. The more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up. Every day I live, more I love you more. And I want God's way to be my way. as I journey here below. For there is no other highway that a child of God should go. Amen. [Music] If it leads me, it's enough. I want God's way to be my way. Hallelujah. I want God's way and I want God's way to be my way as I journey. Yes. Amen. For there is no other highway that a child of God should go. Though the road be steep and rough in feelings, it's enough. I want God's way to be my way every day. And I want the Amen. Oh, as a journey hear me know for hallelujah. Let a child of God should go. On the road be steep and rough. If he leads me, it's enough. One God's way to be my way every day. Amen. Praise the Lord. I want to sing my hope. It's 1088 up there. Amen. Praise the Lord. We want his way to be our way, don't we? But we must decrease and he must increase. Amen. Praise the Lord. I stand in awe within the presence of the Lord. In whom the wisdom of the ages lie. For whom the raging on the sea subside, the living sacrifice, the only source of my home. is in the Lord. Hallelujah. From this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. Mercy's come with every rising star to beat the sinner in his brokenness to offer healing and forgiveness. [Music] And those who trust in him will find their heart at rest. My hope is in the Lord. Hallelujah. from this thy and ever. All my hope is in the Lord. Hallelujah. Forever more. His tender mercies come with every rising sun. to meet the sinner in his brokenness, to offer healing and forgiveness. And those who trust in him will find their hearts at rest. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah Lord. Hallelujah. And ever more. Oh my hope is Lord forever more. My hope is in the Lord. Hallelujah. From this time on. Hallelujah. And ever. Oh my heart. Your face in the Lord forever more. in my home. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. From this time on and ever. Oh, hallelujah. Praise the Lord. The Lord forever. Praise the Lord. Thank you Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, blessed be your name Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. And amen. Praise the Lord. Let's uh let's just sing 1081. I'm amazed that you love me. Amen. For all the weaknesses I see in me, as one of the songs says, I just get more and more amazed that he would love me. Amen. But he knows our frame and that we are but dust. I thank God for his grace to [Music] us. I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed how you care to your preious blood I've pardoned. Amen. And my sins of ours, they're all washed away all my sins. Praise the Lord. wash away. I'm amazed that you love. Yes. Amen. I'm [Music] amazed how we care. Praise the Lord. Through your preious blood, I found pardon. Amen. And my s are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins I wash away. Amen. As we go, I'm going to uh ask brother Kingsley to just close in prayer for us tonight. today if you would be in prayer one for another and for brother John as he would or brother Garfield pray for brother John of course for brother Garfield as he brings the word on Wednesday night be in prayer for them as they move into uh their uh new home and you saw brother Joe's email so I can be in touch with him with a response but also anyway just pray for those that uh may not have been here and those that should be here. May God be with his each one. Praise the Lord. Let's uh I had something in mind to sing. Then it was uh Oh, yeah. 1263. I'm going to make it. I'm going to make it purely by the grace of God. Amen. And brother Kings will close. I'm going to make it. He's already said that I would. Amen. I'll keep on trusting that he's working everything for my good. Yes. Amen. He walks beside me and heaven is in my view. I'm going to make it through. [Music] I'm going to make it. He's already said that I would. I'll keep on trusting that he's working everything for my good. He walks beside me and heaven is in my Oh, I'm going to make it through. Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. Let us pray. Our heavenly father, we thank you for yet another day. We thank you for your mercies that are always speaking for us. We thank you for the grace that are merited in our lives. We thank you for your word that is ever cleansing us and filling us with the light of your presence. Lord, we thank you for your vessel using your servants, the pastor to refill us and fill us, energizing us, keeping us excited of this walk with you. Lord, we pray that you continue to fill him and give him the wisdom and the grace and all that he needs to continue pastor us and shepherd us as we continue to grow. We ask for grace and wisdom for brother Grassfield from Wednesday's service. as he come prepared. Let your fire flow through him, through his word, through your word, through him. And let us be filled with the words. Lord, for those that are not in church today, we pray for them. We know for several reasons. They could they could be here, but they're not. We ask the Lord that you protect them where they are and meet them at their needs. Father, as this week we approach this week, we ask that you replace our desires with yours. Just like what we've heard today, we want to leave the word as you have spoken it. We want our joy and and all our thoughts, everything that is made up in us to be a rosenance of your word. Let us be rooted in your word. Let our desires be your desires. Lord, help us to surrender every fleshly desire, every cultural desire, every norms, every every other thing that this world has always engineered into us, making us believe that this is good. Help us to stand by the truth. Help us to stay closer to you. Help us to surrender all our weakness and cares unto you, Lord. Yes. As we approach this week with joy, fill our lips with testimonies. Help us to speak light. Help us to speak positive. Help us to speak faith because we know that you have done it since the beginning of the foundation of the world. Thank you, Lord, for our names are written in the book of life. And thank you once more, Lord, for reminding us that you love us and then our journey is secured and is sure with you. We give all glory and adoration unto you, Lord. To you be all the glory as we close this day in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. [Music] [Music] to make you. He's always keep on trusting that he's working everything for my good. He walks beside me. And heaven is here. I want a [Music] finger. I'm going to wait. He already said how he trusting that and he's working everything for my good bide me I knew you for all time to make it through. I know you make him always trust him that he everything for he was like me and everything you do What a way through everything. [Music] There I search you. I found it all. [Music] my [Music] life and [Music] you deserve before I found it all. I found it all. There are no heat. [Music] It [Music] [Music] all be around you. Yeah. I found it all. [Music] in my life. [Music] I found it all. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] I [Music] found you. I found it all. [Music] the love that I surrender to for all that I have. All that I am all [Music] I love [Music] I surrender. [Music] All that I for all I [Music] am I shall [Music] Never can [Music] I surrender to thee.
