################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-10 - 20250810 - The Token Life Pt 75 -The Mind of Christ Pt 4 - Bro Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-08-10
Title:    20250810 - The Token Life Pt 75 -The Mind of Christ Pt 4 - Bro Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 20m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LI9UjL5NcTs
========================================

Description:
Quotes and Scriptures: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1htpwevQyWkoHwIwmEC_2jNwMH3OoQyvd/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey, heat. Hey, heat. [Music] All right. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Are you Heat. Heat. [Music] Stand and I surrender. [Music] I surrender all [Music] to thee. My blessed savior. I surrender all. All to Jesus. I surrender all to him. My freely give. I will ever love and trust him in his presence daily live. I surrender all. I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed Savior. I surrender all. All to Jesus I surrender. Humbly at his feet I bow. Worldly pleasures all forsaken. Take me Jesus. Sing me now. I surrender all. I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed Savior. I surrender all [Music] to Jesus I surrender. Make me savior holy thine. Let me feel the holy spirit truly know that thou art mine. I surrender all. All I surrender all all to thee my blessed savior I surrender all to Jesus I Surrender. Lord, I give myself to thee. Fill me with thy love. Granted, Lord, let thy blessings fall on me. I surrender all. I surrender all [Music] to thee, my blessed Savior. I surrender all and all to Jesus. I surrender. Now I feel the sacred flame. Oh the joy of full salvation. Glory, gloryy to his name. I surrender all. I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed Savior I surrender all. All to Jesus I surrender. Lord I give myself to thee. Man, help us. Fill me with thy love and power. Let thy blessing fall on me. I surrender all. I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed Savior I surrender all. All to Jesus. I surrender now. I feel the sacred flame. All the joy of full man. Thank you Lord. Glory. Glory to his name. I surrender all. I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed Savior. I surrender all. Amen. Help us. Welcome everyone here this morning. We just uh have some prayer requests here and some announcements. We want to keep the uh camp in prayer. We know the wildfires are creating a a disruption there. Um as well as to just pray for the the wildfires that all that would stop. Uh thankful for brother Paul, sister Kimberly that their area is is calmed down. We just trust that that'll remain. Uh for the other areas like uh Victoria, I know the whiffins right now are under um evacuation order. So that's uh got to be scary, you know, with their home there and different things and all the the people in the in the area. We just pray God's grace to them. We want to keep the Snow family in prayer, especially Sister Alfreda as they adjust now. We pray for Sher Lynn Piery, God's grace to her. We're praying for a miracle in her life. Uh for those on vacation, uh for the man and the family traveling today, we're just praying for safe flights and ontime flights and that they'd get home safely. Um early I guess late tonight they they get home. Uh Marilyn Taylor speaking with her yesterday and she's got the shingles. It's been a bit of a rough go since uh u Dave Stokes passed away and I guess she's just you know still under that stress and and uh her body's just uh weak and and things. So just want to keep her in prayer for that. Um Sister Beverly asked for prayer for Jack. He's in town and going to have some dental work done, some dental surgery. So, we want to pray grace to him. All that will go smoothly for the some of the standing requests of Brother Dale, Sister Lorie Snow, Brother David's uh nephew, and some friends of his, Sister Cordella, Brother Nelson Guy, Jr., grace to to them. Uh so, let's uh let's remember those in prayer. I'm going to ask brother uh Filimon, brother, if you're uh if you'd open in prayer. We'll sing um let's sing verse three again. All to Jesus I surrender. Make me savior holy thine. Let me feel the holy spirit truly know that thou art mine. I surrender all. I surrender all all to thee my blessed Savior. I surrender all. [Music] I surrender [Music] all. &gt;&gt; I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed Savior, I surrender all. [Music] [Music] A blessed day of worship for all of us saints. Let's bow our head for prayer. Oh eternal father of a father, Lord God, to you is in the heavens cuz the heaven is your throne and the earth is your foottool. We pray to you oh Lord in the name of your one and only true begotten son the Lord Jesus Christ to thank you so much. Thank you so much Lord God for this moment you have given to us. Thank you for preparing us from last night that all of us are well today to come here. Thank you L so much oh Lord for giving us this eagerness in our hearts to look forward for this moment wherein we're going to have fellowship oh you for with you oh Lord oh Lord we submit to you this church service all hearts that are present here and those that are watching through the net we submit them to you oh Lord touch all our hearts our ears that we will be fully attentive to your message to your word to church service. Oh father, we pray to you oh lord to please cast away the enemy from this place. Don't allow oh Lord the enemy to stay amongst us so that they will not cast them out oh Lord so that they will not tempt us oh father oh father we pray to you please bless this church service touch all our ears that we will be keen in listening to your message oh lord mold and hold our hearts that we'll be able to accept your message and your word that you'll be be giving to us on this very hour oh Lord that when we keep it in our hearts, it will grow. It will grow, oh Lord, and it will bear fruits that will bring glory and honor to your name. Oh father, we submit to you, oh Lord. Our pastor who will be delivering the message. Touch him, oh Lord. Lead him and guide him that every word that will come out from his mouth are words that are coming from you, oh Lord. and help us oh Lord that we will be able to accept it oh Lord with a glad heart whether it be for correction or for strengthening us help us oh Lord we pray to you oh Lord to please as well guide the music ministry the net and everyone here oh Lord that everything will bring glory and honor to your name this we pray to you Lord in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ amen [Music] Sing number 662. It's Keeping Me Alive. This is going to be a medley of songs. So, it's the Holy Ghost and fire and it's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. keeping me alive. It's the Holy Ghost and fire and it's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me alive. [Music] Holy Ghost is and it's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. Holy Ghost and fire and it's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me alive. It's down in my heart and it's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. It's down in my heart and it's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me alive. It's the Holy Ghost and fire and it's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. It's the Holy Ghost and fire and it's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me alive. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood for me. One day when I was lost, he died upon the cross. I know it was the blood for me, man. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood for me. One day when I was lost, he died upon the cross. I know it was the blood for me now. Thank you, Lord. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood for me. One day when I was lost, he died upon the cross. I know it was the blood for me. This whole world can never hold me man or anymore. And I'll be gone. For I've made my consecration and I have my wedding coming on the man. This whole world can never hold me. Any moment I'll be gone. For I've made my consecration and I have my wedding coming on. This whole world can never hold me anymore. Man, I'll be gone. For I've made my consecration and I have my wedding coming on. Oh, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Singing glory hallelujah. Jesus set me free. I'm so glad that Jesus lifted me. I'm so glad that Jesus lifted me. I'm so glad that Jesus lives to me. Singing glory hallelujah. Jesus set me free. I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting victory. On my way to heaven shouting victory. On my way to heaven. Shout in victory singing glory hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Satan had me bound but Jesus set me free. Satan had me bound but Jesus set me free. Satan had me bound but Jesus set me free. singing glory, hallelujah, Jesus set me free. Thank you, Lord. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Oh, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Wherever I go, I'll praise him. Wherever I can, I'll praise him for his love. Thank you, Lord. Me like a sea. I praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the name of Jesus. For the name of Jesus lifted me. Thank you, Lord. Wherever I go, I'll praise him wherever I can't help. For his love surrounds me like a sea. I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the name of Jesus. For the name. Thank you, Lord. Glory to your name. Wherever I go, I'll praise him wherever I can. I'll praise him for his love surrounds me like a sea. I praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the name of Jesus for the name. One more time. lifted me. Wherever I go, I'll praise him wherever I can. I praise him for his love surrounds me like a sea. I praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the name of Jesus. for the name of Jesus lifted me. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless our musicians and and you folks. Let's sing uh 299. Seek you first the kingdom of God. [Music] Seek. Sorry. Let's try that again. I got to breathe first. Seek ye first the kingom of God and his rightuousness and all these things shall be added onto you. Hallelu. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] and shall not live by bread alone but by every word that proceeds from the mouth of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Ask and it shall be open unto you. Seek and ye shall find. Thank you Lord. And now can it shall be open unto you. Hallelu. Hallelujah. He keep first the kingom of God and his rightuousness [Music] and all these things shall be added onto you. Hallelu. Hallelujah. Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds from the mouth of God. Hallelu. Hallelujah. Ask and it shall be given onto you. Seek and ye shall find. How can it shall be opened unto you? Hallelu. Hallelujah. Seek ye first the kingom of God. and his rightousness and all these things shall be added unto you. Hallelu Hallelujah. Amen. Let's sing a 1062. Lord, you make your mercy new every day. [Music] I thought that I had cross the line. walked away from love one time. Too many amount. I thought I'd used up all the grace set aside for my mistakes. So many on my knees I found to my surprise. I thank you Lord. Your mercy renews with the sunrise. You make your mercy new every day. You change my life in so many ways. You cradled me in your sweet grace. You fail me. Yesterday, day to day, forever more. [Music] There's one thing I know for sure. Fresh as a morning too, you make your mercy new [Music] every morning. Lord, you make your mercy new every day. You change my life in so many ways. You cradle me in your sweet grace, man. You f me. And yesterday, today, forever more. There's one thing I know for sure. [Music] Fresh as a morning do you make your mercy new [Music] every morning by stand. Oh, the wasted times that I have known. A prodical away from home, not knowing. Thank you, Lord. Every day, your grace was multiplied with forgiveness, waiting to proise. Lord, you make your mercy new every day. You change my life in so many ways. You cradle me in your sweet grace. Glory. Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Oh yes, day to day, forever more. [Music] There's one thing I know for sure. Fresh as the morning do, you make your mercy new morning. I know. Oh, the wasted times that I have known. A prodal away from home. [Music] Not know me. Every day your grace was multiplied with forgiveness waiting to proise. I thank you Lord. Lord you God bless you. you every day. You change my life in so many ways. You cradle me in your sweet grace. You'll fill me. And yesterday, today, forever more. There's one thing I know for sure. Fresh as a morning dew, you make your mercy new. Every morning. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus, how thankful we are, Lord, that that mercy renews every morning, Lord. It's inexhaustible, Lord. It's a fountain of mercy and grace, Lord, flowing down to those that will accept it. Heavenly Father, Lord, we know your grace comes by your word, Lord. Your mercy is through the blood. Your grace is through the word, Lord, that lifts us up out of the muck and the the mire that we're stuck in, Lord, out of life situations, Lord, our own decisions and failures, Lord. But you lift us up and Lord, you're trying to get us into heavenly places, Lord, to see our position in you this morning. Lord, you're trying to get us to see that there's an overcomer's way. Lord, there's a holiness way. There's a highway, Lord, to eternal life, Lord, of walking together with you, Lord. And we want to walk there with you this morning, heavenly father. Lord, we want to surrender our lives to you a new, Lord. We want a rebaptism of your Holy Spirit, Lord, to fill these vessels, Lord, that it could overflow, Lord, that it could show the world a Jesus Christ that's alive today as he was yesterday, Lord. And the same thing tomorrow, Lord God. Lord, just just fill us, Lord. I pray touch us a new, Lord. Help us to surrender daily to you, Lord. Help us to draw close to you as you draw close to us, Lord. Let us not turn you away, Lord, but let us receive you into the home of our lives and hearts and souls day by day, Lord, to have sweet fellowship with you. We pray, Lord, remembering the many prayer requests been brought forth, Lord. Those that are in the path of the wildfires, Lord, you see the impact it's potentially having on camp. Lord, we commit it all into your hands, Lord. You know the perfect will. you know the perfect way, Lord. But we're asking grace that you would help us in our fellowship each one. We pray in Jesus Christ's name we're asking it. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Turn if you would to Second Timothy chapter 1. Second Timothy chapter 1. We want to keep remembering the Wim family, of course, and they're on an evacuation alert there in Victoria. Just trusting the Lord to be with them. We want to remember brother Matt and Sister Amber and Selena. I think they come home tomorrow early morning. Yeah. So we want to remember them as well as they travel. God's grace to them. Each one different ones that are away. Brother Kingsley and his family on vacation. Amen. Praying God's grace to each one of us. Amen. Second Timothy chapter 1 verse 7. We're going to read through verse 9. I only had seven here but just in my office felt led to go all the way to verse 9. So 1 Timothy 2 Timothy sorry 1 and verse 7 says this. For God had not given us the spirit of fear, but it doesn't say the spirit of, but it means the spirit of power and of love and of a sound mind. He says, "Be not thou therefore ashamed of the testimony of our Lord, nor me his prisoner, but be thou partaker of the afflictions of the gospel according to the power of God." He says, "Who has saved us and called us with an holy calling, not according to our works, but according to his own purpose and grace which was given us in Christ Jesus before the world began." Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats this morning. We're continuing on our series on the Holy Ghost. We want to take another series on the mind of Christ. And last service, we spoke on being in the right channel to receive the word of God. Amen. That's what the mind of Christ is. It's the the mind that will receive the word. It will receive the will of God. And we're like a radio that's tuned to a frequency. And that frequency is the word. Amen. That's what we're built to receive. Amen. That comes with prayer. It comes with spending time with God. It comes with reading his word. It comes with meditating on the things to God. And you know, even before we get into this service this morning, I'm always amazed how if you'll give God some quiet time, he starts talking. I know I've said this before, but if I'm out walking, if I'm driving, even if I just take a moment to just sit for a while and just start to meditate on the things of God, just turn everything else off, turn the phone off, tune the family out, just get someplace quiet, and just give him a moment, he starts to speak. Prophet of God says, you talk about him, he draws near. You start to dwell on the things of God. Amen. And so, I'm amazed at what at what he will do if we'll just give him the time and the opportunity to do it. So many times, remember the prophet of God said, he said, "God is a gentleman. He won't force himself in. But if you invite him in, a gentleman doesn't turn down an invitation, does he?" So if we'll invite him in, if we'll give him that opportunity. Amen. And I was even studying for this service yesterday, and I was down in my office for two hours. And I was completely overwhelmed with it. I had so much in front of me, so many so many things that had crossed my mind, so many directions I could go. And I spent two hours, and I had no direction. And so I just came up out of the basement. And I just said, "Lord, I don't know where to go. There's just too much here. And I don't know what thought you'd have for me or what direction you'd have me." And just a few minutes later, just not studying, not not anything, just waiting, he gave me that scripture that we started with, and I said, "I'll take that." And away we went. See, church, I'm not I'm not looking for an idea. I'm not looking for for just a something that I can preach on. I'm looking for inspiration. Amen. I'm looking for what he wants for the people. I don't want to come up here and preach my thoughts or my ideas or what I think. Amen. But I'm not up here to force it. Amen. What I want to do is catch his mind and his thought and let him do the talking. Then it's his message, not my message. It's it's him preaching to the people, not me preaching to the people. And so sometimes we need to just lay everything down and sit still a while. You think, you know, there's nothing wrong with me studying. I've got to study. But it's not by studying I'm going to catch it. It's by catching it I'm going to catch it. And I've got to give him time to to to open up the the channel and so I can receive because if what I'm doing is I'm filling my channel all the time, he doesn't have a chance to step in. So I've got to just lay it down sometimes and say, "Lord, you see what I've got? You see my 49 pages of notes in front of me. What portion do you want me to preach on?" Or do you want me to preach on something completely different? I've got to lay everything I've got aside as much as I feel that's the direction God wants me. If he wants me to take a service or five or 10 that's not on this topic, I've got to be able to do it. Amen. But you you will you'll find so many times that Satan is keeping us so busy with our lives that when we're not busy, we're just trying to relax. And when we're trying to relax, that's rarely the things of God. And so we get into this cycle. Amen. We're so busy winding ourselves up and then unwinding ourselves that God's got no place in our life. Amen. You notice when they came out of Egypt before they did, Satan got them real busy. Bricks without straw and you've got to meet your quota and you've got to do this and you've got to do that. And we've got so many things in our life that we got to do. Church, go travel to a third world country and you'll find out how quick you can get away with not having a whole lot of things that we think we've got to have today. Amen. There's so much Amen. God's left sitting outside and all he gets is a little bit of time at church with us. That's sad how sometimes we get there. We can get so busy that the only time God gets us is in church. And half the time we're so busy unwinding from everything we wound oursel up that he doesn't really get a whole lot of time in it in the first place. Amen. That's a sad state of affairs for us. But sometimes we're just that busy. Amen. I'll tell you what, that's not going to produce rapturing faith. A life that's so busy that we're giving God the the dregs of of what's left of our life is not going to produce a closeness with God by any means. Amen. We've got to give him some time. We're up against an enemy. And I'll tell you that enemy is using busyiness these days to keep us wound up. And he's had thousands of years of thousands of years of practice to get us wound up in these things. Brother Brown would say it this way. He says, "You see the trouble today. We have so much money and stuff on our mind. God can't have a place to get in our thinking." He says, "We want to go downtown, shop for new dresses or something or another. We have to see Susie and John. We're going to play cards tonight. We can't go to church tonight." He says, "We have everything else on our mind." Now, I'm pretty sure we're not at home playing cards, but what are we at home doing? Or what are we not at church doing? It's amazing to me how we can we can't give God eight out of 168 hours to go to church. Those only those those four hours on a Wednesday night and four hours on a Sunday morning. Somehow those seem to get blocked up the first, not the last. We won't stay up late on Monday night, Tuesday night, so that we're free Wednesday night. And we won't block off our Sundays. You know, my son plays soccer. He plays at a high level. Somebody asked me the other day, they said, "John, how how long are you going to let him play?" I said, "Until they kick us out because we don't show up." Cuz I said, "We don't play Wednesday nights and we don't play Sundays." End of story. It's not negotiable. It's not negotiable. Why? We blocked out time for God. We're showing our kids what matters. We're showing our family what matters. Amen. I'm not here to preach this morning to those aren't here. I'm here to preach to those that are here. I'm saying, "Hold the line. Hold the line." Because Satan's trying to push the line. He's trying to push the line. When God gives us ground, church, let's not give it back. Let's not give it back. When God shows us something, he never takes it back. We've got to hold our ground when God puts something into our lives. Amen. He says the church has got so many orders and things to keep us so busy. He says prayer meetings are left out. Now, he's talking more about denominational systems where they have so many programs and so many things going on. But he says, "What you've left out is one of the most critical, which is prayer meetings." We're going to start prayer meetings up again in the fall. Now, we had those last year. They kind of tailed off, and it was mostly the the the the fathers and their sons coming, but it's open to everyone. And I hope that we'll have more people there. It's usually on Saturday nights in preparation for Sunday morning service. It's to get us in a mindset. Amen. And we're going to be running the prayer meetings a little differently, and I'll share what that's going to look like as we get closer to that opening. Amen. But prayer is critical to our walk with God. And prayer for each other is critical for this body. There's nothing you'll find more satisfying than have your brother and sister pray for you. It's a wonderful thing. It draws you closer. It gets us over the bumps and the rubs that we have. Amen. When I can pray for you and you can pray for me and we can be honest about where we're at and what needs we have and what God's doing in our life and our struggles and our pains and our hurts. When we can get together and pray about that, good things happen in the body of Christ. That's what it takes. Amen. We're in a showdown, in case you didn't know it, church. We're in a showdown. Amen. A bount Zion showdown. And it's a showdown whether we're going to give God everything that he wants or we're going to let Satan start pressing in cuz the enemy is trying to come in like a flood. I did. We uh we talked about that earthquake over in Russia. And I did look it up and it was the one in uh in uh Cal or in in Alaska was still bigger. I believe it was a 92 or a 91. It was huge. That was judgment. But this is just a warning that there's judgment coming. But Kamchchateka province on in Russia there. They show that tsunami come in and this guy was up on a hill that was 100 ft high and he thought he was safe and he had his dog running around and his dog went down in a dip that was about 20 feet below him and almost got swept away by that tsunami. 75 ft up into the hills. We're in a showdown, church. Everything's coming to a head. Amen. And like I said before, we're we're we're so caught up in so many things in busyiness. And Satan's tying us up in busyiness that when we can get away from that, we're just trying to untie ourselves from the busyiness. And it rarely works in God's favor when we do that. Satan's trying to get us so worn out, so committed that we've got a half-hearted prayer for God just before we go to bed. It's exactly the truth. It's exactly the truth. We only have to look around. Look at your brothers. We're We're all mostly single inome families. Listen, we've Some of you are are by God's grace retired. But for those of us that aren't retired, we're working. We get up in the morning and we work, work, work. And guess what? And then we've got commitments to our family. We've got commitments church. We can get so busy in our commitments that we forget that it's God that takes the priority in all of that. We've got to be able to commit everything to him. Commit everything to him and just let him come in and start to do these works in our lives. Amen. I'll tell you one thing. If we approached our time with God with the same commitment we have for work, we'd get a whole lot further with God. If we said, guess what? I can only take two weeks off or 3 weeks or four weeks off a year from God. Can you imagine where we'd be if we said, "Every day I've got to go to God. Every day I've got to talk with God. Every day I've got to spend time with God." This is pastoral this morning. And I know it's not the main theme of our service this morning, but I just wanted to talk about that this idea of us getting so caught up in things that we can't even receive what God has for us cuz we're so tired out. We're so worn out. You know, I was talking to my daughter yesterday about the the meetings that they're down with brother Matt and sister Amber and their family and my daughter's there as well. And she was talking, she said, there was one theme that came out yesterday. She said that I so enjoyed and the preacher said, "We don't have to wait for the millennium to take away Satan's opportunity." I thought that was a wonderful thought because remember in the millennium, Satan is bound by chains of circumstance. In other words, he has no one that he can work with, no one he can work through. There's no one yielded to him. The and the preacher was saying, "Listen, we don't have to wait till the millennium to take away Satan's opportunity." Remember, we preached not too long ago that that we get to reign with Christ in our hearts over sin and the devil right now, today, by the Holy Spirit. That's our throne that we're in is that we are supposed to have authority over Satan inside of our life. Amen. And it's a beautiful thought that we don't have to wait till the millennium to defeat Satan. That we can rule and reign over him even this morning. Amen. He says we need to draw nigh unto God so he will draw nigh unto us, friends. That's right. He says, "But everything else has taken the place of the prayer meeting. Everything else has taken the place of the real spiritual worship." He says, "Oh, maybe two or three minutes in church." He says, "But I just love to lay and bathe before him in his presence." Don't you love that? Oh, he says, "Just lift up your hands and drink from the fountain until you just can't drink no more. Just bubbling over in his sweetness and his goodness." We sing that song, Sweet Hour of Prayer. Let me ask us this morning, how many of us have had an hour of sweet prayer in the last month? where you could go in, and I'm not talking about coming into church, but you could come into the presence of God in your home, in your car, wherever it would be, and you come out and you say, "I met with Jesus." That I came out refreshed. I came out strengthened. I came out encouraged. I came out corrected. I came out different than I went in. That's a sweet hour of prayer is not just going in and talking the whole time, but laying yourself before him in his presence and just letting him administer something to you. How long has it been since we waited for him to speak? David would say this. He says, "Wait on the Lord." And then he puts a colon there. That means give it some time. He says, "Be of good courage while you're waiting, and he shall strengthen thine heart." He says, "Wait, I say on the Lord." The prophet of God says, "The trouble of it is we don't stay long enough. We're not convinced." He says, "That's the reason our concern has left us. That's the reason we're so busy in the things of the world. That's the reason we're so unrestful." He says, "We're not yet thoroughly convinced." We think we are, but when you're thoroughly convinced, like the old brother said a while ago, something takes place. He says, "When you're really convinced, then you're concerned." Let me put it this way, church. Your concern is shown by where you put your energy, where you put your time, where you put your energy, your your efforts, where you put your thought. And if we're giving God the drags of our time, I'll tell you what, we're not convinced of the benefit of our relationship with Christ this morning. Remember church, a tithe was always given first. It didn't matter if you got 30fold one year or 100fold year. You always gave God first. And then whatever was left, you said, "Lord, I'm going to trust that that's enough for me and my family. Tithe was not an option. We're not I'm not preaching about tithes this morning. I'm talking about time. I'm talking about energy. I'm talking about where we're giving our focus. Is a tenth going to Christ? And is it going first? And then we say, "Lord, I'll take whatever's left and I'll put that into all these other things." We do that, church, I guarantee you we'd see some bigger results in our life. We'd see a closeness. Amen. Tell you what, go try and marry somebody that you're only giving time to when you're tired at the end of your day. We got a couple singles here this morning. Can you imagine if somebody was trying to marry Sister Becky and he says, "I love you, Sister Becky. I want to marry you." And all he does is he talks to her at 11:35 at night, 5 minutes before he goes to bed when he's completely worn out. Do you think Sister Bettyy's going to fall in love with that? Becky's going to fall in love with that guy. Ain't no way. Ain't no way. She's not even going to know him. He's not going to know her. Why? There's no relationship. He might say he wants to, but his actions demonstrate something completely different. It's not going to work out. Amen. Remember the scripture says Jesus said, "What does it profit a man if he gain the whole world but lose his own soul?" Amen. If we want to have a relationship, if we want to have a marriage, church, there's got to be a relationship first. There's got to be a closeness that comes with it. Amen. That's your pastoral word for this morning. Last service, we talked about discernment. How that anything other than the word causes red flags to rise up. I was talking to some people after service about this idea of of when the spirit of God moves because the discerner is always the spirit. Remember, it's not me. It's not me that discerns. It's the spirit of God inside of us. Amen. And but it what does it do? It throws up those red flags and it just says, "Hold on a second. Just hold on a second." And if we'll just hold on a moment and give him some time to show us what's going on, he'll reveal what's happening. But remember, the discerner is the spirit. And and it's like a it's like a a radio where anything other than the perfect frequency causes a squealing or a patchiness. Now, we don't really deal with this anymore cuz everything's digital. It tunes itself digitally. But in the old days, do you remember we used to have the radio and you could turn the dial and you had to have this steady hand and you get to this point where you just get close and you could hear what was coming over the radio, but it wasn't perfect. The words might be a bit scrambled. It might squeal a little bit. It might be a little bit patchy. You could get most of the message or the idea, but you couldn't get the whole thing. And what you're looking to do is just get that perfect little adjustment that get and it lock right into that signal and all of a sudden you get it all clear. Now, see, the thing is, if you're out in the middle of nowhere, you're satisfied maybe if you can get almost all of it. But remember, the the scripture says we're supposed to live by every word. Amen. We've got to have a clear signal that's coming in. Amen. And so the spirit of God inside of us, if things aren't clear, if things are unsure, then it throws up a flag and it says, "Hold on a second. We've got to wait and see what this is. We've got to look at this a little more closely. Let's not say amen just yet. Let's see where this is going to go." Amen. And so we've got to have the Holy Spirit to raise those warnings because it's the Holy Spirit catching your attention. Saying, "There's more to this than you're realizing." There's more to this than you're realizing. We're speaking on the mind of Christ. And we see from our opening scripture what Paul said to Timothy. He says, "For God has not given us a spirit of fear, but he's given us a spirit of power and of love and of a sound mind." So the Holy Spirit is the spirit of a sound mind. We're preaching on the mind of Christ. We know it's the mind of Christ, this sound mind. But this word sound has a very special meaning. It means it is a disciplined mind, self-controlled. It is sensible having wise discretion. And now catch this last one. It says driving behavior that is suitable for the situation. Driving behavior that is suitable for the situation. In other words, the mind of Christ, this Holy Spirit will give us the appropriate response or reaction or action for every situation we're facing. Remember what Jesus said? He said, "Listen, you can't judge me because I'm only doing what I'm told to do. You don't get to judge me because it's the father telling me to do it. And you can't judge the judge." And that's what the spirit of Christ in us, the sound mind that we're talking about. Amen. It will cause us to live a life that reflects the word day by day in every aspect of our life. Amen. It's the living expression of Christ in his people. Brother says it this way. He says, "If you have the mind of Christ, Christ expresses himself through you and shows that it's him." He says, "Now some people under illusions of things go out and become insane." He says, "Well, we know that's wrong. That's the devil trying to impersonate the real thing before it gets here. See, always a bogus." He says, "But a real man is to lose his own thoughts and his own thinking, not come up blindly like that." We've seen that that many times where people will take something from the word. They'll they'll come up with a new doctrine of their own making or they'll build a church and a movement around it. They'll they'll go play with rattlesnakes in a church cuz Mark 16 says if they pick up a serpent or any deadly thing, it won't harm them. But we know that's insanity because Paul interpreted that scripture by a life experience. And Paul was walking around on an island that he'd been shipwrecked on, picked up some sticks, there was a snake in it, the snake bit him, and he just shook it off into the fire. And everyone was waiting for him to die. They said, "Well, he must be a bad person. He must be a real criminal cuz God's judged him by biting him." Then he shook the snake off into the fire. I just read this in my in my devotion, so I know I know the story very well. And they said, "Well, obviously he's a bad guy." And he shook it off. They're waiting for him to fall over. He doesn't fall over. And then they say, "He must be a god." Went from a criminal to a god. He says, "No, no, no. I'm just a man. I'm just a man." But that's the interpretation is that you don't go around inventing a situation for God to get you out of. You are not here to prove the word by making mistakes. Amen. That's we don't we don't tempt God by creating a situation then saying, "God, now get me out by your word." That's what Satan tempted Jesus with. He said, "Listen, do something that will require the word to be a reality in your life." Church, you know what you're supposed to do? You're supposed to live by the word to keep you out of those situations in the first place. And then if you stumble, if you fall, if you make a mistake, then that's where the word catches you. But we're not going around tempting God, saying, "God, I'm going to prove I'm a child of God by doing something I ought not to do and then trusting you to get me out." You know what he'll do? He'll let you learn your lesson and stay in there a while. We're not here to tempt God. Amen. People will go off the deep end on a single verse and not do the basics. And it's just a religious insanity. He says, "You come with your right senses. You come with your right senses." And Christ takes you over and expresses himself. He says, "And now when that happens," he says to the world, you're an insane person. And the church said, "Amen. We are insane to the world." He says, "But when Christ takes you over, he'll express that word right through you because it's who? It's him. He is the word." See, and then you can exceed the expression of Christ. He says, not some illusion of some sort, but a real genuine Christ expressing himself right through you. How beautiful. Let me put it this way. If it makes sense to the world, the life that we're living, then we're not living the Christian life. It's that simple. If uh if what we're doing and why we're doing it and how we're doing it makes sense to the world, church, we miss something somewhere because it's not the same. Amen. It's two very different things. We don't act by the same logic. We don't act by the same reason. We don't have the same drivers, the same forces in our life that get us to do things. Amen. And so our beliefs according to the world, they limit our opportunities. They limit our careers. They limit our fun. They limit our entertainment. They they limit just about everything. They look at what we believe as a limiting factor. And you know what, church? They're right. Praise the Lord. They're right. You know what it does? Because it limits pain. Unnecessary pain. It limits unnecessary scars. It limits unnecessary bruises and bumps. Amen. It limits unnecessary hardship. It doesn't put us into something of our own making. And it doesn't leave us there. That's what it limits. I've talked with many people in the church about the benefits of just doing what the word says. Even if you never get the Holy Ghost, just living according to the Bible will save you so much. It limits the damage. Doesn't put you into heaven, but it limits the damage. You'll live a better life down here if you live by the word, even if you don't have the Holy Spirit. Amen. Listen to what Paul said. We've read this before not too long ago. He says, "For they that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh, but they that are after the spirit the things of the spirit." He says, "For to be carnally minded is one thing, death." He says, "But to be spiritually minded is life and peace." See, they think it's limiting, but to us, it's life and peace. What a rest to know that you're secure in the arms of Christ because you're living under his word. You're living by his spirit. What a rest that ought to be when everything comes up. When all around my soul gives way, he then is my hope and stay. On Christ, the solid rock I stand. If you're walking with him, church, it's life and peace no matter what. Christians don't die. They just go from one place to another. We're not worried about these things. Paul said, "I've learned and whatsoever I have, therewith to be content." We're going to preach on that maybe next service to take that in. That's the mindset he talked about. He says, "But he says, because why does this work this way? Why is it death and life and peace?" He says, "Because the carnal mind is enmity against God, for it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be." Now that notice this sound mind is contrary to the carnal mind or the mind of the world. The scripture says the natural mind, the carnal mind is enmity against God. That word enmity means hatred, hostility, in opposition or an enemy. In other words, it will never completely agree with the mind of Christ. See, it may seem like it agrees, but it only agrees to a certain point. It may agree on what's to be done, but it'll do it with the wrong motive and the wrong objective. Because the carnal mind is always self- serving. It's about gratification. Amen. So, it will only go so far before there's a division in the road and you realize, oh, it's not the same as the mind of Christ. Amen. That's just the way it works. They can't work together. Listen to this. Brother says, "The church needs tonight not a soft hybrid something. Soft and flabby like the church is just make a confession, be baptized, and you're a Christian." Now, church, that's what pretty much everybody's preaching. He says, "To be a Christian is selfdenial." Self-denial. Deny yourself. Take up your cross. Follow me daily. He says, "Today it's so soft and people call themselves Christian when it used to mean death to confess Christ." He says, "And you had to depend on him daily for everything you had need of." See, the mind of Christ brings control to me. Sorry, the mind of the world, the carnal mind brings control to me. He says, "You don't realize back when it first started," he says they had to rely on him for everything. They're living in caves. They were living meeting in tombs. being killed for what they believed and the a and the church flourished under those conditions because the hardship weeded out those that weren't real. But now it's so comfortable that anyone can sit in a church and say, "I'm a Christian." He's saying it's about self-denial. Church, when's the last time we prayed for something and God said no. And we said, "Praise the Lord." When's the last time God said no, self-denial, not my will, but thine be done? We read this quote last service, but just to refresh our minds, Brother Bram said, I want the mind of Christ. That's what I want. He says, and it's very always contrary to the world. In other words, what the world thinks is appropriate is never going to be appropriate for us. What's the what's appropriate for the religious world is not going to be appropriate for us because this believer is led by the spirit of God and the world is led by Satan and that's it. There's only two forces. Jesus said either you are if you are not for us then you are against us. There is no neutral ground. There is no neutral party. There is no Switzerland. If you're not for us you are automatically against us. We're seeing what's happening with Israel. Are you watching what's happening? Israel's God's time clock church. Now we've got Canada saying we're going to recognize a Palestinian state. France, the UK, all that's left is the Americans. And we've seen what they'll do to their allies if they don't do what they want. I'm not here to preach politics. I'm saying it's later than we think. They are so close. They're down to one ally in this world that supplies them with a ton of weapons. Without the US church, they've got nothing but God. That's it. That's all they have. We are so close. Amen. We have no alliances in this world. We don't alliance with the we don't ally ourselves with the community or with the government or anything like that. And listen, church, there may be common points of agreement. I'm not saying they don't exist. Amen. But be I'm not saying that that there aren't even things that we could maybe do. But the simple fact is in the end they are not led by the mind of Christ. They're not led by the spirit. They are not. And so there's going to come a point where we might agree on something up front, but then there's going to be a divergence that always happy. And so we stay apart from it. We're pilgrims and strangers. Amen. We're not a part of these things. We're under a different mind. We have a different purpose. We don't partner with another church or another group of professing Christians just because they call themselves Christians. We don't do that. That's one of the hardest things. It's one of the most difficult things to do is work with a professing Christian. It's not that it's not what we call us that makes us Christians. The word Christian is so abused at this point it has no meaning. Unfortunately, somebody say, "Hey, I'm a Christian. You're a Christian. We can get along." No, that's not what's going to make us get along. Never works that way. It never works that way. It's the Holy Spirit that makes us Christians. It's the Holy Spirit that makes us sons and daughters of God. It's not going to church. It's not being affiliated with something biblical. That's not what makes us Christians and that's not what makes other people Christians. It's the Holy Spirit inside of us that makes us a Christian. It takes Christ to be a Christian. That's the test we apply. Listen to what brother Brandham says here now. He says, "What if I come to you and say, say congregation, who is your friend? Who shows the fruit of the spirit?" He says, "Your kind old priest." Who comes to you in the hospital when you're sick? Your gentle old priest. That's right. Who is it that always loans you some money when you're up against it in a tight place? He says, "You members of his congregation, don't you go to your kind old priest and he loans you money?" He said, "See, who is it that's always loving and kind and showing the fruit of the spirit?" He says, "Your kind old priest." We're talking about the mind of Christ now. And for the sake of time today, I didn't read the next I'm not going to read the next few quotes, but he would he would take a contrast now. And then he says, "But let's compare that with Jesus Christ." And he says, "And he goes in and he takes a whip and he cleans out the tabernacle. He cleans out the money changers. He cleans out people that have turned it into a place of business." He goes and he rebukes the ministry. He rebukes the people for their unbelief. He draws them to a place of repentance. He says, "Compare that to your kind old priest." He says, "But you would say that priest has the fruit of the spirit." He says, "Now where is the fruit of the spirit?" He says, "It's not by speaking in tongues. is not by dancing in the spirit, not by joining church. He says Christian signs can out smother any of you on that sea and deny even Jesus Christ was divine. He says it's not that. He says, but it's the word living. He says there it is. If they'd have only looked, he was Messiah. He was the living word made manifest. See, we we made it so that if someone is like-minded, we can work with them. We can join an allegiance. We can be in business with them, business with them, whatever it might be. If they say they're a Christian, we can say that's good enough for me. Amen. At least they recognize Christ, we would say. But church, to be like-minded, we have to have the same mind. And that's the mind of Christ, which means we have to have the spirit of Christ as well. To be like-minded, church, we have to be spiritfilled. That's the only way it works. It's the only way that it works. Otherwise, it's not like-minded. The Holy Spirit gives us the mind of Christ, which yields us to the word, and that's the way that it has to work. Jesus said, "How can two walk together unless they agree?" And the thing is, okay, we agree on on who Christ was, and we might agree on water baptism. We might agree on this, that or the other. The basics of salvation, but church, usually the basics of salvation aren't even all the way. They don't even understand what the Holy Ghost is. They don't even understand what it means to have the Holy Ghost. And so, you can only go so far. And then you come up against a block. And then, what do you have to do? Do you have to choose relationship with Christ or relationship with that person? Not that you turn them away, but you can only go so far in your fellowship. And how many of us have h have friends that are in denominations and these different things and the thing is you come up against the point and then you got to stop and you keep trying to go forward and they've got a block there, a denominational block, a doctrinal block cuz they've believed everything they're going to believe. And so you have to keep moving on. Now you can have fellowship about those things. I heard a guy say not too long ago, he says, "Listen, if you love somebody and somebody else is talking about that same person, you're okay with listening to them talk about that person you love. I can listen to somebody preach on justification that's not in this message. It's a simple message. Nothing wrong with it, but they're not going to get me in a rapture." There's a word that keeps moving. There's a relationship. There's a revealing that's keeping on happening. Amen. You go listen, I think it was Alistister Beg uh did uh did that that uh that sermon about the thief and he and he goes up to, you know, that died on next to Jesus and he went up to the gates of heaven. They said, "Where are you from? Your name's not here. What makes you think you can get in?" He says, "The man in the middle told me I could get here." Tremendous sermon, tremendous servant on the salvational aspects of the Bible. What a wonderful ministry, but he can only take you so far. Can only take you so far. Amen. What's going to happen eventually is that their mind's going to butt up against your mind. Yours the mind of Christ and theirs is a different mindset. It's not the mind of Christ. It's not going all the way with God. Brother Ram says it very clearly. He says, "We are not the same." You are a separated people, holy unto the Lord, dedicated to the word and the spirit of God to do what? To bear fruit of his promise of this day. Usually what they're doing is they're dwelling on the promise of a latter day. And it wasn't that God wasn't in it. He was. You go read through your church ages. God working in Martin Luther, God working in Wesley. Spiritfilled men of God. Nothing wrong with it. But it kept moving. It kept moving. He says, "And you're not of them." He says, "I know that's awful strong, but that's the truth just the same. you're dedicated to a service in this last days, come out from amongst it. Like I said, that's one of the stickiest traps for for a believer today is working with a professing Christian because they'll say, "Well, I don't do that and I don't do that, but I do this and I do that." And what are you led into? Immediate conflict. Because there's a disagreement on the word. Two can't walk together unless they agree. That makes us stand out to people, not just church people, but everyone. I remember when I was in Dallas and we've been there for about a year and a half and and uh we felt led to go help with a church that was being uh set up there in in East Texas and and uh the job where I was, I was working uh with the chief engineer. He was he he had taken me under his wing. He was mentoring me for his position. He was going to retire in a few years. And so I was going to be the chief engineer of that firm, a big firm, big dollars, big bonuses every year, all of these different things. And I was talking to him and he said, ' Listen, I don't understand why you're doing this. He says, 'You've got an opportunity here. That company later sold for $228 million if I'm not mistaken. Big exit. He says, "I don't understand this. You're throwing away a big opportunity." And I says, "I've got to serve God while I can." I said, "And I feel led to do this. We're going to help with the church." And we probably talked for 15 or 20 minutes. and we had gone on a road trip and we were we were kind of walking back from where we were in out in the field and he was just walking real slow. He wasn't walking fast. Get the car. He was just real slow cuz he wanted to talk this out with me. He wanted to convince me to stay. And I just said, "Listen, we're doing this. We're doing this. It's the way it's going to happen." But he couldn't wrap his head about that. And I know that God used that opportunity for me to heavily prepare me for ministry. That was a hard hard time of my life. But I'll tell you, church, the principles that God anchored in my soul there have kept me through so many storms ever since. If I didn't go there, I couldn't be a pastor today. That's the way God's got to work in those things. Amen. See, a sound mind is a crazy mind to the world. It's a crazy mind to the world. I told you before working in BC there, that company I left, I was in line to be the president, hundred million dollar company. I was a chosen one, literally picked for that role. And then God called me to come here. And guess what? I don't get to run a $100 million company anymore, but I get to preach his word. I get to serve in the kingdom of heaven. That's a wonderful thing. There's great contentment in that. Great contentment. The amazing thing, church, is you can make all the money in the world and have all the opportunity in your career, and it won't satisfy you if God's got something better. It won't do it. You'll find yourself absolutely wondering where your where your contentment is and where your rest is. It doesn't work. I'm a witness of that. Sound mind by the scriptures crazy to the world. Brother Brandon here, he's speaking of Abraham and Sarah about God trusting them to give them a baby even in their old age. He said, "What do you think a doctor would say today if an old man 100 years old and his wife 90 went down to the doctor's office and said, "Doctor, I want you to make arrangements at the hospital for my wife's going to have a baby." He says, "Why? You know that you know what they do to that man? They'd say he was crazy." He says, "That's the same thing they say about anybody who takes God at his word. They say they're crazy when they're led by the spirit, but sons of God are led by the spirit of God." He said, "And the spirit of God will always bear witness of the word being the truth." No matter what people say, the word's right. He says, you see it, he says, "Oh, I love the word." Faith has to anchor on the word what God says. That means we're going to be open to criticism, wagging heads, wagging tongues, all sorts of things said about us behind our back, sometimes to our face, as the case may be. Amen. But like I said earlier, if our life makes sense to the world, we're not living a Christian life. We're not living a Christian life. People love our results so many times. I've shared with you and you've shared with me how you talk to people at work or clients or these different things and people love the the things you have going on. Somebody told me the other day his neighbor came up and he said, "Boy, you got such a wonderful thing happening with your family and your kids." Church, that's a great testimony to have cuz that man's had trouble in his life. And he's looking at what you have and he's looking what he has and he says, "Boy, I wish I had that." That's a testimony that we ought to have. Amen. But they can't grasp the idea that you can't get godly results without God. They don't think it's God. See, they just think you're doing it different. But it's God. It's the grace of God. It's the word of God being right, showing itself in our life that gives us these things inside of our lives. And it's us staying with it that keeps the results coming. It's us staying with it that keeps the results coming. Amen. It's amazing though how no matter what we do, we face criticism. Amen. spiritfilled, spirit-ledd people are always going to face criticism. It's the way that it works. Amen. Both from the world and from the religious realms. Look at Jesus now. He was dealing with this and he says, "For John the Baptist came neither eating bread nor drinking wine." And you say he had a devil. So John limited himself. He he kept himself back from certain things. And they said, "Well, John's got a devil." He says, "And then the son of man comes. Jesus comes eating and drinking. And you say, "Behold, a gluttonous man and a wine bber, a friend of publicans and sinners." So Jesus comes and starts to lives a normal life, we would say. And they say, "Well, he's got a devil, too. You can't win. If you don't do it, they call you devil. If you do it, they call you devil." He says, "But wisdom is justified of all all her children." That word justified means wisdom is acquitted. She is rendered innocent. She is proved and approved by all of her children. In other words, the results prove whether what you said was wisdom was really wisdom. Like I said, today they keep changing the idea of how we should raise our kids. They're changing it constantly. And guess what? The fruit show none of it is wisdom. But we raise our kids in a certain way. And people call it old school. They say it's too much. It's overbearing. But guess what? It has results. Cuz wisdom is proven of all her children. We've got a lot of people selling, and that's usually what it is, selling ministries and programs and ideas, and they're always promising a result, right? We've got a three-step program to get slim. I saw one the other day, a a 40-day program to get away from pornography. We got Dave Ramsey selling a a sevenstep plan to financial peace. We've got 30-day programs to build muscle. And everyone is selling something and their proof is it worked for me. Isn't that what they say? Nobody selling fitness is doing it as a chubby person. They're all ripped and muscular and lean or whatever it is, right? But the reality is they aren't usually doing what they told you. They're doing way more. If it's in the fitness world, it's usually heavily medicated. They're doing all sorts of things to keep themselves in a certain condition. They're not doing their program. They're doing their program plus a whole lot of other things to stay in a way that makes you think that what they're doing will work. But one thing I've learned, some of it by personal experience is that results vary and sometimes don't happen at all. Amen. We're all built different. Our bodies aren't the same. Our situations aren't the same. Our options aren't the same. And as much as we'd like to believe we can look like that person, get what that person has, the simple truth is most of the time we don't. We don't. Anybody ever gone on a diet and didn't become as slim as the person that was that was advertising it? Sisters, don't raise your hands. Men ever go to the gym and think that you were going to come out at the end of it looking like Arnold Schwarzenegger? No. None of us have. It doesn't happen that way cuz they're doing way more than we're doing. They're doing way more than we're doing. And a lot of them are built special. They're freaks of nature. And I'm saying that in a good way. They're blessed with great genes and a body that works really well. Amen. So what do we do? We'll get some results, but we won't get their results. We'll get most of the way, but not all the way. We'll get better, but we won't get what? A complete change. But there's one thing that always works. There's one thing that always works, and it's the word of God quickened by the spirit. It always works. Scripture says that some bring 30fold, some bring 60fold, some bring 100fold, but it always works. Some of us have a little more. Some of us have a little less. But it always works. It always produces itself. True wisdom works all of its time. Jesus said, "All of wisdom's children are proof that it was wisdom in the first place." Amen. We're not here to sell this word. It's free. It's free. You don't have to pay tithe to me to get the word. We'll give you whatever we have, but you got to accept it. You've got to accept it. And the thing is, nobody trusts a free gift these days. Nothing's free, but the word is free. It's free to you. Now, there's a price to pay after you take it. But the reward is always worth it. People that day, they looked at John the Baptist, they said, "He's got a devil." They looked at Jesus, said, "He's got a devil." And what' they do? They turned back to their synagogues. They turned back to their scrolls. They turned back to their priesthood. And it took them down a road to religious hell because they didn't recognize what was in the middle of them. Remember how we said a couple services ago that the church is built on the revelation of Jesus Christ? It's not just built on Christ. It's built on the revelation of Jesus Christ. Why? Because Jesus Christ is God revealing himself in many ways through time and history. We see Jesus 2,000 years ago, but we miss him today. If we do that, we're building on something that's done and gone. Amen. We're not building on the present. We're building on the past. If I can put it this way, we're building on the I was, not the I am. You can't build on yesterday's experience, church. Can't build just on yesterday's revelation. You got to keep building. You got to keep going. Amen. And that's always the challenge for every age is can you catch God revealing himself right then rather than catching it in hindsight. Amen. Will you catch his word? Will you catch it while it's happening rather than after it's said and done? church. I don't want to realize the rapture's happened after it's happened. I want to be the rapture. I want to be the the witness and the testimony that God has had a bride that will come out of this age that will overcome and sit with him in his throne. I want to be in it. Amen. We read that quote about the fruit of the spirit and people think it's the kindly old priest or the lovely little person, but the answer is the fruit of the spirit is where the word of the hour is being produced. And it'll do it with the right attitude. It'll do it with a right response. Amen. Lots of people can be nice and can be observed as the fruit of the spirit, but you'll find when the word of God comes along, suddenly the attitude changes. Suddenly they aren't so nice. They aren't so willing. They aren't so gracious. Why? Because the word puts them in an uncomfortable position and they react poorly. What do they do? They persecute the real church. They look down at us. Amen. The fruit of the spirit is the result of the life of Christ in us. It's the result of the Holy Spirit and it absolutely is shown in our life. Amen. We read that that that that sound mind is is the one that is approved and accepted with behavior suitable for the situation. But we think so many times that means we've always got to be soft and gentle and loving. Amen. But other times we know that it is straight and it is hard. Amen. It is it cuts to the core because the mind of Christ remember it not only blessed the little children and had this beautiful uh sermon on the mount and the biatitudes but it also went in and it called the priests vipers and snakes and it whipped the people out of the temple and it was all the love of God. It was all the fruit of the spirit. Amen church. Did Jesus have the fruit of the spirit? He was the fruit of the spirit. Amen. He he he was the the very production of the word itself. Amen. But love doesn't God's love doesn't always look like love to the carnal mind. And that's the rejection that we face so many times. Amen. That that he can preach the beautiful sermon one day and heal the entire crowd one day and he can bless the children and the next he can come in and he can cut us to the core because we're not where we ought to be. Because we're not feeding our faith. Because we're not doing what he asked us to do. Amen. Remember, love means love of God. And the love of God is not the same as everything else. The love of God is the only thing that will help us love people the right way. And it comes with the mind of Christ to do what is acceptable in God's eyes in every situation. Now, that's the scripture speaking of Jesus Christ 2,000 years ago. And most people can recognize him 2,000 years ago, but let me tell you, many of them still don't recognize truly who he was then. They didn't. And if you can't recognize them then, church, you're not going to recognize them today. If if you know they say hindsight's 2020, but if you can't see in hindsight, what's the opp what's the chances you're going to see today? If you can't see what God's done, if you can't see the pattern, then you're not going to see the pattern today except God by grace would open your eyes. Amen. They see a man, they see a prophet, they see a a second person of the Trinity, but they don't see the word made flesh. And church, I've heard it and seen it. Amen. And they can't even recognize that he was the literal word. And so they will criticize Jesus. I'm telling you, I've seen it and I've heard it. Not in this message, by God's grace. But they call him misogynistic. They call him racist. They call him sexist and all sorts of things. I have heard so-called preachers correct Jesus Christ from the pulpit. Church, if you're going to correct him back then, what are the chances you're going to receive him today? It's not going to happen. Amen. Remember, Christ means what? the anointed one. It means the anointed one. Christ was the anointed word for that time and season. Watch what the Bible says now and we're starting to close. He says, "In the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God." Church, that's the pattern. What? This is a beautiful pattern. And we're not going to get there today, Brother Grant. We're going to get there a little bit away, but you stay with me. You come back Wednesday, we'll get there. The pattern is the word is with him and then the pattern is the word becomes him. Oh, I could run. I could run. When the word was with him, that's when time started because it was a thought and then it was spoken and it became the word. And when he spoke the word, time began. Okay? Before that was eternity. But he spoke the word and it came into existence. It was with God. It was in his mind. And then he spoke it and it became a reality. Reality. And God stepped into the reality of his own word. He wrapped himself with his word reality. That's what happened there. Okay. But now we're going to skip for the sake of time all the things he says next. But then we're going to go to twe 12. And now he says, "As many as received him, who the word as many as received the living word, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name." So it's receiving the word that shows that we are sons and daughters of God. And it's the spirit of God that confirms that we are sons and god, sons and daughters of God, and that we actually receive the word for our day. If you if you believe the word and you don't receive the spirit, you haven't believed the word. You haven't received it. Because when you receive it, it will come in. The spirit of it will follow behind it. Amen. That's what shows that we've truly received and accepted the word of God. We receive it. That shows that we're a son of God. And then God confirms it by the spirit in our life. He says, "Now which were born, we were born not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God." We're not here by chance, by luck, by happen stance. We're here by the will of God. He says, "And the word was made flesh and dwelt among us." So, we got a pattern. The word is with God. The word was God. The word is made flesh. He says, "And dwelt among us, and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the father, full of grace and truth." So, see, we can look 2,000 years ago and we can see that the word was made flesh in Jesus Christ. It's the living word anointed by the spirit of God. That's what what and who Christ was. Amen. So that means if the pattern holds true that Christ is the anointed word today. Can we say amen to that? The pattern is that Christ is the anointed word. The pattern can't change but the manifestation can change. The pattern can can't. The manifestation can remember what Jesus said. He said they said we are Abraham's seed. He says before Abraham was I am. and they tried to stone him. Why? Because before Christ came 2,000 years ago, there was a mazdc. There was a pillar of fire. There was a pillar of cloud. There was a wheel in the middle of the wheel. There was a stone that the builders have rejected. There was a burning bush. There was an angel of the Lord. And it was all God revealing himself. Amen. And what? Only a few people caught it. Abraham caught it on the plains of memory. Lord, Lord. Just a man walking in flesh. And he says,"Lord." And the Lord said, "Shall I reveal to Abraham what I'm about to do? I personal pronoun God in flesh. See the pattern. See the manifestation. Don't look on the outside. You got to look what it produces. You got to look what it produces." Church, the shell fools everyone. It fooled everyone in Jesus day. Don't look at the shell. Look at the fruit. Buy the word. Judge it accordingly. Amen. Let's bring it down to our selves tonight as we start to this morning as we start to close. Listen to what Paul says. He says, "Ye are our epistle written in our hearts, known and read of all men." In other words, Paul's saying, "You are the word that I've been preaching." Church, this is such a beautiful thing. We've talked about this before, how that the Corinthian has to become the Ephesians. First Corinthians is all judgment, isn't it? You guys are messed up. You're doing this. You're doing that. I hear this is among you. I hear that's among you. Find it hard to believe. Here's how you fix it. But then he comes back in second Corinthians. He says, "You're the word I've been preaching about." That shows there's hope. Hallelujah. There's hope for every one of us. I don't care how backsliden we are, how fallen we are, how messed up we are. There's hope that we can go from a first Corinthians to a second Corinthians and into an Ephesians. Amen. He says, "For as much as ye are," this is a beautiful phrase, "m manifestly declared to be the epistle of Christ minister by us, written not with ink, but with the spirit of the living God, not in tables of stone, but in fleshy tables of the heart." What's writing this story, church? Hallelujah. What's writing the story? It's not me. It's the spirit of God inside of me. And it's writing the word out in our lives. Paul says, "Ye are manifestly declared." That that phrase literally means, "You are the revelation. You are the evidence. You are the appearance." Church, what are we this morning? Paul's saying, "You are the revelation, the evidence, the appearance of the gospel of Jesus Christ." Paul said, "You're it. We don't need to give letters of commendation. We don't need to to show who we're affiliated with. All they have to do is look at you as proof of our ministry." Wisdom is known of all her children. When you preach the word, it produces word children. He says, "You people are proof. You're what I preach. You become the word that you received, church. This wasn't over the period of 15, 20 years. This was quick within a year that they received the word of correction from Paul. And he says, "Now you've become the word." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He says, "And a man that's got the spirit of God in him or a woman," I love how he adds it in. Sisters, you're not left out. lives that word lives right out in them. There's your evidence of the spirit. You live the word. You produce the word. He says that's the heartbeat, the predestinated for the word of the Lord comes to them. And he says they are the word to the people. They're written epistles read of all men. See, church, our our our confession, our testimony, our witness is that we are the word, not just that we believe the word. You see the difference? Cuz remember what Paul said. He says, "Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed?" The believing is essential. Without belief, you can't receive it. But once you believe it, has he come in and confirmed it in your life and started producing the very thing that you're talking about. Everyone's saying they believe it. But how many are it? Let's look in the mirror of the word this morning. Say, "Lord, am I your word this morning, or am I just believing it?" If you're believing it, don't stop. Keep believing, but don't let it just stay at believing. Say, "Lord, let it become a reality inside of my life." Amen. It's not just good people. It's not just nice people or wouldn't harm a soul people, but it's people that are living out the word for their day. It's the word of God revealed. It's the evidence. It's the appearance of Jesus Christ today. That's who we are. That's who we are. That's what we're preaching. That's what this whole series on the Holy Ghost is about is to bring us to this point and not just say we've received it, but we've become it. We're going to get into this. Brother Bram said when he looked at that end time bride walking up, he said she was the word. Not just she believed it. Not just she went to a message church. She was the word. That's the transformation, church. That's the transformation we're talking about. Paul says this, "Whereof I am made a minister according to the dispensation of God which is given to me for you to fulfill the word of God, even the mystery which had been hid from ages and from generations." This is the hidden mystery all through scripture. See, Christ was hidden there, but so was the bride. He says, "But now is made manifest to who?" His saints. Remember, we talked about this before. There's a mystery of godliness and there's a mystery of iniquity. And both of them are revealed in the so-called church. Amen. They're both within the confines of professioning Christianity. But here's Paul says this beautiful mystery, the good mystery is being revealed and it's happening now to the true believers. He says to whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles. Church, here's our heritage. This is our birthright right here. This is our promise. This is our word. It is which is Christ in you. The hope of glory. The hope of glory means the expectation of glorification. That's a sermon in itself. Remember what Jesus said. He said, "Father, glorify me with the glory that I had before." &gt;&gt; What was it? The word was with God. The word was God. God stepping down into his word. stepping down into his word. That is our glorification. Amen. God doing what? Stepping into his word bride to restore her back to her original condition that she had before the foundation of the world. Because the word was with God. The word was God. The word was made flesh. Amen. He says this. So believers of the word and the spirit must be one. Believers, the word and the spirit are absolutely one. You don't do your own thinking. You don't use your own mind. He says, "Isn't that wonderful? The mind that was in Christ is in you. The mind is in Christ. And you'll take the word just like he did because he was the word." Now catch this. He says, "And the mind of Christ in you. You are the word. You're God's living word, representatives of him here on earth." That's right. continuing the work. He says the church should be that way. And when so the Bible is manifested again like in the early days of the disciples, he says just like the disciple, the Bible is living again in you, church. We're getting to some heavy stuff now. Deep waters. We got to let go of the shoreline. Say, Lord, let your word be born. Lord, let it grow. let it rise up into this. But the thing is, church, it is so simple. It's not a show. It's not a public show. It's a humble, victorious Christian walk. It's the overcomer. It's the overcomer. Amen. This isn't just a lifestyle. This isn't just a community. This isn't just a church body. It's not just a group of of really good people. We have those and we're thankful for church, but we're moving way beyond that. Amen. In this final age, we're so far beyond a nice community. We're so far beyond it. We are the word. We are the word. Amen. That's not our identity. All those other things. Watch this now as we close this out. And this is where we'll pick up on Wednesday evening, Lord willing. Revelation 1 says, I am. We're speaking of the I am. I am alpha and omega. the beginning and the ending, sayeth the Lord, which is, which was, and which is to come, the Almighty. Now remember, the church is built on the revelation of Jesus Christ. Amen. The book of Revelation is the final revealing of Christ from start to finish. Amen. It's the whole thing. He says, now notice when and where he identifies himself. He doesn't say, "I'm the beginning to the ending." He says, "I am I am the beginning and I am the ending. Not everything in between." Amen. It's Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. And he only fully identifies himself as the I am at the beginning and at the end and not in between. His full identification is at the beginning and it's at the end. Amen. So the beginning is the first church age under Paul. &gt;&gt; Amen. And what do we have then at the end? We have a further what a a a a restoration that comes under that Elijah message in the final church age. And that is the last revealing of Christ. She is the last voice to the last age. Amen. He only says I am to those two groups. &gt;&gt; That's it. That's the word. Amen. Doesn't mean he wasn't shown in the others. Doesn't mean there weren't reflections of him there. Church, you look at those those uh messengers to the church ages. They were powerful men in many cases. My wife and I were talking about Martin the other day and so I went and looked at the works that he did. Raised people from the dead three different times. Came up to a castle. They wouldn't let him in. And the the spirit told him to lay down and pray. And he did. And the doors came open. Tied himself to a He said, "I'll tie myself to a tree to the heathens and said, "You chop it down, and if it doesn't crush me, then you'll listen to my message." They said, "We've got you now." They tied him to a tree that was on a hill that was leaning. And they tied him on the downside. They chopped the tree down and it fell up the hill and crushed them the heathens. Oh, it's not that God God's always had a witness, but his identification is the first and the last, the beginning and the ending. Amen. But in the end, there's a restoration that happens. That's Malachi 4:6. It's Matthew 17:11. It's Revelation 10:7. And Jesus Christ is identified and revealed one last time. Now, here's the thing. He did it through a prophet. And we all say, &gt;&gt; "Amen." But it didn't end with a prophet. The prophet is not the bride entire. &gt;&gt; Listen, according to the word, there has to be at least four other people in the bride because he's got a five-fold ministry. But we Paul Paul's talking to the leoty. And he says, "Ye are our epistle. You are the mystery of God being revealed. you, not just me, praise the Lord, not just brother Grant as a minister, not just brother Jill, but the whole group of the bride is the revelation of Jesus Christ for this day. Burbam says it this way, and it's our final quote. He says, "And the real church is what we have real this morning." Is it real? He says, "The real bornagain people of this age, they're filled with the Holy Ghost. They are the typost of this scripture that's got to be fulfilled in these last days. Church, let me before I get to that great line. What is a typost? It is that which does not move no matter what. We are the typost because we will not leave the word. &gt;&gt; We will not leave the word. He says, "And when they do that," he says they are the ultimate. I don't even know how he said that about little old you and I. But he says they are the ultimate. Why? Because it's God's ultimate because it's his word and the word is Christ the type. He says there's no way to get away from it. It's something that holds you. Something holds you. So you won't move. It's not me that's holding on. It's him that's holding on. It's Christ anchored in my soul. the engrafted word. When it's engrafted, that means you can't get it out. Paul says it's written in your heart by the spirit. When it's engraved in, church, when something's engraved, you can't get it out. It's there. It's there. It's written in something that cannot be changed. Amen. He says the real bornagain people filled with the Holy Ghost are the typost of the scripture. They are the fulfillment. They are the ultimate because the word speaks through their life. Amen. Can we say praise the Lord this morning? &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's stand together. Amen. It's not me. It's not you. He says it's the living word. It's the living word in us. It's the spirit of God working through us. And we're not taking anything to ourselves. That's the beauty of this. I could not say this of myself. I would not dare to say this about myself. That's why I needed a prophet to say, "You are the word made flesh." Because people won't do it today. They won't do it. They'll put it all on Christ, but they forget that Christ has come down. The word was with God. The word was God. The word was made flesh, and they can't see him coming down and being flesh all over again. That they could be the word for their day. We're just yielding ourselves. Remember, he said that the Christian life is self-denial. We're dying out. We're laying it down. Amen. And letting the spirit of God work through us. What's it going to do? It's going to produce a bride. That is the word. That's what she is. Amen. Listen, what was Christ? He was the word fulfilled. And if we are bone of his bone and flesh of his flesh, Brother Grant, we've got to be the word. You can't come out of the word and be anything else but the word. But there's got to be a restoration to bring us back and join us together. Amen. It's the spirit of the living God quickening this message for our age. Amen. What do we do, church? Receive it, believe it, wrap yourself in it, and let the spirit of God go to work. That's all it is. It's so simple. Let me tell you this. How you going to get dressed in the word? The bride has made herself ready. We talked about this. How long does it take a bride to get ready? Oh, she's not ready in in 15 minutes. That's for sure. No, sir. That's just the toenails. It takes a while to get the bride ready cuz everything's got to be perfectly in place. The hair's got to be right. The dress got to be right. The veil's got to be right. The nails got to be right. The clothing has to be right. The smell has to be right. Everything has to be right. But what's she doing? She's just adding it bit by bit by bit. And it produces this beautiful bride. Amen. We're just getting dressed a little bit every day. Amen. And it's doing a work inside of our lives. I want to encourage you, make it a daily effort. That's our portion. We've got to make ourselves ready. He has provided everything we have need of, but we're the ones that have to choose to wrap ourselves in it. Amen. I pray God help us to wrap ourselves in his word day by day. That people could look at us and they can see Christ. They can see Christ. Amen. That's that's our goal, isn't it? That they'd see Christ in us. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Lord Jesus. Lord, this message. What a wonderful thing we've received. Lord God, there's things that your prophet said that I just can't barely fathom. Lord, that we would think we have some sort of audacity to say these things, but Lord, it's not us. Lord, it's what you said about us. It's what Paul said about us, Lord. And we're not preaching these things because William Brandham came. We're preaching them because Paul came. And William Brham by the spirit pointed us back to Paul's full message, Lord God. Lord. So, we're not just preaching a prophet's message from today, but we're preaching the eternal word of Jesus Christ, the gospel of Jesus Christ, Lord, with power to change us, to make us into little Jesus Christ. It's a bride, Lord, that's wrapped in your word. Lord, we are so thankful for what we've got today. Lord, I pray you help us not to, Lord, just disdain it or or or to in any way minimize it, Lord. But, Lord, that we take full stock of what you've given us, Lord. that you've given us a rapturing message. Lord, you've given us a rapturing spirit. Lord, we've just got to surrender to it. Lord, I pray you lift our eyes higher, Lord. That when Satan comes in like a flood, when Satan throws these temptations our ways, Lord, that we would say, "Not today. My eyes are set a little higher. I'm headed to a higher plane, I'm living in a different place now." Lord, I pray you give us strength to resist. Lord, your word says if we resist the devil, he'll flee. Lord, I pray you give us strength and courage to resist day by day. Lord, to keep our eyes set on you, Lord, grant us grace. We pray, remembering these many prayer requests, Lord, for the Wiff family in Victoria, Lord, little Jack going in for surgery tomorrow. Lord, those that are traveling, Lord, praying your mercy and grace to them, each one, Lord, we take our camp, Lord. You know our heart's desire. We put so much time and effort into it, Lord. Brother Paul and Sister Kimberly in particular, but Lord, we commit it into your hands. You do all things well, Lord. We're asking for your grace, Lord, that regardless, we'd have a wonderful fellowship in your presence, Lord, and under the hearing of your word, Lord. Grant it now. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Make me more like thee. 98. Make me more like thee, Jesus. [Music] Make me more like thee. Oh, give me a heart that's filled with love and make me more like thee and show me Calary. [Music] Jesus show me calary. Open my eyes and mold my heart and show me calary. Oh, make me more like thee, Jesus. Make me more like thee. Just give me a heart that's filled with love and make me more like thee. Show me calary Jes. [Music] Oh, my heart and warm my heart and joy me calary. I give my mind completely to you, Lord. Fill me with your thoughts and make it all brand new and change my life. Let me live in all that's true. I just want to be like you. Change me and hold me. Teach me to be still, lead me, and guide me. Show me your perfect will. [Music] I give my mind completely to you, Lord. Fill me with your thoughts and make it all brand new and change my life. Let me live in all that's true. I just want to be like you. Change me and hold me. Teach me to be still. Lead me and guide me. Show me your perfect will. I give my mind completely to you. Lord, fill me with your thoughts and make it all brand new and change my life. Let me live in all that's true. I just want to be like you. I found it all. I found it all. I found it all when I lost everything and gave my life to serve a king. I found the truth that I've been searching for. I found it all. When I found the Lord, I found it all. that I lost everything and gave my life to serve a rising king. I found the truth that I've been searching for. I found it all. When I found the Lord, I found it all. When I lost everything and gave my life, &gt;&gt; I found the truth that I've been searching for. For I found it all when I found the Lord. I found it all. When I lost everything and gave my life to serve a rising king. I found the truth that I've been searching for. I found it all. When I found the Lord, Amen. Hallelujah. We're going to sing that song, Show Me Your Way. It's 11:57. And I'm going to ask Brother Grant to close in prayer if he would. Amen. Remember the prayer requests. Remember each other. Amen. That God would just have his perfect way in our lives. Amen. Remember each other. Remember the service. Amen. That God would lead and direct his perfect will. Amen. Let's sing it. Show me your way that I may walk. walk with you. Show me your way. I put my hope in you. For the cry of my heart is to love you more, to live with the touch of your hand. Stronger each day. [Music] Show me your way. Show me your way. that I may walk with you. Show me your way. I put my hope in you. For the cry of my heart is to love you more, to live with the touch of your hand. Stronger each day. Show me your way. Show me your way. I may walk with you. Show me your way. I put my hope in you. For the cry of my heart is to love you, Lord. to live with the touch of your hand. Stronger each day. Show me your way. [Music] Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. [Music] Thank you, Lord. Lord, with humble hearts, we come before your presence one more time. [Music] Thank you, Lord God, for this morning. for your presence, Lord God, that was felt on the hotterance of your word, oh God, that you have sent, Lord God, we're grateful for the grace that you have given us in this end time, Lord. [Music] Lord God, we know this morning, Lord God, that as we are being identified by the scripture, the word, Lord God, in our hearts inflaming us, Lord God, and we're feeling a touch, Lord, a call resonating from our soul, a reality that has been formed by the scriptures, something inside, Lord, telling us of our position in you, Lord. An affirming, Lord God, of what you have spoken, Lord. Lord, it makes us so humble, Lord God, to know that a sinner such as high, Lord, oh God, and it make us want to just love you more, oh God. Because Lord on one side there's so many weakness and failure. There's so many besetting. There's so many things that are there oh God. But constantly whispering say we're not worthy and surely we are not worthy of this blessing Lord. But Lord God, but because Lord of your grace this morning, we accept your word and we believe it Lord God with all our hearts Lord and Lord God and we accept it oh God upon the base of faith believing Lord God that every word that you have declared that it is thus said the Lord and it is the truth Lord and so God as we come in your presence Lord God we come with humble hearts We ask for this grace Lord God that will amount and it will unfold us Lord God to the position to which we are called Lord and all that stands Lord God Lord as an obstacle before us whether there be sickness Lord whether they oh God the weaknesses Lord God because there are so many things oh God that are in our lives Lord God that will take us away oh God from this objective for the the promises Lord God But this morning, God, we ask, Lord God, that you will help us, Lord God, to rise above these things, Lord. Lord God, and that you will bless us, Lord God. Lord God, for those Lord God, who are being challenged, Lord God, your the body of Christ, your people who have been challenged, there's so many sickness, oh God, there's so many need, there's so many things that are here this morning, God. But Lord God, as your word promise, Lord God, we're we're more than conqueror through him who have loved us. Lord God, the scripture declares that oh God, Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. That we are overcomers in this end time, Lord. And Lord God, Lord, the scripture declares it, Lord. And we accept, Lord God, your word. And so this morning, God, we present every need, Lord. the names that were mentioned, the ne the requests that were brought before your presence this morning, Lord God, may you come, Lord God, and and Lord God, where it seem impossible, where it seemed there's no way out this morning, oh God, the heart that is, oh God, bewailing, the the the cry, oh God, that is upon the heart this morning, Lord, the family, oh God, that is still bereieving, Lord, and all these things that I hear this morning, oh God, we believe this morning, God, that you're more than able this morning. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; Oh God. And as we cast our cares upon you, Lord, may may you come, Lord, and may you bless us, bless your people, Lord. Oh God, and Lord, my may, oh God, through these experiences, Lord God, it it brings us in a closer walk. May, oh God, Lord, our the highs of our understanding, Lord God, be open. And may we walk Lord God and in the faith Lord God and and may Father God we live Lord God an overcoming life. Bless us your people Lord. Hallelujah Lord God. And so this morning we surrender our lives one more time. We give oursel away to you this morning oh God that you bless us Lord. Oh God. Lord, we know this morning that we are not worthy of this great wonderful blessing. But Lord God, but we are grateful, oh God, that you have chosen us, Lord God, be before there was a stardust, Lord God. You you know our names. You brought us into it, oh God. You did all, oh God, and and here we are this morning standing, oh God, a recipient, Lord God. We we say thank you, Lord. We say hallelujah. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. bless his holy name, oh God. We're grateful, Lord God, that is your love that is keeping us. Uh we're grateful, oh God, that is your mercy this morning. Uh hallelujah. And so this morning, God Lord God, we may you fulfill every word as you promise it, Lord. Lord God, as we look to you this morning, we say thank you for hearing. Thank you for answering, Lord. Thank you for your many blessings. Lord God, as we look to you, Lord, and we say thanks in Jesus Christ's name, we pray and we say amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Praise God. Hallelujah. Amen. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music]
