################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-20 - 20240420 - Joy In The Morning - Bro. Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-20
Title:    20240420 - Joy In The Morning - Bro. Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 37m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lK9hMFR5sXE
========================================

Description:
Scriptures & Quotes: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1PCE62d0HQR_ydSFKB_YZUSeUo-0Jyxkp/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Bless the Lord. Oh my soul and all that is me. Bless his holy name. For he has done great things. He has done great things. He has done great things. Bless his holy name. Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his holy name. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his holy name. For he has done great things. Oh, he has done great things. He has done great things. Bless his holy name. For [Music] Heath. He has done great things. We have done great things. Bless. Amen. Let's sing goodness of God. I love you, Lord. For your mercy never fails me. And all my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up till I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Thank you, Lord. All my life you have been faithful. Hallelujah. All my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I made. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Lord, I love your voice. You have led me through the fire in the darkest night. You are close by no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. I have in the goodness of God. Glory to God. All my life you have been [Music] faithful. All my life you have been so so good. every breath that I am. Oh, I will sing of the newness of God. I love you, Lord. For your mercy never fails me. All my I'll be in your [Music] handh and I thank you Lord. Oh, all my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I [Music] am I love you. Thank you Lord. You have led me through the fire. You are. Thank you, Lord. I know you as a father. I am in the glory. All my life you have been angels. All my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I am [Music] Amen. Just want to thank everybody just on behalf of Brazil and I that helped with the uh program. A lot of work. It's been going on for months and u it was just such a team effort and uh Thank everybody enough so easy to work with everyone and just so helpful and willing and it just really uh made the load bearable for for all of us and my my deep gratitude for that. So I really appreciate it. Uh brother Stride uh turned 86 today. Just want to wish him a happy birthday. Sister Brenda turned uh 40 uh yesterday and uh Sister Cordella's birthday tomorrow also turning 40. want to celebrate that with her. Uh, Sister Laura Snow, she's coming through it. As we said, we just continue to keep her in prayer. Sister Kimberly's home today. Want to remember her in prayer. Also, Brother Abby, his foot flared up while he was here. They had to go home early. We just want to pray grace to them. It was real good to have him with us. And we just pray for the saints there as they traveled this morning. Also, again, Brother Nelson, just keep him on your heart. We were meeting by in central last week and just speaking with some of the Saints. We we didn't get a chance to meet with Nelson, but u he wasn't feeling well, but a couple of folks, different ones said that he's really uh you know, hurting his his leg and just his health and things. So, he really could these are our continued prayers. There's no specialists today that I'm aware. So, um let's uh let's sing that course again and then ask about Chad to open a prayer. All my life you have been [Music] faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I am able, I will sing of the newness of God. One more time as you come, brother. All my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I am, I will [Music] sing. lives. You've been faithful. Even in the times, Lord, we didn't deserve it. Where will we be, Lord, without the blood? Where will we be without your plan? The great redemption plan that you had, Lord, that could take a sinner like me, Lord, that could come amongst your people and praise your mighty name. Thank you. Thank you for being faithful. Thank you for being a never true presence in our lives, Lord. Lord, we want to take the time, Father, and invite you to welcome you. Be our honored guests, Lord, as we sit here today and worship you, glorifying you, and thanking you for all you've done in our lives, Lord. today. Father God, we just want to honor you, Lord. Lord, we thank you for Sister Cordella, Lord, Sister Brenda, Lord, as they celebrate their birthdays, Lord. And we just pray a special blessing for them, Father. Sister Brenda, Lord, a pillar of the church, Father. I I just pray that you do something real special for her, Lord. touch you, Father. Father Nelson, Lord, as he no doubt has some downtime with his pain and stuff, Lord, I pray that he uses that downtime, Lord, to commune with you, to talk with you, to walk with you, Lord, that you're ever speaking in his ear, Lord. Father, we pray for Brother Abby, Lord, Sister Laura, anybody I may have forgotten, Lord, we just want to put them before your throne this morning. as we praise your mighty name. Thank you for brother stride Lord. I pray father a special blessing for him as well. Thank you Lord Jesus Christ name 124 1243 There's a sweet and blessed story of the Christ who came from glory just to resue me from sin and misery in loving kindness and from sin and shame brought me. Hallelujah. Jesus ransom me. Oh hallelujah. What a savior. Who can take your lost sinner and lift him from fiery clay. Set him free. I will ever tell the story. Shout glory, glory, glory. Hallelujah. Jesus ransom me from the depths of sin and sadness to the heights of joy and gladness. Jesus lifted me in mercy pulled me with his precious bloody coffee. When I knew him not taught me in love divine me. Oh hallelujah. What a savior who can take a pull off s lift him from my reclaim set him free. I will ever tell a story. Glory glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Jesus ransom me. [Music] The sweet and blessing story. Jesus came to lift the lost and s into liberty. All glorious trophies of grace victorious. Ever more rejoice and here be below. Oh hallelujah. What a savior. Who can take a whole lo from fiery place set him free. I will ever tell the story. Shout glory glory glory. Hallelujah. Jesus ransom king. By and by with joy increasing and with gratitude once ceasing lifted up with Christ forever more to me. I will join the host singing in the ever ringing to the king of love who rest of me. Oh hallelujah. What a savior who can take a poor lost sinner. Lift him from firing pain. Set him free. I will ever tell a story. Shouting glory, glory, glory. Hallelujah. Jesus Christ me from the throne of heavenly glory. Oh, the sweet and blessed story. Jesus came to live the lost and sinful. into liberty of glorious grace victorious. Heaven rejoice and hear me. Oh hallelujah. What a savior. Who can take a whole lo and lift him from firing flame and set it free? I will never tell a story. Shouting glory, glory, glory. Hallelujah. Jesus strength of me. Oh hallelujah. What a savior who can take a boy lost in lift him from firing pain. Set him free. I will ever tell the story shouting glory glory glory hallelujah he's the friend of me let's sing 1209 When I come into this humble, I lift up my hands and I be here to work. worship. I worship him when I come into his presence. humble myself. All the victory he's won. So I praise him. I praise him and glory for all he's done for me. Redee has set me free. And because just because he's God for all he's done for me, redeemed. Glory. Thank you, Lord. [Applause] And because just because he's Godlujah. When I come into his presence, I humble myself. I lift up both my hands and I begin to worship. I worship him. When I come into his presence, I humble myself remembering what he's done. All the victory he's won. I'll praise God. Glory. I praise him. Thank you Jesus for all he's done for me. Redee has set me free. Because just because he's done for all he's done for [Music] me, redeemed me and set me free and become [Music] Just because he's got more time for all he's done for me, redeemed and set me free. And because just [Music] because 93 Father of life, seated on your [Music] throne, only by your mercy we are save. Lord, you have said if we call upon your name, we and our families will be safe. So we cry out your name should die. God of grace, Lord most high Jesus Christ. [Music] We rely on your grace [Laughter] head crown in grace. Lord most [Music] high Jesus Christ of love never failing to forive. Thank you Lord moment from you. We're only here to tell the world about your grace until the day you take us all away. So we cry out your name. El Shai, God of grace, Lord most high Jesus Christ. [Music] We rely on your grace at night crown in praise. Lord most [Music] high Jesus Christ. Oh, we cry out your [Music] name. El should die. God of grace, Lord, most high Jesus Christ. Amen. Thank you, Lord. A we on your grace help tonight crowned in praise Lord most high Jesus. One more time. And so we cry out your name, [Music] Elai, God of man. Thank you Lord. Oh Lord most high Jesus Christ. [Music] We rely on your grace at a night crown in praise. Lord, Lord Jesus Christ. 65. I give myself away. I give myself away. Oh, you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away. So you can use me. Here I am. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. I stand Lord my life is in your hands. Lord I long to see your Jesus reveal in me. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself [Applause] away. I give myself away so you can use me. Take my heart tonight. Take it, Lord. Take my life as I help us in all my dreams. Grand Lord. Oh, I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away. Take my life. Take my life. Hallelujah. What's that? What's that? I give myself away. I give myself away. You can give myself away. Give myself away so you can use me. Take my heart. Take my life as a living sacriice for all my all my plans. Lord, I place them in your hands. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. Hallelujah, Lord Jesus. Lord, this is the morning you rose, Lord. And when you rose, Lord, it was the spirit of God that raised you up, made you live again, Lord. And on the day of Pentecost, you sent that spirit back so it can make us live again. that we who were dead in our sins and trespasses, Lord, could be made a new creation in Christ by your spirit, heavenly father. And Lord, if there's one thing that spirit requires, it's a surrender. Lord, it's a laying down. It's a laying aside. Lord, we're here this morning to thank you for what you've done. To thank you that you're a living Christ this morning. But Lord, we need you to be a living Christ in me and in every person in this building, heavenly father. Lord, we don't just want to look to you as living. We want us to be living the same way, heavenly father. Lord, help us to surrender. Help us to yield, Lord. And in that yielding, may we rest on your word day by day, Lord. Trusting you to perform that which you promised to each one of us. Lord, bless this service. Bless this people, Lord, for their faithfulness, Lord. May you just minister this morning once again. We ask, Lord, have your way in this service. In Jesus Christ's name we pray it. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Turn if you would again to Psalm chapter 30. Psalms chapter 30. And men certainly enjoyed the the play in the program last night. It was absolutely wonderful. And uh it's a team effort. The team effort. And uh I certainly appreciate how Sister Priscilla and Brother Joe started this thing months and months ahead of time to give people time to get used to it and and kind of work our way into it and and I think it went off beautifully. You know, I don't think Levi missed the line last night, and he had a whole lot of lines in there. And I hate to say it, but I do think Satan stole the show. Amen. Brother Joe did a wonderful job there. But then afterwards, you know, I've been asked if maybe they could leave it up so I could preach under it today and just give everyone a break. And I said, I'd really prefer not to. And so everybody came in and they put their shoulder to the wheel and we got it taken down. I know it cost us an extra 45 minutes or so. But everyone was helping. Sister Cordella was back there taking down the bags and everything. The brothers helping things and brother Vichel was up here vacuuming. I said to the brothers, "He'll make a wonderful wife someday. He knows how to work that vacuum." So, everyone helped and and I just appreciate that from the youngest, the old Sean and Andrew were in here working. They don't have to. They're they're they're visitors, but they're in there. They wanted to put their shoulder to the wheel. So, I say God bless you to each one of them. And and I certainly enjoy the accents. I didn't know sister Lydia could speak like that. I didn't know a number of people could speak like that, including Elsa and Jensen and these different ones, but uh certainly a wonderfully done program. And God bless you. Trust it was a witness and a testimony, especially to those that were here. Amen. We're not here to put on a show. And I I said afterwards to some people, I said, "This wasn't entertainment. We don't do it for entertainment. We do it to worship God in the simplicity of the gifts that he's given us." And I thought that was just a perfect way to express it. So, God bless you. appreciate it. And the bar has been set. Hi, Sister Priscilla. So, we'll see what next year holds. Amen. Psalms chapter 30. Same scripture we wrote la read last service. It says, "Oh Lord, thou hast brought up my soul from the grave. Thou hast kept me alive that I should not go down to the pit. Sing unto the Lord, oh you saints of his, and give thanks at the remembrance of his holiness. For his anger endureth for a moment." That's what we preached on last service. He says, "But in his favor is life. Weeping may endure for a night, but joy cometh in the morning." Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats this morning. May God bless the reading of his word. And I want to take us from enduring the night of weeping now to joy in the morning. And the church of the living God said, "Amen. Joy in the morning." And we closed out Friday night in in Revelation 5 where John was told, "Stop crying, John, that the lion of the tribe of Judah has prevailed." And we want to look at that prevailing this morning. And I think you'll be able to see that we prevail because he prevailed. Amen. We overcome because he overcame. We're redeemed because he redeemed us. Amen. What he did is what we benefit from. He does it and we receive it and we benefit from these things. And we close on this thought last service that God doesn't ask us to do anything he doesn't do himself. Amen. And so we see that Jesus day his his last final as normal day on earth as a human as a as a typical man. He had to lay his body. He had to lay his soul. He had to lay his spirit on the line based on what the word said about him. He had to have faith in the word the same way that you and I have to have faith in the word today. He doesn't ask us to do something that he that he wouldn't. And he had to believe that that word was right, that that word was true, and that that word was for him. He had to identify himself in the word. He had to place himself there and say, "This is what the word says about me and therefore that's what the word is going to do for me." And he had to take it and he had to lay himself into that. And we see at the end of of his life that Jesus is still holding to the word. Now remember, the spirit of God left him in the garden of Gethsemane and the sins of the world came and they dwelt on him. And remember, God can't dwell in sin. I said this before, that ought to make us shut if we've received the Holy Spirit. Because if God can't dwell in sin, that means you're sinless this morning. But Christ took every sin of humanity on himself. The spirit of God left him and he faced those final hours, that final day as a man. No presence of God, no spirit of God, no supernatural strength. He faced it as a man. And he laid down his life for love of you and I. He held himself there as a man. There was nothing in him that took him through that except that his love for you and I held him to the whipping post. It held his arms on the cross for you and I. And he prevailed in those final hours as just a man. Praise the Lord. What kind of love does that have does that man have for us? But we see in the final hours, it says when Jesus therefore had received the vinegar, he had to do that because the scripture said they were going to offer it to him. After that he said, "It is finished." In other words, every part of the word that had written about been written about him up to his death, he had fulfilled it. Everything the word required of him, he had done it. And he said, "I've done it. It is finished." It says, "And he bowed his head and he gave up the ghost." And that word gave up means that he gave it willfully. In the original language, it shows that this was an act of will. It was not torn from him. He was not fighting to hold his life until the bitter end. But when the word was fulfilled, he says, "Now I give my life up." He said, "No man taketh it from me. I give my life." And so he gave it up himself. He voluntarily gave his life. And in that moment, he laid his life on the word and gave it away. We say we believe church, but when things come down and what's critical to us is on the line, that's when we find out if we really believe. Do we take the word or do we take the circumstance? Amen. When our life is on the line, how many of us has had our real life on the line? Not many. Not many have really had to lay our life on the line and say, "Though he slay me, yet I'll trust him." But that's the attitude of faith of the believer is that when our career is on the line, when our finances on the line, when our health is on the line, when relationships and family are on the line, will we say I'll stay with the word or do we cower and go to that thing which we hold more dear. See, it's when times get tough, we find out, do we really believe? It's in the trial that we find out if we really believe. It's easy to believe the word when everything's going great. It's easy to believe the word when you got your health. It's easy to believe the word when you've got a a stress-free life. But when things get difficult and you've got to give something up for that word, that's when you find out what do you value? What do you truly believe? And Jesus here is resting himself completely on the word of God. Church, he believes it so much. He's testified about it before it ever happened. He's told them, if you let if you kill this body, I'll raise it up in three days. Amen. He's testified that his body is going to come back. He's testified. I'm going to go back to the father. Church, that ought to be our attitude every day is that we can testify of the victory before we have it. Why? Because the word says it. I was listening to brother Ron Spencer last night before I went to bed and he was preaching at Louisiana Youth Camp and he said, "We've got to be able to testify." It was in my notes before I heard him. He said, "We've got to be able to testify before we receive it." Remember the scripture says of the saints, it says they overcame by two things. The blood of the lamb and the word of their testimony. What is the word of your testimony, church? It ought to be this. By his stripes, I am healed. That he's healed my broken heart. He's delivered me from myself. If we can't testify about it beforehand, we don't believe it. And brother Ron Spencer was saying, he's saying, I've testified for five years that I am healed from cancer. five years of stage four cancer. He said they took out a tumor from the back of my brain. They said I wouldn't walk. They said I had four months to live. He says five years later I'm cancerree. But I had to testify that I am cancer free before I ever became cancer-free. The testimony doesn't take you out of the test. The testimony takes you through the test and then at the end you say his words are faithful and true. That's the heart and that's the soul of a believer. Amen. God help us. God, help our faith to rise up and say, "I'm healed whether I can see it now or not. Whether I'm feeling better or not, by his stripes, we are healed." Amen. That we can speak the word of God and see it come to pass in our life because there's something that's anchored in our heart. And that's what it's about is that it comes down into our heart. It's not just in our mind. It's not just Brother John said so. It's not just mama said so, but it's that God has laid his word in my heart and faith has come forth and it's laying hold of it and it declares it to be even though I can't see it. That's what we're looking for this morning. Amen. But Jesus was laying his life down. And on Psalm 16, he was David would say this by the spirit speaking through him. And this is this is what Christ would have had on his mind. There's many scriptures. I just picked a couple over these last few services. He said, "Therefore my heart is glad and my glory rejoices. My flesh shall also rest in hope. For thou will not leave my soul in hell. Neither wilt thou suffer thine holy one to see corruption. Thou wil show me the path of life. In thy presence is fullness of joy, and at thy right hand there are pleasures forever more." Church, notice it didn't say he didn't have to go to hell. It said he would not be left in hell. He had to go to hell. He went to hell as a sinner. Now catch that. He is not a sinner. He went as a sinner because he had sin on him. He had never done it. But he took your and my sins on him. And so he had to go through the process of what a sinner goes through, which is to go to hell. That's where sinners go is they go to hell. And so as he died as a sinner, he had to go down to hell. Abraham says this, "In the garden of Gethsemane, the anointing left him." You know, and he had to die as a sinner. He died a sinner. You know that not his sins, but mine and yours. He says that's where that love came in. How he took mine. That was the love of God that he would take your condition and put it on himself. And so he goes down into hell and he's got some time on his hands because he's got to be down there for a while. He's got about 36 hours to kill in hell if we could put it that way. Now, that would make most of us shrink back. I'm going to have to spend 36 hours in hell. How many of us are are are lining up to say, "I'll spend some time in hell this morning." But he knew he had to go down to hell. And we notice that nobody has ever come back from hell. You've got to go where nobody has ever returned. And you say, "Yeah, I'll volunteer to go down." That's what he did when he gave his life for you and I. He said, "I'll go to hell." He took your place in hell, church. And he didn't do it. And he didn't shrink away from it. But he says, "I'll take that on. I'll go down willingly." And he didn't go down maybe the way that we do. Amen. Because why? The scripture says he's got to go down to hell, but hell won't hold him. He's got to go down to hell, but hell can't keep him. In fact, when he goes down to hell, he's going down to conquer. So when Christ goes down to hell, he's not like us. And we're just looking around and how bad is it going to be? Oh, what are they going to do when I get there? Listen, Satan was no doubt holding his press conference that morning just like they did with Bin Laden. We got him this morning. He's dead. I have confirmation. I have video. I have the doctor certificate. Jesus Christ, the son of God, the anointed one, died this morning. And all of hell is cheering and you don't see Christ kind of creeping around the corner. But he strides right in there. He walks in. He's not worried now cuz he knows what the word has said about him. So he's not just shrinking in and maybe sitting over in the corner and hoping nobody will notice. But he walks in and he strides in. Why? because he's coming as a conqueror, not as a defeated sinner. Remember, because he is no sinner, he just has to go for your place and for my place. Amen. We can shrink back so easily from situations because we forget who we are. Because we forget what the word says about us. If we could only read all the way through to the end and read the portion that says we are more than conquerors through Jesus Christ, more than conquerors. Paul says that means we prevail mightily. We overwhelmingly conquer. That's the attitude of the believer. We've been made more than conquerors. The situation looks tough. Maybe nobody's ever walked through this before, but I'm going to walk through it. and I'm going to come through as gold tried in the fire. It's for my benefit. It's for my brother's benefit. It's for my sister's benefit. We don't just walk through things to walk through them. We walk through them to conquer. We walk through them to overcome. We walk to them to show the world there's a way you can live. That doesn't mean you're down in the dumps all the time. Woe is me with a downward turn mouth. That is not the nature of a Christian. And if it is, we need a refilling of the baptism of the Holy Spirit. If it is, we need a baptism of the Holy Spirit because we've lost the joy of our salvation. He does not walk down there as a weak man. He walks down as a conqueror. And you can see Satan having that that that press conference that morning and all of a sudden, you know, they have these from time to time. Somebody interrupts the speaker. You ever see that? I've seen it recently in the news where somebody starts yelling at the speaker at a press conference. Well, guess what? Satan got interrupted that morning. We've got him. We're good. We're safe. We've defeated him. And then brother Arab says this. He says, I can hear Jesus say, I am the virginborn son of God. I came from the ivory palaces of my father and I came to the earth and on the earth it's bathed this morning with the blood that I gave and paid the price of death, sin, and hell. He says, "Give me those keys." Hallelujah. I'm taking over from here on. You've kept the people in bondage. You've kept them in fear and everything else, but I'll take over from this time on. He says, "Hallelujah." He took them off and hung him on his own side. pushed him back in hell and walked away. What a morning that must have been. Everything looked like it was going sideways. And he walks down in the place that is furthest from the presence of God and he conquers. David said, "Yay, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil. For thy rod and thy staff, they comfort me. Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies. Thou anointest my head with oil. Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life. That's how you can walk into situations, church. Yay, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death. I will fear no evil. He said, "The mighty conqueror," since he rent the veil in two, lo, behold him in full view, the mighty conqueror rose up and said, "I am he that was dead and is alive again, and I'm alive forever more, and I have the keys of death and hell." Now, catch this. He that heareth my words, and believeth on me, on him that has sent me hath everlasting life. I've got the keys of the resurrection, and I'll raise him in the last day. He says that satisfies me. Amen. I am he. You go in first Peter chapter 3 and it tells us that Christ didn't just go down and take the keys of death, hell, and the grave. He went down and he preached in hell. Church, you know you own hell when you get to preach the word in hell because they don't preach the word in hell. But Christ went down and he preached to those souls that were imprisoned, those spirits from the days of Noah. It says those that had turned down the word. And he went down and he told them, he says, "Here's the proof that Noah was right. Here's proof that the message was right. I am the one that tried to help you. I am the one that tried to save you, and you turned me down. You didn't turn Noah down. You turned me down." And souls that were in prison had to watch him as he turned around and he walked out and he slammed the door shut of hell. Can you imagine the feeling? You've had thousands of years in torment and you think, "But maybe I'll get out." And then Christ comes down and says, "I'm sorry you turned me down." You talk about a weeping, a wailing, a nashing of teeth. There was no victory for them that morning. And just like it was on the day when the ark, the door of the ark closed, there's a day coming here, too. There's a day coming here too. Amen. When the door to salvation will be shut. There's a time, the book of Revelation says there's a time when your condition gets locked in. It says, "And that he who is filthy be filthy still, and let him who is holy be holy still." And while the door is open, that's the time to come because you'll find there's a bunch of people come knocking on the door way too late. And they say, "Let us in. Let us in. Let us in." He says, "Depart from me, you workers of iniquity. I never knew you. Don't wait. Don't wait till then, church. It's too late then. But I love that there's a second group of people that's waiting in another area. There's another group of people that have been waiting for thousands of years and they weren't in hell, but they were in paradise. And paradise is just a place of waiting. It's just a place where people wait and you're still as you are here. You remember that when the King Saul talked to Samuel after Samuel was was brought back, remember he went to a witch and the witch could reach out and touch Samuel's spirit. And when Samuel spoke to Saul, he was exactly as he was on earth. He wore his prophetic robes. He was still a prophet. He still had the word of the Lord. Nothing had changed about Samuel in paradise except his location. He was still who he was. Amen. They have been wait and you could only do that. You can't do that today. Back then, they were under the b blood of bulls and goats. They were waiting and so they couldn't be pulled back that way. But for 4,000 years, if you look at Adam and Eve and Abel and those ones, they've been waiting in paradise for the promise. 4,000 years, church, 4,000 years of waiting. But then you've got the latest edition, which is the thief on the cross. thief on the cross only spends about 30 hours, 35 hours in hell or or in paradise, I should say. Jesus said, "Remember, you're going to be there with me." And he goes, because he accepted Christ there, he goes into paradise and he's only waiting for a day, a day and a half tops. But you look at these people and they died in faith, the scripture says, and we're going to read it here. They died in faith. They all died in faith, not having received the promises. They only got a portion of what God had promised. But the scripture says they died in faith, not ha but having seen them aar off and were persuaded of them and embraced them and confessed that they were strangers and pilgrims on the earth. For they that say such things declare plainly that they seek a country. And truly if they had been mindful of that country from when once they came out, they might have had opportunity to have returned. He says, "But now they desire a better country that is in heavenly wherefore God is not ashamed to be called their God, for he hath prepared for them a city." Now, I don't know how time passes in paradise. I've never been there. I've been to paradise, but it's not the paradise we're talking about. And time passes very slowly there. Talking about paradise just up on the hill. We know that. But it's a place of waiting. And they clearly knew they weren't in hell because they weren't in torment. and that ought to have been a great comfort to them. I think if you're not in torment, you're in the right place. Amen. But they could not come into the presence of God because they were only under the blood of bulls and goats and the full atonement of Christ had been made. And so I would like to believe this that as they died in faith there they rested in faith because remember death doesn't change you. If you die in faith, you're going to stay there in faith. Remember, I was talking to some brothers after church yesterday or or the day before, whenever it was, and I said, "Death doesn't change you. It just changes your dwelling place." When you look in the book of Revelation, those that go through the tribulation, they die and they're in torment for a thousand years. And yet, when they raise up, they haven't learned a thing. They haven't re they haven't come to a place where they know that their actions are wrong, and therefore they should change. They have rejected Christ, the word. They have killed the saints. They have persecuted the true church and they die and they go to a thousand years of torment. And when they raise up, what do they do? They go right back and fight against God again. Why? Because death doesn't change you. It just changes your dwelling place. So that's true for them and I believe it's true for Abraham as well that he died in faith and so in paradise he was just as faithful as he was here on earth. But he's been waiting now for thousands and thousands and thousands of years. Now remember Abraham had received a covenant from God and he had received a promise and he had received a covenant. Now the promise was I'm going to make you a father of many nations and then God gave him one son. Now I don't know about you but one son does not equal many nations to me. What did he see? He got the first fruit of the promise but he saw a far off what would come. But then he also had the covenant where God came down and he said Abraham I'm going to make a covenant with you. And he told him to make these sacrifices and split the bodies of everything except for the two birds. And then he said,"Abraham, you stay there and I'm going to make a covenant with you." And then God came down and he put asleep on Abraham and Abraham went into darkness. Now darkness does not mean he's in a place of separation. Darkness means he's in death. And Abraham's in death. And then God walks through and he pro and he confirms the covenant. And you'll see that Abraham has nothing to do with that covenant. Only God is doing the work of the covenant. And so Abraham has received a covenant, but he has not received the full benefit of that covenant. And he dies in faith looking a far off and saying it's coming. And so he goes into paradise. And Abraham is looking for his covenant thousands and thousands of years. But church, if we know Abraham's good at one thing, it's waiting. Abraham's good at receiving it, believing it, testifying of it, waiting for it, but he's also really he's used to receiving it as well. And so he goes into faith. He dies in faith. And for thousands of years, he stays in faith because he knows that he'll be faithful who promised it. That's the fe that's the seed of Abraham. And so now Christ has preached to souls in prison and he's left them there and they're sitting there and they're wailing and weeping and nashing their teeth. But he's got one more stop to make that glorious morning. And he's got to go through paradise. He has that Abraham seed, that faith seed, that believing seed, the elect of God that are waiting for him. Because now that the atonement's made, they can be truly free. They can go to be with him. We're talking about joy this morning. He says, "I can see him." He said, "Wait a minute. There's another group over here. Have been Job and Abraham, Isaac, Sarah. Why heaven wouldn't be heaven without Sarah and Abraham in it?" Hardly. There they were over here in paradise. They couldn't go in the presence of the father. They lived under the burnt sacrifice. That's all they knew how to do. They were justified, but it couldn't divorce sin. It couldn't take away sin. He says, "So Abraham and them back there in paradise having a good song that morning perhaps along about 2:00 in the morning with time on earth. I can see him walk up there to the gates of paradise and knock." Now, I don't think people knock on the doors of paradise very often. And you have to imagine that at that knock something stirred in the hearts of the believers there who have been waiting, who have been fellowshipping, who have been testifying in faith, waiting for this day. He says, "And I can hear Abraham say, I wonder who that is." He opened up the door and Abraham said, "Well, there he is, the one I saw in a vision." I can hear Daniel raise up and say, "I know him. He's the rock that I saw heweed out of the mountain without hands." I can hear Ezekiel say, "Yes, that's him. He's the one I saw coming in the clouds with dust under his feet. Hallelujah. Oh, there he stands. And he said, "Children, you died under good faith." Job said, "That's the one I call my redeemer, for I know the deliverance is nigh now." That's him. He said he had to witness to everything. He had to go to the lowest regions to the highest heavens and witness from all of them what? That the word was true. that the covenant was good, that God is not a liar. He said he witnessed to the earth, to hell, to the lost souls, back up here to paradise. He said, "You were faithful. Now, come on. We're going up this morning. It's almost daylight. They have my body sealed in up yonder. I've got a different body." He says, "When a saint dies, I'm not able to tell you what kind of a body he receives, but it's not a glorified body. It's not a spirit, but it's some kind of a body that lasts until the resurrection." And when he said, "I haven't received this glorification yet, but I'm going up and we're going to come out in a few minutes." I can hear Sarah say, "Come on, Abraham." All of them get together and the saints rallying around him. First thing you know, it's along about daylight. And I can hear Abraham say, "Master, you're going to wait around a little while. Can we make a little whistle stop before we go up to glory? I'd like to look the old home place over again." "Well, sure," he said. Sure. I'm going to be with my disciples 40 days and nights. Come on. And away they went. He said the morning star gave its light. The angel of God came and rolled away the stone. And the Bible in Matthew 27 said that the saints that had slept in the dust of the earth rose and came out of the graves and and appeared to many. Can you imagine the shock waves rolling through every dimension that morning? There's a lot of change that was going. Remember on the day he died, the earth shook. There was an earthquake. All of nature stopped for a while. darkness for three hours. Everything came to a screeching halt at his death. The veil was torn. Then he goes down into hell and he starts working his way from the bottom up. And he goes into hell and he takes the keys of death and hell and the grave. And then he goes up into paradise and he takes the saints out of there and they rise with him. Church, you see that everywhere that Christ goes, victory goes with him. Amen. He goes as a conqueror. He may look like he's defeated as a bloody lamb, but the spirit of a lion is inside of him. And the lion always conquers. He's the king. He's the ruler. He cannot be defeated. Amen. Everything that Jesus does, he takes control of. You talk about bruising Satan's head. He went there and he took the keys to his own house. Satan is dwelling in a place of torment and it's not even his. You're in a sad state when the place you live, you don't own. And it's a horrible place to begin with. He can't even own the worst place there is to be. Christ comes down, takes those keys, and hangs them on his belt and says, "Now I'm in control." You'll have a time, Satan. But there's a day when it's all going to be finished. Satan has no power even in his own kingdom. Then paradise full of saints waiting for thousands and thousands of years, fully expecting that great day. Can you imagine that thief? I think there's was it Alistister Beg uh that preached a sermon, the man in the middle. He says, "Where that thief comes up to paradise and he knocks on the door." They say, "Who are you?" He says, "I'm so and so." "I'm a thief. I just died." They say, "How are you going to get in?" He said, "The man in the middle said, "I could go." And he is received into paradise, having been a thief all of his life, a man that was worthy to die. And he steps into paradise on the words of Jesus Christ. And then 36 hours later, he's back up and he's rolling through Jerusalem in a glorified body. church. Is he a merciful God? Is he a gracious God? Is he a loving God? That one word of acceptance and he'll take and give you eternal life. Can you imagine that thief saying? What a mighty God we serve. How long did you serve him? I lasted about two hours after he died. But for those two hours, he believed. He believed. and he's walking through in a glorified body lesson two days later. Hallelujah. What a morning that was for the thief. You ask me why I'm happy. So I'll just tell you why. Because my sins are gone. And he had a lot of sins. He lived a he lived a life of sin totally and completely. He died for it. And yet he rose again two days later. A glorified son of God. God's going to get his children, church. God's going to get his children. Hallelujah. But we look at that morning. We're preaching on joy in the morning. And I want to read the resurrection story this morning. And in Matthew 28, it says in the end of the Sabbath as it began to dawn toward the first day of the week. This is the first watch. So remember on the Sabbath, you can't do any survi work until that first watch. So this is sometime between 6:00 and 9:00 a.m. It says, "Came Mary Magdalene and the other Mary to see the supplr. And behold, there was a great earthquake, for the angel of the Lord descended from heaven, and came and rolled back the stone from the door, and sat upon it. His countenance was like lightning, and his raignment white as snow. And for fear of him the keepers did shake, and became as dead men. And the angel answered and said unto the women, "Fear ye not. Fear not ye, for I know that you seek Jesus, which was crucified." He says, "He's not here, for he is risen as he said. He always points back to his word. I told you I'm going to rise again. I told you I had to die. I told you I'm going to rise again. He says, "Come and see the place where the Lord lay and go quickly and tell his disciples that he has risen from the dead. And behold, he goeth forth before you into Galilee. There shall ye see him. Lo, I've told you." And they departed quickly from the sephiler with fear and great joy and did run to bring his disciples word. Can you imagine being the first to get the news he's risen? That with your eyes you see that he is risen. You have an angel speak to you a message. He's risen. You talk about joy in the morning. And who gets this joy first. Who does Jesus appear to first? Church? That fallen woman, Mary Magdalene. Mary Magdalene was the worst of the lot if we were looking at them carnally. Remember, she was one of Jesus' first miracles and he cast seven demons out of her. She was a broken woman. She went from being possessed to being a woman transformed under the ministry of Christ. And he comes to this woman and he says, "Mary." And as soon as he says, "Mary," she says, "smaster." And he says, "Don't touch me. I've still got to go to my father." He says, "But go tell them. Go tell them I'm coming." And so she goes and she tells the disciples. And what do they do? Disbelieve. They disbelieve. Now, Peter goes and runs. John goes and runs with them. And they go and they look at the tomb. And they go away. And they're pondering in their hearts what's going on because he's not there. But they still can't believe it. What joy they ought to have had as Mary comes and says he's risen. But their unbelief in the word keeps them from having joy. And they continue to suffer and they continue to mourn and they continue to beat themselves up. Remember he gave that message to Peter. Tell my disciples and Peter, Peter, it doesn't matter that you betrayed me. It doesn't matter that you turned your back on me. Doesn't matter that you walked away, Peter. I'm still coming back. You're still my guy, Peter. You're still my son. Peter should have had such joy that morning. But because of his unbelief, he could not have the benefit of the resurrection. And so, he endured for hours these different things. Finally, Jesus comes back to them and he goes and he appears in the room personally and they finally believe. And the scripture says this. It says, "Then the same day at evening being the first day of the week when the doors were shut." Now remember, he's been alive since the morning and they've been mourning into the evening. They wasted 12 hours maybe 12 hours of morning because of their unbelief. church. He says, "When the doors were shut where the disciples were assembled for fear of the Jews, came Jesus and stood in the midst and saith unto them, peace be unto you. And when he had self said, he showed them his hands and his side. And then were the disciples glad when they saw the Lord." That word glad means that they rejoiced and were joyful. We're speaking on joy in the morning, but for them it was joy in the evening because of their unbelief. So many times, church, we look and we'd see the situation rather than the word, and we lose our joy. And if we took the word on our lips and in our heart, we'd have joy, even though there is nothing v visible. We walk by faith, not by sight. We live by the light of the word, not by the light of circumstances, because those circumstances will beat us up every single time. Listen, church, these were sincere. These were children of God, weren't they? These were sincere believers. They had sat under Jesus ministry for three and a half years and yet unbelief had overtaken them. What a condition we can get sometimes. They could have had that joy a whole lot earlier. How often could we cut our sorrow short if we looked at what the word says rather than what circumstances are trying to tell us? Because Satan will beat us up through circumstances every time. Every time. every time you're not going to be healed. You're not going to get the business you need. That relationship's not going to be mended. Those kids aren't coming back. They're going further and further. Listen, circumstances defeat faith if you focus on it. That's why we focus on the word. That's why we feed on the word of God. Thomas wasn't even there when Jesus came. And so now all the disciples and Mary are and the two from Emmas, they're saying, "Thomas, no, he's alive." Thomas says, "Though I put my finger in his in his side and though I touch his hands, that's the only time I'll believe." And so Jesus finally comes to there when Thomas is there eight days later. So Thomas has now gone eight and a half days in sorrow. Why? Because he won't believe the testimony of the believers. He won't believe the word. Finally Jesus comes in. He says, "Okay, Thomas, put your finger in my side. Put it in my hands. Do you believe now?" And he says, "My Lord and Christ." And Jesus says these words. He says, "Jesus saith unto him, Thomas, because thou hast seen me, thou hast believed. Blessed are they that have not seen and yet have believed." Because remember this experience of seeing a risen Christ physically where you could touch and feel and hear. That was only for a select few. That's only for that group for that day. And so they got a personal witness of a resurrected Christ. But remember, Jesus said, "You're all going to be witnesses for me." Paul was a witness of Jesus. And Paul was a witness of the resurrected Christ, not because he had touched and handled the body, but because he had received the same spirit that raised Christ from the dead. Those that have what? Not seen and yet have believed. Now, yes, Paul saw the pillar of fire, but that was not the body of Christ. That was the supernatural body of light. Didn't look like the man Jesus. Pill of fire doesn't have a beard and holes in his hands inside. But yet Paul was a witness of a resurrected Christ. And you and I are the very same thing today. There's a people that have not seen and yet they have believed. And Jesus spends 40 days with his disciples and he's building them up, encouraging them, helping them, uh instructing them on what's going to come for the next phase of their life. And look at these words just before Jesus descended. It says, "But you will receive power when the Holy Spirit comes upon you." The Holy Spirit is the power we need. I've said it before. They had all sorts of power to cast out demons, heal the sick, raise the dead. That's not the power that was going to take them through. He says, "And you will be my witnesses both in Jerusalem and all Judea and Samaria and even to the ends of the worst of the earth." So there's a witness that's required, but it's not a witness of just what we have seen and heard. It's a witness that has to be experienced in our own bodies. Even to this point, they're still struggling because why? They haven't been changed yet. They're still fighting this nature. They're still fighting this flesh. And Jesus said, "You've got to receive power to be my witness." And that power is not just power to raise the dead or heal the sick or these things, but it's a power to have God come inside us and lead us and guide us and walk us through this life and help us to lay our thoughts aside and lay our ideas aside and lay our opinions aside, lay our fears aside, lay our worries aside and say, "Lord, let you lead me and I'll just follow along in your footsteps." That's the power that they needed. But watch now as we start to close this morning. Jesus prepares the disciples for what's coming and he ascends into the heavens. And we see here that the joy of that day does not stop on earth. But now it resounds but back up into the heavens. Amen. Now he's going up and the joy keeps rolling throughout the heavenly places. After 40 days on earth, he comes back to heaven. And we see that wherever he goes, there's a victory. The shout of the king is in the camp. There's a victory parade everywhere Christ goes. And I want us to kind of look into the heavenlies this morning. He says after 40 days and nights they visit the earth. They heard him saying, the New Testament s or the Old Testament saints heard him saying, someday we'll return him back. Hallelujah. Then when Jesus was taken up, the saints went with them. The Bible said he led captivity captive and gave gifts unto men. Whatever bounds binds you, he has bound. Whatever hurts you, he has disarmed. Everything that comes against us, he has given us the antidote for. He says, "I can see him as he goes on up past the morning stars, past the moon, past the sun, on into the archangels, beyond them, on into the heavens of heaven." And the first thing you know, they come in sight of the great ivory palace. I can hear the Old Testament saying, "Lift up, ye everlasting gates, and be lifted up, and let the king of glory come in." Hallelujah. He says, "David's prophecy had to be fulfilled. There he comes triumphant walking. Here he come walking. God's word is eternally true. See, he has to witness from the lowest region to the highest region. It's all subject to the word of God. He said he's coming again going walking down through their tri triumphant. And I hear the Old Testament saints rallying around him. This is the redeemer. Lift up ye everlasting gates and be ye lifted up and let the King of glory come in. church. Remember, they knew these psalms and they would sing them at the different feasts and these different things, but they would sing them looking forward to the day when it would happen. But now, as they're walking up with their mighty conqueror, they start to speak the word and say, "It's fulfilled." What a moment that must have been. Marching up into the heavens and you're coming up to the gates and you say, "The word is being fulfilled." And now you can sing that song in a reality that you are a part of it. What a moment that must have been. He says, "I can hear the angels back over in the glorious presence place of God say, who is this king of glory? It's a duet inside and out." And that's what the Bible said. And the Old Testament ang saints said, "The Lord of hosts mighty in battle. Here he comes, the king with his delegates." See, his word brings his word. And they were a part of his word. They've received it in part, but now they're walking into the totality of it. Now they're receiving the fullness of the covenant that they believed. Abraham seed the king with his delegates, the conqueror. He's a mighty conqueror since he rent the veil in two. He says, "And the angel pressed the gates down through the city of Jerusalem came Jesus the conqueror with all the Old Testament saints that lived back there believing he would come sometime. I can see him marching as angelic bands beating and playing and the angels sing hosana." Here comes the Old Testament saints and Jesus walking through the streets right up in front of the father. He said, 'Father, these are those that died in good faith. Well done, my son. Climb up here on my throne and sit down at my right hand till I make every enemy your foottool. For one of these days I'm going down. He says, hallelujah. He said, I'm going to send you back again and get everyone that dies in faith. Amen. There he is, the mighty conqueror sitting at the right hand of the majesty of God tonight in his presence, making intercession on anybody here that will dare to take him by faith. He says, "And God will send the Holy Ghost down to seal you into the kingdom of God." What a moment that must have been. He's the first man to go down to hell and come back, church. He didn't come up. I barely made it. Oh, I just survived. It was close, guys. It was close. No, no, no, no, no. He walked up, head held high, chest out, mighty conqueror, not a fallen hero, not a broken soldier. He came up, king of kings, lord of lords, the prevailing lion of the tribe of Judah. Amen. And just so tough, guys. You just don't know what I went through. No, no, no. Woe is me. He came up and said, "I am he that was and is and is forever more." The Alpha, the Omega, the beginning and the end, the amen, the faithful one. That's who came up. That's who came up. Amen. That's the kind of God I believe in, church. That's the savior that I believe we have on Christ the solid rock I stand. What does it say? My hope, his what is it? His oath, his covenant, his blood surrounds me in the whelming flood when all around my soul gives way. He then is all my hope and stay. On Christ the solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand. Amen. Unfailing God in flesh marches up. and they open the gates and he returns the mighty conqueror. I want to take us back to Revelation 5 as we start to close us out this evening or this morning. We see that bloody lamb that was slain, his body destroyed for our sins, his blood released for our life. And now he's standing next to the throne and we see the scene that we closed with last service. Remember where the book of redemption, the book of life was there and no one was no one was worthy to take it and John cried and cried. He wept. He could not be consoled. But verse 5 says, 'And one of the elders saith unto me, weepad not, John, behold, the lion of the tribe of Judah, the root of David, hath prevailed to open the book, and to loose the seals thereof. And I beheld, and lo, in the midst of the throne, and of the four beasts, and in the midst of the elders stood a lamb as it had been slain, having seven horns and seven eyes, which are the seven spirits of God, sent forth unto all the earth. That's your seven church age messengers. He says, "And he came and he took the book out of the right hand of him that sat upon the throne. And when he had taken the book," See, he's got to take it for anything to really happen. It's not just saying he's worthy. It's when he takes it because that's the proof that he was worthy. And when he had taken the book, the four beasts and the four and 20 elders fell down before the lamb, having every one of them harps and golden vials full of odors, which are the prayers of saints. And they sung a new song, saying, Thou art worthy to take the book, and to open the seals thereof. For thou was slain, and hast redeemed us to God by thy blood out of every kindred and tongue and people and nation. This is Abraham's covenant being fulfilled. You did it. You did it. You did it. And we get redeemed. He says, "What? You're worthy because you died. You redeemed us." and it's your blood that bakes a way for us. It's the fulfillment of Abraham's covenant and made us and has made us unto our gods, kings and priests, and we shall reign on the earth. He says, "And I beheld and heard the voice of many angels round about the throne. and the beasts and the elders and the number of them was 10,000 times 10,000 and thousands of thousands saying with a loud voice, "Worthy is the lamb that was slain to receive power and riches and wisdom and strength and honor and glory and blessing. And every creature catch us now. Every creature which was in heaven and on the earth and under the earth and such as are all in the sea and all that are in them heard I saying blessing and honor and glory and power be unto him that siteth upon the throne and unto the lamb forever and ever. You talk about joy in the morning church. John shouted and everyone heard him all the way from hell to heaven. Everybody heard him shout out. And what did he shout out? blessing and honor and glory and power. Why? Because redemption is now opened up. Because there's a pathway back to God. That bridge we talked about on Friday from the earth to the moon of our salvation, it's back. Somebody built what could not be built. Somebody crossed the gap that we could not c that we could not cross. He's shouting because he knows that he's in that book. He's in that book. And now he's going to make it. Hallelujah. But notice he doesn't start shouting until he sees the lamb take the book because that's when redemption starts. When he takes the book now it's in his hand and he looses he can loose the seals. He can open it up. He can start reading it. He can start sharing it. He can come and claim we're redeemed but he's got to come take his possession. And that's what the resurrection and the rapture is. But I want you to take to take us to another moment this this morning because we see Christ is holding that book and John shouted when he took the book. But remember that was the title deed of redemption. That was the title deed to the earth that Adam held in his hand and when he was on this earth he was the son of God. The scripture says Adam was the son of God. But he lost that and he fell from his position. And when he did, the title deed of earth, that book of redemption went back to God. Because remember, it's the book of life. And what did God say to Adam and Eve? He says, "Go forth and prosper." In other words, produce what's in the book. That's what they were supposed to do. But they didn't do it. They took it the wrong way. And God had to take it back. And now God had to produce his sons a different way. He took it back. But now we're in that plan of redemption. That's what John's showing us through Christ. And we're coming back to our eating condition. And so within that book is our true position and our true authority as the bride, as the children of God. But before that authority comes, church, character has to come first. Amen. And so that's the time that we're in now. That's what's going on now in our lives is he's developing character to match the authority of sons and daughters of God. And then when that's done, when our character matches that, then Christ comes down, the head unites with the body and there's that quick short work where Christ says, "She is me and I am her." And he proves to the world one last time that he's alive and well. And then after 30 or 40 days, we go. But we're in the moment of the character development. Now, I want to read this out of Revelation 10. This is a bride scripture. It's a bride chapter. And I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven clothed with a cloud and a rainbow was upon his head and his face were as it were the sun and his feet as pillars of fire. You look in Revelation 1. We know very clearly that's Christ. It says, "And he had in his hand a little book open." Now notice it is a small book. It's not a big book. Okay? The people of God have always been a minority. Always been a minority. It's a small group. Relatively speaking, this bride of Christ, we just read there. He said 10,000s time 10,000s. Now 10,000* 10,000 is 100 million. You say that sounds like a lot of people. When you look at the idea that they believe there's been a 100red billion people in this earth so far, that means.1%. So 99.9% have not been children of God. He said 10,000s time 10,000. So if we move that up and we say, well, we could go all the way up to 10 of those, then that would be a billion, 1%. 1% of the entire earth was children of God. It's a small book because later they open up books, all the books, but there's only one small book and it's a book of life. Now notice a little book. It's not sealed now. It's open. The seals have been broken. The book is open. It's able to be read and understood. He says, "And he set his right foot upon the sea and his left foot on the earth." So we see that Christ is here and he's holding down all powers. His feet are on everything that's on the earth. And you go into the types and shadows of of the sea is usually people and and the earth would be powers and these different things. But notice here that he has taken all circumstances under his control. When he comes down with the open book, he comes down, he takes all things under his control. Earthly powers, what's going on in this earth will not stop him from coming down and taking what's in this book. He's coming down now to possess. Nothing will stop this process. And he cried with a loud voices when a lion roarth. And when he had cried, seven thunders uttered their voices. You go back to John 12 and you'll see that when thunder speaks, it's God speaking. That's the voice of God. He says, "And when the seven thunders had uttered their voices, I was about to write. And I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me, seal up those things which the seven thunders uttered and write them not." He's saying to John, "Keep them a secret, John. You heard them. You understand them, but you can't pass it on. It's a secret, but it won't stay a secret forever. He says, "For when the Sorry." Yes. And write them not. And the angel which I saw stand upon the sea and upon the earth, lifted up his hand to heavens, and swore by him that liveth forever and ever, who created heaven, and the things that therein are, and the earth, and the things that therein are, and the sea, and the things which therein are, that there should be time no longer. Now, this is not the end of time, okay? This is the end of redemption for the Gentiles and Christ coming back for his bride. The unknown clock runs out here, if I could put it that way. Because remember, God deals with Gentiles in seasons and ages. And with the Jews, he works in years. He's on a timeline. He's on a clock with the Jews. But for the Gentiles, we're in an unknown clock. We don't know when it is. Remember, Jesus said, "No man knows the day nor the hour." Right? So, we don't know. But what we know is that when this thing happens, that's when the rapture is going to go because the clock runs out. Because once the rap once the bride raptures, what happens? We have a known clock that starts ticking because as soon as the bride goes up, the clock starts ticking with the Jews. And it's three and a half years of tribulation, right? And then at the end of that, you have a few weeks. If you go look in the Old Testament, you see there that there's a few weeks to do this and a few weeks to do that. So you have a little time after that. And then you jump right into the millennium. And that time we're on a clock as well, a thousand years. And then when the millennium's over, then you have that period where there's that final battle. And then you have a new heaven and a new earth. So here is where the unknown clock runs out. And what it is is God says, "I'm finishing what I started." That's what it means. So when will this happen? When will this clock run out? When will God kick off this final process? It says, "But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel when he shall begin to sound." Now that's that seventh church age messenger from Revelation 3. Remember to the latest in church age. It's the final age. And he's bringing that restoring message of Malachi 4. He says in the days of the voice of the seventh angel when he shall begin to sound. When he brings his message, he says the mystery of God should be finished which he as he had declared to his servants the prophets. What is the mystery of God church? Paul said, "It's Christ in you, the hope of glory." And it's been revealed all in types and shadows down through time. You look at Joseph, a nearly perfect type of Christ. Remember, goes all the way down into prison and then rises up to the right hand. You look at David speaking through the Psalms of what Christ went through. My bones, my bones, they stare at me, but thou will not let my uh uh let your holy one see corruption. All these things. It was it was God working through men showing that there's coming a day when he would be truly united in perfection. But it was all in types and shadows in the Old Testament. Then you come into the New Testament and under that first church age, that original Pentecostal church under the prophet Paul, they were imperfection for a mid, but they fell away from their first love. But there's a perfection coming. There's a completing of that word in the bride that's going to take her into a resurrection and a rapture. And what is it going to be by? It's going to be by the restored work. That's the only thing that's going to do it. Amen. There's a perfection coming where that head Christ is joined to the body and she is exactly as she is. And so we see the seven angel. Remember he's coming down the the angel Christ comes down with an open book. And so that seventh church's messenger is preaching out of a book that was sealed for all these ages. And what is it? It's the fully restored word. It's the open word again. It's not denominationalism. It's not churchity. Right? They all fell. They all went into the darkness. But there's a bride that's going to be restored by the word again. And he's restoring the bride to the faith of the Pentecostal fathers. He said, "And the voice which I heard from heaven." So there's those people that'll hear that message. But watch the message doesn't stop with the seven church age messenger. It says, "And the voice which I heard from heaven spake unto me." Bride, the bride is represented by John here. So the voice says to the bride, "Take the go and take the little book which is in the hand of the angel which standeth upon the sea and upon the earth." Isn't that beautiful, church? He's telling you, you take the book of redemption. You take the title deed now. You take it in your hands. You got to make it a part of you. Don't just leave it with him. You go and you take it for yourself. And John says, "And I went to the angel and said unto him, give me the little book." Now, this is not him going up arrogant and saying, "Give me the book." That's not what John did. This is John going up and this is now John uh being obedient to Christ and he says, "Give me the word." That's what we want, isn't it? Give me the word. That's why we come to church. Give me the word. Not just to satisfy a Sunday tradition or a Wednesday night tradition, but we want the word. And he says this. He said, I said to him, give me the little book. And he said unto me, take it. Now what do you do with the word, church? And eat it up, and it shall make thy belly bitter, but it shall be in thy mouth sweet as honey. And I took the little book out of the angel's hand and ate it up. And it was in my mouth sweet as honey. And as soon as I had eaten it, my belly was bitter. I had an experience like this with the cheesecake yesterday, which was wonderful until it wasn't. We've all had it. Don't pretend we haven't. I see Sister Justine giggling here. What? It tastes so good in the mouth. But when it gets down into the system, it's a little tougher, isn't it? Now, remember what I said before. We're in the time of character development. You see somebody preaching authority, you know what you want to look at first? Where's your character? Because otherwise it's satanic. Because authority, power without character is satanic. But power with character is fit to rule. We know these things. But the book speaks of authority and position because it's the book of redemption. It's restoring us back to our Eden condition. But remember when we cross over to the other side we don't change just our body changes. And so we have to have the character to rule and reign with him right here right now. Right here right now. Anybody here ready to reign and rule? Michael is. We've got to be ready to reign and rule, church, because we're not changing over there. Just the body's been changing. The soul has already been sealed. The character has already been developed. How do we respond today? That's how you'll respond then. I say, Lord, help us to have the right kind of character to judge the situation properly. That mercy and grace would flow out of us. Amen. Our will has to be lost in his will. Our thoughts have to be laid aside for his. Our desires have to be lost in his. That's the character of the bride of Christ. And that's a painful process for this flesh. That is a painful process for this flesh because you're getting rid of everything else and you're just letting the word stay in there. Amen. Sweeten the mouth. I'm becoming the word, brother John. I'm becoming the word. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Oh, it's so good. The word is so good. And then we walk out that door and we find out that it doesn't taste so good sometimes. And after you've lived a little while and you get used to the rejection and the ignorance and the persecution and the making fun, why do you dress that way? Why do you do your hair that way? Why don't you do this? Why don't you do that? Come on and do this. Oh, they're just a stick in the mud. After a while, it starts to feel a bit bitter. And if we're honest, sometimes we feel more like we're in the night of weeping than the morning of joy. But character is coming through that. Character is coming through that. We are what we eat, they say. And the bride eats the word. Why? So she can become the word. We don't vomit it up when it doesn't taste good. We just gulp it back down again and say, "Be it unto me according to your word." That's the nature of the bride. That's what communion represents. The Catholics have this so messed up. It's the literal body of God. It's the literal blood of Jesus. No, it's not. What is it? It represents the body of Christ. What is Christ? Christ is the word. When you eat the bread, you're saying, "Lord, I'll eat your word. I'll take your word. Every bit of it. I'll take every bit of your word. I won't leave anything on the plate." And then what is his blood? The blood is his life. Remember, the life is in the blood. What is the life of the blood? It's the spirit. It's the Holy Spirit. So when you take the communion, you're saying, "Lord, I'll take your word and I'll take your spirit and that'll make me a living word." That's what the communion's about. Nobody understood it. Most don't today. It represents what's happened in your life as a believer by the new birth. It's a witness to you that you passed from death unto life. He says, "I mean, you look at the disciples after they ate the word, did they have an easy life? Sure didn't. Most of them died. Unnatural lives, natural deaths. Peter was crucified upside down. Many of them were beheaded. Paul was cut in half. They ate the word and it was certainly bitter in their belly, but it held them. It held them through that time. And their character stood firm by the power of the Holy Spirit. Now, catch this last verse. He takes the book and he eats it. Tastes good in his mouth, not so good in his belly. But then the angel says to him, "Thou must prophesy again before many peoples and nations and tongues and kings." Church, you can't preach it until you've become it. Yes, we can preach forward-looking things. I do it all the time. I'm like Paul in this sense. I don't speak it as if I've attained it, but I press towards the mark. Amen. I keep pushing. But if we p try and and witness it unless we have it, we're going to produce a false religion every time. We're living by a painted fire. Amen. We're living by a painted fire. But when you become one with the new one with the word, that's what the new birth is. And that's when Christ starts to become expressed through you. And then you can testify how he's changed you. You can testify what he's done for you. You can testify how he's he's healed you in these different things, what he's done in your life. Joy stood have stayed with that church, that original church all the way through. They had the perfect word. They had the power of the spirit. They had everything they needed there, but under Paul the Apostle, they had it exactly the way it was supposed to be. That was the alpha. But the scripture says in Revelation 2 that they left their first love and they lost all the power of the word and they exchanged it for men, for men's ideas, for men's for men's programs and all these different things. The word lost its power, but a few listened, but the majority didn't, and they went off into darkness. And they went all the way down in every age. They got worse and worse and worse. And it culminated in the lowest of all which was the dark ages. And not many people were saved in the dark ages because they were completely under the thumb of false denomination. Catholic church primarily completely bound up in the things of men. But a few overcame. But from there a restoration work started. And we see this through the scriptures. And Jesus told us that Elijah would come back and he would restore us. He said to his disciples, they said, "I thought Elijah was going to come." He said, "He has come." And they did with him what they wanted. John the Baptist. He says, "But he shall come and restore all things." That's why we believe in a prophet. That's why we believe in a seven church age messenger is because Jesus said there's one that's coming to restore you back to the word. He will not speak of himself. John didn't. He won't speak of himself, but he'll point you back to Christ the word. And that'll be his vindication is that Christ is working in his ministry the same as he did then. And we see that in all the signs and wonders. But Christ is preparing a bride. And we see here in Revelation 10. He's preparing a bride by one thing and one thing alone. She takes the word. That's the only way it works. And it's going on here today. You may not realize it this morning, but you are becoming the perfect the perfect bride of Christ. And you may only take a little step forward today. You may only have a little change this morning, but it's doing a work nonetheless. Listen, when you eat food, do you see it building muscles and and and building new cells and replacing things in your body? You don't see it, but it's doing it anyways. And next thing you know, I mean, the I can't imagine what it is as a young child. I certainly can't remember. I mean, you look at at our young ones here, and you know, it seems like yesterday. I mean, look at Brother Kingsley's little son, Kachi. I mean, I saw him within a few days of him being born. He was this big. Now he's this big. He has no idea he's changing, but he's getting new capabilities and he's getting new understanding and he's getting new awareness of what's going on around him. And that's what's happening by the word. I so appreciate talking with my wife so many times because it's so easy to see things happening in somebody else. and she'll share things with me about the things that she's been hearing and things she's been reading and things that have been preached over this pulpit. And it just makes me rejoice in my heart because I see the word is doing something in her. But it's so easy to see it happening in our young sisters and our young brothers. But we got to be able to say, "Lord, it's happening in me even if I don't realize it because I keep eating your word. And when it tastes not so great in my belly, I still keep it down because I believe it's for me." That's what's preparing a bride. And whether you feel like you're bitter this morning or whether you're you're in the in the moment of joy, it matters not. If you're eating the word, it's going to have an effect in your life. Why? That more that night of morning always turns to joy. It always turns to joy. There's a morning coming, church, when the last trumpet of God shall sound. And all of time will be no more for us. It'll be the end of it for us. Amen. and we get to go be with him. And all those years of bitterness, all those years of pain, all those years of disappointment, all those years of suffering, all those years of persecution, in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye, they will fall away and you'll start going. You'll start to realize, "I made it." There's events that happen on that resurrection morning that are going to change us in a way that we've never been changed before. Because Satan's been working on the feeling of all of these things that we go through life. We got a lot of feelings this morning. But that's not going to stop the word. It's going to keep working whether we feel it or not. Listen, I don't like broccoli, but whether I like it or not doesn't change the fact if I eat broccoli, it does a wonderful thing in me. I'm told. I'm told. And the only reason I would eat broccoli is because I believe it's good for me, not because it tastes good. The word's doing a work, but we see through it all. The pride prevails. Why? Because she's got the prevailing spirit of Christ within her. It's not you. It's not me. It's Christ within me that makes us more than conquerors. Paul would talk about in Romans 8. He says, "But if the same spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken." In other words, in the same way, quicken your mortal bodies by his spirit that dwelleth in you. There's the quickening power that gets us through, church. And it culminates in a resurrection and a rapture. But notice it says it quickens your mortal bodies by his spirit. Do you have his spirit now? Four of us. Do you have his spirit now? Then it's quickening your body as you speak, as you listen, as you sit here this morning. And what is it doing? It's taking the word and making it live through you. And it finishes in the word that says in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, we should all be changed. But there's a changing before the changing. And that's that character development we've been talking about. It's that submission to the word. It's Christ becoming a reality in you. The power is already there. It's just bringing the character before it takes us into authority. He says, "For ye have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear, but ye have received the spirit of adoption whereby we cry aba father." The spirit of God takes us and it draws us back to God, makes us call on God, draws us into relationship with God, draws us into fellowship with God. So we don't have to go through a man. You don't have to go through brother John this morning. You don't have to go through mom and dad. But the inddwelling Christ inside of you is available every day abiding with you. And what does it do? It's drawing you back to your original condition, to your original relationship. And he says, "The spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit that we are the children of God. And if we are children, then heirs, heirs of God and joint hes with Christ. If so be that we suffer, if so be that we have our night of weeping." He says, "With him, that we may also be glorified together that we might have our joy in the morning." He says, "For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory that shall be revealed in us." Remember we said yesterday that Jesus despised the shame. He said, "What I'm going through and what I will go through is nothing compared to what's waiting at the end." We have to have the same the same idea, the same mindset. This is nothing compared to what waits on the other end. We'll have a body like unto his glorious body. will sit with him in his throne. He says, "Nay, in all these things we are more than conquerors. We overwhelmingly prevail is what that means." In other words, it's not a close affair. It's not a barely made it thing. It is a total annihilation of your enemy. He says, "In all these things, we are more than conquerors through him that loved us. For I am persuaded. Christ was persuaded, church. Abraham was persuaded. Samuel was persuaded. David was persuaded. Are you persuaded this morning? I am persuaded that neither death nor life, life's the part that's hardest. He says, "Nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come." Does it matter who wins the election, church? Nope. Does it matter who's in power? No. Does it matter what rights they take away? Does it matter what things they try to impose on us? Not according to Paul. And Paul spoke by the spirit. He says, "Nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature shall be able to separate us from the love of God which is in Christ Jesus our Lord." Amen. God bless you. Let's stand this morning. There's a resurrection morning coming sometime in that first watch between 6:00 and 9:00 a.m. You say, "Brother John, the scripture says no man knows the day nor the hour." I'm giving a range of hours because why? The first one was in the first watch. The second one will be the same way. But there's going to come a knock that morning. And I've always said I look forward to that knock because I believe for me, who knows? I don't know who's going to go by way of the grave. But if it were to happen tomorrow morning, I believe it'd be Sister Coffee waiting for me. I believe be maybe she'd have a bumbleberry pie that she brought from the from the heavenlies. I don't know. But I know what she looked like in her youth, so I'll recognize her. But she'll be shimmering in eternal health and beauty. And she'll say, "Brother John, it's time to go. It's time to get ready, not time to go." Maybe it'll be Aunt Satie Dicks. And Aunt Sadi is not one I would ever recognize because I only knew her in her old age. You know what Aunt Satie Dixs would have to say to me for me to recognize her? She'd have to say some sweet. Because we go visit her in the old folks home and mom would make us go and give her a hug before we left. And when we did, she was always she'd always peck us on the cheek and she'd say, "Some sweet. I don't know what an Sadie is going to look like, but I'll tell you this. She's going to be a beautiful woman in the prime of health and youth." And you know what's going to happen? I I'm not a part of your family, Brother Bob, but Nan is mine. On that resurrection morning, Nan is mine. And she's going to come in. She's going to say, "Brother John, get ready. Get ready." And for 30 to 40 days, we're going to have fellowship. You talk about joy in the morning. When you see the resurrected saints, many of us have lost people. And you see them, that's when your faith becomes sight. That's when any mourning you had turns to joy and you say, "I'm going." Because only the redeemed are going to see the redeemed and we're going to spend 30 to 40 days together. I don't know how that's going to look. I don't know if we'll have church. I don't know if we'll just sit around and eat bumbleberry pie because it doesn't matter if we gain weight because we're going in a glorified body in 30 to 40 days. But you talk about joy in the morning, church. We're going to have a shouting moment. Listen, Biscuit woke us up this morning chasing a moose outside. There's a moose outside our door. Biscuit's not going to wake me up that morning, church. It's going to be a knock on the door and says, "It's resurrection time, son. It's resurrection time, daughter." I think we'll have a shouting jubilee. Some of us may even speak in tongues. You looking forward to it? I'm looking forward to seeing Nan. I'm looking forward to seeing N Sadi. Brother Gerald, are you looking forward to seeing Brother Barnes and Sister Barnes? Amen. It'll be a wonderful, wonderful thing when our faith becomes sight. Isn't he good to us? Are you looking forward to it? You know, we ought to wake up every morning and until that clock hits 9:00, say, "This could be the morning." Hang around the front door a while. Say, "Lord, maybe this is the day." Start your day with the idea this could be the day we go home. This is the day the process starts. That last 30 to 40 day countdown to where we're going to get out of here and we'll get to be in his presence forever more. Amen. God bless you. Let's bow our heads, Lord Jesus. Lord, what a wonderful joy that comes to our hearts, Lord. when we look at your word, when we look at your promises, Lord, and we know that these trials of life and these difficulties, Lord, these sicknesses, these hardships, these heartaches, Lord, these offenses, this persecution, this ignorance we deal with, the suffering, Lord, it's all going to vanish one day, Lord. And you're going to wipe every tear from our eyes. And we'll have no more memory of these things which are passed, Lord, but we'll be in perfect joy, peace, and love, Lord. how our hearts long for it this morning, Lord. And we get a taste, I believe, when we're in your presence. And Lord, with saints of like precious faith, but Lord, our hearts cry out for that bula land this morning, Lord. There's nothing here to keep us. And if there is anything that will keep us, Lord, I pray you help us to cut those strings this morning. Lord, that we see that there's nothing worth it in this world except you. Lord, bless this people, Lord. Lift us up. Encourage us day by day. Lord, we see these bodies failing. We see this world crumbling around us, Lord. We see the God of this evil age, Lord, rising in power, Lord. But there's a bride that's going to overcome through it all by the power of the word and her by the spirit, Lord. Help us to wake up every morning, Lord, with joy in our hearts, Lord. That you've made us more than conquerors, Lord. That we are overcomers by your word. Lord, you've given us an unconditional covenant that you'll take us through. Lord, bless us now. We pray in Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. How great thou art. 246. Oh Lord my God. And I in awome wonder consider all the worlds thy hands have made. I see the stars. I hear the roaring thunder. Thy power throughout the universe display. Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. Then sings my soul, my savior God to me. How great thou are. How great thou are with the woods and forest plain I wonder and hear the birds sing sweetly in the Oh, when I look down on the mountain and the brook verse three next and feel the breeze. our street. Oh, when I think that God loves Mary, send him to I can't take it in that [Music] cross my burden bearing. He bless my s. My soul, my savior God. How great thou are. How great thou are. It sings my soul, my Savior God toe. How great thou are, how great thou are. Oh, when Christ shall come. Hallelujah. With shout of and take me home. What joy shall my heart then I shall bow in humble adoration and [Music] there my How great thou [Music] are sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are. [Music] How great. [Music] Amen. I know we sang this Friday, but I want to sing it again. Worthy is the lamb. Thank you for the cross, Lord. 12:47. Thank you for the cross. Oh, thank you for the price you paid. All my sin and shame in love you. [Music] Thank you for this love. Thank you for that. Wash me in your planting. Now all I know you'll forgive the s worthy is the lamb. Oh seated on the throne. We ground you now with many power. You make victory. I am lifted up. Jesus, son of God, the treasure of heaven. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Thank you for the cross. Thank you for the [Music] past and shame in love and amazing praise. Thank you for the Thank you for watch me in your world. Now I know your forgiveness praise. Worthy in the hand. Seated on the [Music] throne. We crown you now with rain. You reign victorious. High and lifted up. Jesus of God, the treasure of heaven. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the I came to worship you. I came to worship you. I came to sing your praise. I came to love and adore your holy name to praise. Oh hallelujah. [Music] Oh, how I worship you. You are my Lord. I came to worship you. I came to sing your praise. I came to love [Music] you praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, I worship you. You are [Music] my toship you. I came to sing your praise. I came to love you, Lord. Holy name you praise. Oh [Music] hallelujah. I worship you. [Music] Amen. We're going to sing that song. Psalms 34 1274. I sought the Lord. Then we're going to close in prayer for the Bible. I'm going to ask you to Did you You didn't start, did you? Did you open in prayer? Okay. We'll have you close in prayer. Amen. God bless you each one. Remember, we've got the fellowship afterwards. So, if you can stay, please come in and eat and have a time of fellowship again. Hopefully, we're not sick of each other yet. Amen. just enjoy time together for this afternoon. Amen. We'll sing this song for the ball. We'll close the answer from those who love him. [Music] rad and save me from my The son of [Music] God will magnify the glory. God is all together with me. How is his name forever and see that the Lord is good? Oh, blessed is he who lives in him. Oh, fear the Lord. Oh, he say he'll give you everything. He'll give you [Music] everything together. Glorify the Lord and King forever. Ever the Lord is all together with Promise forever. I saw the Lord and he answered me and the [Music] way they'll never be ashamed. Oh his name together forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, bless me. [Music] Oh, you say you sing it again. Sing it again. So taste [Music] and bless him. Oh, the Lord for what he say everything you Oh Heaven glorify the love of King forever. Magnify the Lord with how his name together alone with me on his name forever. Magnify the Lord with me. Yes, Lord. Come [Music] exord with me. [Music] Come [Music] ex forever. Magnify the Lord. with me. Exalt his name together with [Music] me forever. magnify the glory to the glorif is forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Thank you, Lord. Oh, blessed is he who hides in me. of the Lord. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. Oh man, come his name together. Glorify the Lord. I exalt his name forever. Magnify with me. God is all together. Ever his name forever. Praise the Lord. Heavenly Father, it's it's just a joy, Lord, to be able to come and exalt your name, Father, as we gather, Lord, in your presence, Father, is just just nothing else to do, Lord, but to glorify you, to magnify you, Father, knowing, Lord, all that you've done for us, Father. And Lord, we just want to thank you, Father, for your word, Lord, and for, Father, the the opportunity, Lord, that you've given us, Father, just to come and hear that word, to have our faith increased, Lord, and to worship you, Lord, with all of our hearts, Lord. It's a joy, Father, to be able to do that. And we thank you for it, Lord. And Father, we thank you for the weekend, Lord, for the services, Father. And where it started, Lord, with that tremendous sacrifice, Lord, that you made, Father. And Lord, the presentation that was so beautifully done, Lord, last on Saturday night, Father. And and Lord, tonight, today, Father, just Father, just finishing with the hope of the resurrection and rapture, Lord, in our hearts, Father. And we thank you for it, Lord. And we just pray, Father, that as we go today, Lord, may you just go with us, Lord, to guide us, to guard us, and to keep our thoughts, Father, safe. and keep our thoughts, Father, upon you, Lord, knowing that the enemy is out there, Lord, just trying to do what he can to to distract us and to to pull us back into the world. But, Father, there's a greater in us than he that's in the world. And Father, it's you, Lord, that we want to rely on and to trust and Lord, by grace realize that as the song says, Lord, that you surround your saints, Father, and you'll give us everything, Lord. So, we just thank you for that. Pray Lord your blesses each and every one Father. Minister to those that are not here today. Minister to those Lord that are here today, Father. And as we go, may we love you, Lord, and serve you with all of our hearts. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. [Music] [Music] They [Music] are great. They are in Let us bless the Lord every day. May our cous to all our braces. Bless [Music] everyone forever. Ever King forever. [Music] God forever. [Music] I never change. [Music] Joy, joy. [Music] [Music] [Music] and freom. [Music] to lift the right of God. We are the right hand of [Music] God. [Music] Glory and honor. Glory and power and wisdom. and break your right hand of God. [Music] rule [Music] of the right hand of God. Bless be Glory and power and blessing. [Music] Glory and power and [Music] great of Frele. [Music] [Music] [Music] forever. The [Music] I'm [Music] [Music] gladship [Music] [Music] Glory forever. [Music] I gladorship. [Music] [Music] Glory. [Music] I'm ready. [Music] [Music] I gladly. [Music]
