################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-03 - 20250702 - The Token Life Pt 64 - Absolute Power Pt 7 - Bro Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-03
Title:    20250702 - The Token Life Pt 64 - Absolute Power Pt 7 - Bro Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 30m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uv81r_6PuSc
========================================

Description:
Quotes and Scriptures: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1z4CKkl2t9SwajgzzuzagrzSraghWNoat/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Hey over. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Touch your people once again. Let's stand. With your precious holy hand we pray. Let your kingdom shine upon this earth. Amen. Through a living glorious church. Amen. Not for temporary but to restore authority and power. Let a mighty rushing wind blow in. Hallelujah. Touch your people once again. Touch your people once again. Yes, Lord. Amen. With your precious holy hand, we pray. Let your kingdom shine upon this earth. to a living glorious church. Not for temporary deeds, hallelujah, but to restore authority and power. Let a mighty rushing wind blow in. Yes, Lord. Touch your people once. Touch your people once again. Oh, touch your people once again. Hallelujah. With your precious holy hand we pray. Let your kingdom shine upon this earth. Hallelujah. Oh, bless the Lord. Not for temporaryity, but to restore authority and power. Let a mighty rushing wind blow him. Amen. Touch your people once again. Amen. We're going to sing number 11. Touch um the windows of heaven are open. The blessing is falling tonight. Amen. Trust. We want to partake of that blessing. Praise the Lord. Let's sing it. The windows of heaven are open. The blessings are falling tonight. There's joy, joy, joy in my heart. Lord Jesus makes everything right. I gave him my all tattered garment. He gave me a robe of pure white. Amen. I'm feasting on from heaven. And that's why I'm happy tonight. The windows of heaven are open. The blessings are falling tonight. There's joy, joy, joy in my soul. Our Jesus makes everything right. I gave him my own tattered garments. Amen. He gave me a robe of pure white. I'm feasting on mana from heaven. And that's why I'm happy. Hallelujah. Sing it again. The windows of heaven are open. The blessings are falling tonight. There's your hallelujah. Joy in my heart for Jesus makes everything right. I gave him my own tattered garment. He gave me a robe of pure wine. I'm feasting on mana from heaven. Amen. And that's why I'm happy tonight. Amen. Praise the Lord. We're a privileged group of people to be able to feast on the mana from heaven. Praise the Lord. We'll sing number two. reach out and touch the Lord as he passes by. Ask brother Matthew to open in prayer tonight and to remember to pray for brother uh John as he brings the word tonight. And may God be with each and every one of us and minister to every need that's upon our hearts. Remembering also brother Dale and of course brother Chad and Sister Lee and the family that'll be traveling back uh either tonight or tomorrow. But God's grace to them and of course the saints are on the island. Brother Doug and Sister Beverly and also Sister Brenda is going for see the doctor tomorrow. So we're just praying for a complete healing and believing for a complete healing. Amen. And brother Bob and sister Joe are not here yet, but I think they are coming. And remember brother Garfield and sister Nikki as well and the family. Amen. So, let's sing it. Reach out and touch the Lord tonight as he passes by. Reach out and touch the Lord as he passes by. You'll find he's not too busy to hear your heart's cry. He is passing by this moment. Your needs to supply. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. Oh, reach out and touch the Lord. As he passes by, you'll find he's not too busy to hear your heart's cry. He is passing by this moment. Your needs still. Reach out. Hallelujah. as he goes by. Reach out and touch the Lord as he passes by. You'll find he's not too busy to hear your heart's cry. He's passing by this moment. your needs to supply. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. Amen. Our dear heavenly father, Lord, we come humbly before you, Lord, asking that your grace just be upon us, Father, as we we come and gather and praise your name, Father. Lord, I pray that you just help us to, as we've mentioned before, Lord, to set aside the cares and the things of life that's weigh down heavily on us, Lord, and may we just lay them at your feet, Father. Whatever it is that is troubling us, Lord, maybe just maybe just lay it at the cross, Father, and know that you'll take care of it. May give up trying to do things ourselves, Father, and making mess of things. Lord, I pray your grace just be upon us, Lord. So many things in our lives, Father, that we have trouble overcoming, Lord. insecurities that we can't seem to overcome. But Lord, I pray that you would just reach down to us this night. Father, help us to claim the victory. Lord, forgive us, Lord, of the many things that we might have said or done wrong or even the things we shouldn't have. Lord, pray your grace just be upon us each one. Lord, maybe hold each other up, Father, as we prepare our hearts to hear from you, Lord. grace to those that couldn't make it. Father, brother Chadam that'll be traveling. Brother Garfield, Sister Nikki, Lord, thank you, Lord, for restoring her, Lord. May you just continue to bring her to full strength and health, Lord. Grace Lord to Sister Brenda. She goes to the doctor tomorrow, Lord. May you just be another testimony, Lord. We look forward to the many testimonies, Father, over the days. We love you Lord and we pray your grace especially to brother Jonathan for as he was to come. May he just move mightily through him father this night. Jesus Christ's name I pray. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. 685 Wings of Faith. Amen. Sometimes the way down here gets wrong when I look at Satan's blood. Is that our eyes on the wings of faith? For in God's word, amen, I am saved. Lord be right in the race helping our heart bring you disgrace. Amen. But let me rise on the wings of faith. Until the day I see your face. Now we can see the end inside. Amen. Having the Lord is night. What's it where will you stay when the time down here will end? Amen. Lord, help me run in the race. Help me not bring you disgrace, but let me rise on the wings of faith. Until the day I see your face, sometimes the way down here gets rough. Amen. When I look at Satan's blood, is that our eyes are wings of Amen. Amen. I am safe. Praise the Lord. Lord, help me ride in the race. helping merg. But let me rise on the wings of faith until the day. I see your face. Now we can see the end in sight. The coming of the Lord is nigh. Consider where will you stand when the time down here will end. Lord be right in the race. Help me not bring you disgrace, but let me rise on the waves of faith until the day I see your face. Lord, help me ride in the race. Help me bring you disgrace. Amen. But let me rise on the wings of faith until the day I see your face. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Number 428. Waiting for the Lord. Waiting on the Lord for the promise given. Waiting on the Lord to send from heaven. Amen. Waiting on the Lord for the promise gi. Waiting on the Lord to send from heaven. Waiting on the Lord by our faith receiving. Waiting in the upper room. Oh, the power, the power gives victory over sin and purity within. The power, the power, Hallelujah. Oh, waiting on the Lord. Giving all to Jesus. Waiting on the Lord till from sin he frees us. Waiting on the Lord for the heavenly praises waiting in the upper room. Amen. The power [Music] the power gives victory over sin and purity within. The power, the power, the power they had at Penting Cross. Waiting on the Lord, longing to mount higher. Waiting on the Lord, having great desire. Waiting on the Lord for the heavenly fire waiting in the upper. Yes. Amen. The power, the power gives victory over sin and purity within. The power, the power, the fire they had and penting God. Waiting on the Lord. Giving all to Jesus. Waiting on the Lord till from sin he frees us. Waiting on the Lord for the heavenly braes. waiting in the upper. Yes. The power, the power gives victory over sin and purity within. The power, the power, the power they had a magic cross. Oh, the power power gives victory over sin and glory within the power. Amen. Praise the Lord. The power they had advant. [Applause] Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing. It is number 691. We're able to go up and take the country about Joshua and Caleb. It was the Lord of hosts that led us out of Egypt sand. And he led us through the Red Sea by his mighty hand, never halting in the wilderness, but his command gave assurance we were able to possess the land. We are able to go up and take the country and possess the land from Jordan to the sea. And though Giants told me there a way to hinder, God will surely give the victory. When the spies brought back this message, this is what they said. Against giants and war cities, we cannot be led. But a Caleb and a Joshua said they'll be as bread. We are able to go up possess the land we ahead. We are able to go up and take the country. Yes. Amen. The land from Jordan to the sea. And though Giants told me there, God will surely give the victory. When we crossed the river Jordan in the land, we found wine and oil and milk and honey riches fruit abound. Sparkling fountains and the showers come upon the ground. We were able. Hallelujah. Let God's praise resound. Amen. and take the country and possess the land. Praise the Lord. And the giest beyond hinder, God will surely give the victory. There's no thirsting for old age since we're in this way. And we care not what the critics or the 10 spies say. For the land of thousands and plenty and we're here to stay. Won't you come and join us, brother? Enter in today. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. And possess the land from Jordan to the sea. The giants call be there a way to hinder. God will surely give the victory. And we are able to go up and take the country and possess the land from Jordan to the sea. From the giants to be there awaiting, God will surely give the victory. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's not let the giants get in our way. Amen. Because God has given us the victory. Surely the presence of the Lord is in this place. 560 Surely the presence of the Lord is in this place. I can feel his mighty power and his grace. I can hear the brush of angels wings. I see glory on each face. Amen. Surely the presence of the Lord is in this place. Yes. Amen. Surely the presence of the Lord is in this place. I can feel his mighty power and his grace. I can hear the burst of angels wings. I see glory on each face. Surely the presence, hallelujah, the Lord is in this place. And surely the presence of the Lord in this place. I can feel his mighty power and his grace. [Music] I can hear the brush of angels wings. I see glory on each face. Surely hallelujah of the Lord is in this. Let's sing it again. Oh, surely the presence of the Lord is in this place. I can feel his mighty power and his grace. I can hear the brush of angels wings. I see glory on each face. Surely the presence of the Lord is in this place. 11:37 He's in the house. Little girl was lying there. The people all were weeping. They just laughed at Jesus when he said she's only sleeping. As he took her by the hand, she began to live again. Some began to praise the Lord. And some began to say, "He's in the house. Death has to flee. Now there is life. Hallelujah. Where dark as used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Hallelujah. Praise his name. He's in the house. We were like that little girl dead in all our sin. Jesus touched this heart of mine and gave me life again. I am just a house of play. Yes. Amen. Ever since that blessed day, there's a light that shines in me for all the world to see. He's in the house. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Now there is life. Hallelujah. Where darkness used to be, now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Hallelujah. Praise his name. He's in the house. Let's stand. A little girl was lying there. The people all were weeping. They just laughed at Jesus said he'd only sleeping. As he took her by the hand, she began to live again. Some began to amen. And some began to say that he's in the Hallelujah. Amen. God bless you. Now there is light where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. Death has to flee. Now there is life where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. Death has to flee. Now there is light where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. Hallelujah. Lord, you're the difference maker. Lord, when you're here, that's all that matters. Lord, when you take hold of a situation doesn't matter, Lord. what people say, what we think. Lord, the power that comes against it, Lord. You hold all things, Lord. We're thankful. We're thankful you've dwelt in these houses, Lord. That you've cleaned us out, filled us up, Lord, made us a dwelling place of the most high God. Lord, I pray we get a greater revelation this evening, Lord, that all darkness has to flee. Sickness has to flee, Lord. Every element of sin is up for destruction, Lord. Nothing can stand before us when you're with us. So Lord, I pray you take this service again, Lord. That you would speak, Lord, you would do what you do, Lord. That you'd minister to our hearts, our lives, our situations. Lord, that we walk out tonight and say, "It was wonderful to be in your presence once again. Lord, bless your people now. We pray in Jesus Christ's name we ask it." Amen. Amen. God bless you. Turn if you would to First Corinthians the third chapter. 1 Corinthians the third chapter. Good to see everybody here today. Amen. Enjoy the song service today as well. God bless you each one. Amen. Good to see sister Joan. Brother Bob made it to us. She texted and said, "We're not sure if we're going to make it to church. There's too many things to photograph." But she was joking, of course. But photography is a close second behind the Lord in their lives. So anyways, good to see you here. Amen. God bless you. 1 Corinthians 3 verse 10. This is Paul speaking. He says, "Now according to the grace of God, which is given unto me as a wise master builder, I have laid the foundation and another buildth thereon. But let every man take heed how he buildth thereupon. For other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ." Amen. God bless. You can have your seats this evening. And we're continuing again, as you might have guessed, on our series on the Holy Ghost and absolute power once again. And we've been talking about this for quite some time. And and I I think you're probably about to the point where you say, "Brother John, you need to move on." But I'm taking my time in it because I want to close it out. And I want to close it out uh as perfectly as I I know how. And we know that we're looking at this power and we see that this power comes at a cost. The power comes with the cost of self. self- ideas, self-will, self- ambition, self-plans, self-thinking, self-religious ideas. Even this all has to die if we're going to come to a place of of experiencing this absolute power. And I'm not saying we haven't. Amen. I believe we sing the song, he's in the house. That's what the absolute power is. It's Christ dwelling inside of you and I. That's the absolute power we're talking about. But for that power to have effect, there's got to be a dying out daily. There's got to be a crucifixion daily. Amen. And so when we look at this, when we receive power in our life, it's not because of what we have. It's actually because of what we lay down, of what we give away about what we die out to and then we can receive Christ. And that's the thing that matters most is is when we can receive him. But I want to take two elements of this tonight on how do we come to a place of absolute power. If we were to say what is absolute power, remember what brother Bram said. He said the anointing is is to know exactly when and how or what and how. And we're talking about spoken word authority. We're talking about the adoption of sons and daughters of God and these different things. But there's two things that have to be be established in our life before we can ever come to that place. And this is really a part of the new birth, but it's the part of our Christian walk too as we're going through life. Amen. And the first thing that we we realize, the first element to absolute power is recognizing that the word of God is truth. Not that the word of God is true, but that the word of God is truth. Because we're going to talk about this a little bit today. There's a difference between true and truth because there's something that is always true and that is truth. And then there's something that is true for now or for a time or for a season or for a person and that is true but it is not truth. Amen. So we want to come to that. So we realize that it is God that is the absolute. It is the word of God that is the absolute and that word is truth because it is the absolute. Amen. It does not yield. It doesn't bend. It doesn't change. It does not flex based on where we are at in this life based on society based on politics. based on need. So often that's when we ch try and move the word of God is when we have a need and we don't like the way the word tells us to go. But the word of God doesn't change. It is inflexible. Amen. And to come to absolute power, we must realize there is an absolute. And for the believer, the absolute is the word of God. Amen. It's not the absolute is not joining a church. It's not doing what the pastor said. Those things are good, but they won't hold you. Amen. They won't take you all the way through. But there has to be a personal revelation that the word of God is an absolute. It is the absolute. It is perfect. It is entire. It lacks nothing. It has everything that we have need of to get off of this planet and go to be with Christ and then come back to with him to rule and reign. Amen. But until we come to a place where we recognize the word as an absolute. And when I mean recognize, I don't mean recognize here. I mean that there's a personal revelation in your soul that causes you to act on what you think you think rather than just thinking what you think. Amen. It'll cause us to act a certain way. Now remember what Jesus said. He said, "Sanctify them through thy tr through thy truth." And he says, "Thy word is truth." And then in Romans 3, Paul would say, "God forbid, yay, let God be true, but every man a liar." He says, "Why? that thou mightest be justified in thy saints and mightest overcome when thou art judge. Remember when we are faced with with issues we are justified because we speak what the word says not because of what I think or not because of what I determine or my feelings or my intellect or my education. But our justification is I stayed with the word. I speak the word back. What I said was truth. It was absolute. And therefore you are not judged but the word is judged. And you cannot judge an absolute. An absolute judges you. You cannot judge it. Amen. It overcomes it all because remember what brother Bram said an absolute is. He said it's it is the ultimate. He says it is the final word. So when you say the final word, you cannot be judged because you are a part of it. You've attached yourself to an absolute. Prophet of God would say this. He says God is the absolute. He said let every absolute otherwise than mine be a lie. Mine is the truth. He says, "So there is the absolute to Christianity. That's the end of all arguments. The Bible said so. That makes it right." But we see today so many people are trying to change the Bible because otherwise they would have to change. Nobody wants to change anymore. Everyone wants society. They want the economy. They want the way people work. They want the way that people make money. They want it to all wrap itself around their little whims and desires and ideas. I saw a candidate now in California for the US Senate believes that we should have a $50 an hour minimum wage. Wow. But what is she doing? She wants to bend reality to her thoughts. Now, we laugh at that. That woman is insane. That that you make $150,000 a year minimum in Cal in in California. But she is completely convinced she's right. Why? Because her thoughts are her absolute. Her ideas are her absolute. Wherever she got them from, however she came up with it, she believes that it's an absolute. Amen. But remember, humanity prefers to bring things to them rather than bend themselves to what is right or true or real. And so that's where we end up. That's how we end up the way we are today. Amen. Humanity likes to bring everything subject to itself because we're the apex of this world. And we think everything bows to us. And it does except for God. God is above all of this. And his word stands this. Amen. But with an absolute, we have to subject ourselves to it. Now listen to what the brother says. This is in the message and absolute. We'll quote a fair bit out of this tonight. He says, "In the day that we're living in now, everything is breaking up. It's so fragile and carried away. I think that this message would be a very appropriate thing, especially to Christians when they are going through their deep waters." Now, this is in 1963. It's after the preaching of the seals. And he says, "I think this message is necessary. this message on an absolute. He says the Christian church is passing through the deepest water it's had for the last 2,000 years. We are coming to a spot to where there's something presented to Christianity, something they have to make a decision on. And I think that the Christian church ought to have something that they know that they are tied to instead of just floating about like a leaf upon the water, the wind. He says, "As the Bible said, carried about by every wind of doctrine. The winds come and blow a little leaf this way, then another wind comes and the north wind, the south wind, the east wind, the west wind." He says, "You'll never get anywhere. You're not stable." Then he says these words, the Christian life should be a stable life. He says it should be something that's a principle that you are tied to that is more than life itself. Catch this. what you're holding on to is more stable than the very life you're going through. That's what we have need of. He says, "This is something that's needed for the church today because we're going through waters deeper than they've ever gone through." Why? Because evil is greater than it's ever been. Darkness is greater than it's ever been. Sickness is greater than it's ever been. Delusion is greater than it's ever been. And yet, religion is greater than it's ever been. We're surrounded by a an army of things that are coming against the Christian today. And he says, "You need to be stable to go through this. Deep waters produce really big waves in storms, hard situations." He says, "You need to be, it ought to be stable." And there's only one thing that's stable, church, and that is that which does not change. That's the only way that it works. Remember how Jesus would preach the parable of those two houses and he says one was built upon a rock? A rock doesn't move. Bedrock doesn't move. If you build a house on bedrock, it's never going to move. But if you build a house on sand now, you're going to have to worry because it'll sold it'll hold itself for a while in sand. But remember, he says they built the houses and for a while everything was okay. But then the rain and the flood and the storms came and nothing happened to the house that was built on a rock. Why? Because the foundation was stable. The house wasn't stable. It was the foundation that was stable. You can build anything on a rock and it'll stand. Because your foundation stands sure. But notice the exact same environment, the exact same conditions on the house that was built on a sand destroyed that house. And it says that the ruin of that house was great. It was funny when I looked up that word great. The word there is the Greek word mega. We use the word mega a lot. In other words, the ruin of that house was mega. It was exceedingly large. It meant building the the the building on the wrong thing makes the biggest mess because you build it so far. You build it as far as it will fail. And some things you can build really tall before they fail, but they're going to fail nonetheless if the foundation won't support it. There's a a place down in Florida, I believe, and they built this this large building on it, and it's sinking 3 in a year, I think, and they're doing everything they can do to pump up that foundation and reinforce it, but they can't do anything about it. It's built on shifting sands. They didn't do the foundation right. If you give it enough that time, that that building will sink into the ground and you'll never see it again. Great is the ruin thereof. Why? Because they built on something that was shifting, not something that was stable. Amen. Brother Bram says he never you never you notice here and in Jesus parable it's the same thing. He never said there won't be storms. But what he said was the Christian life is stable no matter what. That's what we're looking for in our lives. Amen. Why? Because it's tied to an absolute. It's anchored to something stronger than itself. That's how we're going to get through this. Now, as we've preached this before, we know there can only be one absolute because an absolute stands alone. It has all that it needs within itself. It references no one or thing. It's entire and complete in itself. Amen. So, that means our absolute can't be man-made. It can't be intellectual. It can't be theological. Amen. It'll never work. And if we build on those things, then the room whatever of whatever is built on it is going to be very great. And I have it here in my notes. Sometimes we need to recognize that we're building on something that's unstable. And what do you do when you're building on something that's unstable, church? In the in the financial world, they call it sunk costs. You get to a certain point and it doesn't matter if you move forward or go back. You're never getting your money back on what you've done. But you look at it and you say, "Is it still worth it to continue? Or is it better to just take our losses and go start again or go do something else?" And it's way better, church, if you're building on an unstable foundation, if you're not built on an absolute, to tear it down and walk away rather than keep building and building and building. Because the more you build, the greater the ruin that's on it. And that's the hardest thing to do is when you come to a place where you say, "I put I may have put weeks. I may have put months. I may have put years into building this and I realize it's not the Lord's will. Anyone else ever done that? You start down a path and you go a fair ways and then you realize God's not in it. And what do we do? Do we press on because we've invested so much time and effort? Maybe we've got a lot of of this facade of our our influence or or what people think about us built into this and we say, "I can't lose face and I can't back down." You know what? Great is the ruin thereof. We've got to be able to humble ourselves and say, "Sometimes I misstepped. I misspoke. I moved too fast. I moved in the wrong way." And just back up and say, "Lord, I'm sorry." And you kind of have to let the chips fall where they may. And what does it do? It humbles us. And it keeps us now a little more closely subject to God because we misstep so much. Amen. I'm speaking from experience. Amen. That loss is painful to do now, but it'll be way more painful if we let it keep going. So with that recognition that there is only one absolute, that the word of God is the absolute, there comes a second element of that whole thing, which is that I cannot be the absolute. If there's only one and it's not me, then I can't be it. Now that might seem obvious and yet so many times in life, I turn myself into the absolute. We turn ourselves into the absolute. We turn our mind, we turn our thoughts, we turn our feelings, we turn our emotions, we turn our perceptions into an absolute and we declare what we feel, think, believe, see, perceive, discern, whatever it to be, the truth and we don't bring it subject to the word. And what we do is we make ourselves an absolute. Amen. But if we are truly looking at God as the absolute, his word as the absolute, then if I can't be a part of it, as in I cannot add to it, then I cannot take away from it. Then that means I can't control it. I can't advise it. I can't manipulate it. I can't build it up. I can't tear it down. I only have one thing to do with an absolute. Listen and obey. That's the way it works for an absolute. And maybe in there I might be able to learn a few things as well. But it's not reliant on my learning. It's reliant on my obedience. He never said you know it all. But he says you need to obey it all. His requirement to us is to listen and obey. Amen. And that's what we do in the presence of an absolute. And when we look at Christianity today, what is it that has made us unstable? I'm not saying us. I'm saying the the the the declared Christian world. It's that humanity has made themselves the absolute. They have come up with better ways, better ideas, better methods of preaching. It's funny how I get ads. Uh somehow it's uh you know, it's figured out that I'm a preacher. And so I get ads on on software and methods to make my sermons better. And I'm a little curious to see what they're offering, but I don't have time to really go down that road. You're stuck with the way I am, folks. But I'm really curious as to what's out there. Because I'm curious what they would say is the best way to preach, the best way to develop a sermon. You know, when we were at the the First Baptist Academy there for the graduation, there was a preacher from from Burnern, I think it was, and he says, you know, there's three ways to do it. One is to to ask a question, one is to tell a story, and there was there was one other thing. And he said, I'm going to use all three today just to make sure I get your attention. But he was kind of he was kind of making light of it. But but this idea that that we know how to produce Christ better than Christ himself. It's it's insanity. But yet that's why we have 30,000 plus professing Christian denominations today is because every single one of them thinks that they know how to do things better than the Holy Spirit. I've been listening to the message choosing of a bride and brother Bam says that God gave us one thing to carry the church through to teach the church and to lead the truth. He says and that's the Holy Spirit. That's it. And if you have that, everything else will take care of itself. That's the way it's going to work. Amen. But the the the world has gotten to the place, Christians have gotten to the place where they have made themselves an absolute. And when they did that, what happened? Kab was written over the door. The glory of the Lord has departed. and they're worshiping Satan while preaching a partial word. They've got social religion now. That's what it is. It's a social religion that's brought the word subject to their ideas and therefore the word is no longer an absolute because if you correct an absolute that makes you the absolute now they have become their own absolute and they'll judge themselves because they rose themselves above the word. You know, we look in the book of Judges especially, and it has this phrase, "And every man did that which was right in his own eyes." That's where we're at today, church. That's where we're at in the message in many places. I hate to say it that way, but remember, it's got to come down into our ranks because there's a great falling away. And the great falling away is not just for outside. There's an inside falling away that's too. And what is it? It's men and women that are doing what is right in their own eyes. and they will not come subject to the word of God for this hour. And they'll come up with doctrines and they'll come up with walls and they'll come up with barriers and they'll come up with things to make you in and things to put you out and who's saved and who's not. And what is it? It's Kabad written over the door. The glory of the Lord has departed because you've made yourself the absolute. We've got people questioning the prophet, people refusing to quote the prophet, people refusing to acknowledge him as a prophet. And that man is the Holy Ghost speaking to us for this age. That's what the book of Revelation says in the third chapter. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit say to the churches through what? An angel messenger. God help me if I ever stop quoting a prophet from behind this pulpit. If I do, kick me out immediately. Amen. Because he brought us back to the absolute of an open word. I'm not listening to a prophet. I'm listening to the Holy Spirit taking me back to the absolute power of the original Pentecostal church and beyond because it will take us into a resurrection and a rapture. That's what I'm here for. I'm not here to acknowledge a prophet. I'm here to acknowledge the message that he brought from Almighty God that restored us back to the faith of the original fathers. Amen. But what do we have today in denominations? We have a race to hell because they've made themselves an absolute and they turned away from God and they're going down, down, down. Remember, brother Bram saw that vision. He says, "And they were going down, down, down. Where is the bride going? Up, up, up." That means there must be a difference between our message and theirs. Because we're going in completely different directions. This is why surrender is so important. The first element of recognizing an absolute is to recognize it's there. But if we truly believe it and accept it, we will surrender to it. Amen. We must surrender to it. We must die out to what we think and believe and what we figured out. You know, my sister-in-law when she was here, she shared a funny story about her dad after he had left, of course, and and when he was uh you know, he's a successful businessman. and he's done very well in his life. But after I think about 20 or 30 years of running his business, he's a he's a professing Christian now or or I don't know when he was or if he was throughout, but he decided to read the book of Proverbs one day. And he found that every every business principle that he applied successfully in his business to make him successful was in the book of Proverbs. And it was like, if only I'd have read this 20 or 30 years ago so I could have just done it rather than figured it out on my own by trial and error. Why? Because even though he was perhaps a professing Christian, his absolute was not the Bible. His absolute was how he was living his life and the things that worked. But the Bible had already told him how to run a successful business. Our brothers here, they have it easy. They just need to read the Bible to make a successful living. Business is not hard, is it, Brother Joe? But the principles are there. And you can find people today that are that are running their businesses. They themselves may not be a Christian or or a professing Christian, but they know the principles of the Bible. And they'll use them and they will have a successful business because why? They're going by an absolute if only for that narrow portion of their life. You know what, church? God will bless you as much as you give him room to bless you. And if you obey the word, he'll give you what he promises in that section of the word. The problem is is if we don't let it have its full effect, we don't get the full effect. And the full effect is a resurrection and a rapture. So I don't just want it in my finances. I want it in the whole thing cuz that's what's going to get me out of here. That's what's going to give us the full effect of this. Amen. Now that's very simple. It relates to money and earning a living. Amen. And people will do that. But why do we surrender to an absolute? Why are we here doing things, saying things, believing things that make 99.999999% of the world look at us and say, "She's weird. He's missing out. He's antiquated. She's old-fashioned. Why do they have that spare tire on their head? Why do they dress that way? Why don't they do this? Why don't they do that?" We have all these things that we do that make us stand out, that make us weird, that set us aside. Why would we do it? Why would we accept an absolute that can make things so uncomfortable, even painful in our lives? Why are we here tonight? Why are we here tonight? Because we know he loves us. Because we know he loves us. Because there's something that draws us to this. Amen. There's only one reason to surrender to an absolute and it's because of love. But realize church, it is not because of my love. It's because of his love. It is that eternal love. It is that predestinated love. It is that perfect love. It is that pure love that makes me accept this as an absolute. That's the only thing that will work. My love for him won't do it. It's got to be his love for me that will do it. Amen. That's the cornerstone attribute of a child of God is that they can accept the word no matter how difficult it is. Why? Because they love him. But why do we love him? Remember what Jesus said? We love him because he first loved us. Amen. Our absolute is the only one that loves us, that loved us, and will love us always in exactly the way that we need to be loved. And that's why we will hold him as an absolute is because we've preached on this before. Romans 2:28, everything that absolute does is for our good. He's not just in it for himself. He's in it for us. And so that's why we would do that. Amen. Everything that we do in our life is wrapped in this scripture. This is the whole redemption story right here, church. That he loved me when I was unlovable. He loved you before you ever loved him. And in that love is our redemption. It's our salvation. It's our cleansing. It's our justification, our sanctification. It's the preparation for the infilling of the Holy Ghost. And then it's the Holy Ghost, the love of God itself that lives within us is because he first loved us. There's an absolute and then what makes us accept it is that we know that absolute loves us. That's why we accept it today. Amen. So we have this absolute of the word of God and it directs us and it shows us his will. But wrapped around that is the love of God. Amen. which assures us that everything that's going on in our life if we are in his will is for our good. That simple. That simple. So whether the word is hard one day or whether it feels easy and loving and comforting, it doesn't matter. We still take it as an absolute because we trust his love to us. Amen. We trust his love. Amen. We surrender because what we want is what he has for us. Not what I think I want. not what I think I need. Amen. And it can't be because of what I want because sometimes what he gives us is what he wants. And it's not easy for us. It's hard. It's hard sometimes what God wants for us, isn't it? It's hard to walk away from family. It's hard to walk away from opportunity. It's hard to turn down relationships. It's hard to turn down opportunities. But every time, he's got something better for us for our eternal good. Not just down here. Amen. But it takes a new birth. Amen. It takes the indwelling of the Holy Spirit to replace our desires with his desires, our plans with his plans. Amen. Our opinions for his truth and all these things. It takes the working of Almighty God. And that's what this whole series has been on is what does the Holy Ghost do in the mind and in the body and in the soul of a believer. And I want to just walk us through this a little bit tonight. And I want to do it in a table form. I'm channeling my inner brother Mark here a little bit. Amen. Because I think it's easier when we look at this in this form. Amen. And so we see here on the left side, we've got our heritage. So our bloodline, our our personality, our spirit, we call it our nature, the inward man. We have our controlling influences. And then we have the fleshly desires of the outward man. So these are the the primary elements that the new birth deals with. And so if we look at our natural birth, now notice I've called it here. Our natural birth is true. It is not truth, but it is true. And it is of the will of man. Amen. So our bloodline under our natural birth is that we are a child of dad and mom. And when we look at the scripture, it says that we are children of wrath. This is our natural bloodline whether we realize it or not. Now what about our our inward man? Our nature. When we look at Ephesians 2:2, it says that we are under a spirit of disobedience. Doesn't matter if you're raised in the message. Doesn't matter if you're raised in a Christian home. under your natural birth, you are under a spirit of disobedience to the word of God. Then we look at what are our controlling influences. And we look here and the way I'll put it is they are inconsistent and variable. We have our emotions, we have our environment, we have our relationships, politics, money, sensuality. And these things can be of God or they can be of Satan. We can be under the influence of God in our natural birth. Absolutely we can. Absolutely we can. But we can't be fully yielded. But we can be influenced by that. You can see people that were under the influence of God and yet they were completely lost. Look at Balum. Look at Judas. Still under the influence but not under a new birth. But this this idea of controlling influence is an interesting one because we've got a world influence. that's global now that says you can to everything that you say. Whatever you think, whatever you want, whatever you believe, they say, "Yep, that's good. You can do it." And what is it? The word of God will come behind and says, "No, you can't." We're stuck in this idea that if we believe we can do it, we can do it. And guess what? We can't. We can't change anything in this column in and of ourselves. We can't change the truth of it. We can't change the way it was done. We can't change where we come from. We can't change the way we react. We can't change any of these things on our own. Amen. We're doomed in our own humanity. And then we look at our fleshly desires and we have five inner senses and we have five outer senses. Amen. And that's Romans 7:23 tells us that. But now we come to the new birth. And when we look at the new birth, our heritage changes now. We go from a natural birth that is true and now we come to a new birth. And this is what I say is truth because this is of the will of God. It is by an absolute. It is not by the will of mom and dad. Amen. And that's John3. Who are born not of the will of man but of the will of God. Okay? That's our natural birth. So our our our new birth. So with that, you've got to see what's happening. Now when you go into a new birth, it changes your focus. It doesn't just change your focus. It changes the reality that you get to live in because we went here from true to truth. I can't change. It's true that I was born to Lanny and Sandy Klette. But that is true. But the truth is that I am born of God. And that takes precedence. That is absolute above and beyond anything that I get from Lanny, anything I get from Sandy. It is subject to the absolute of my new birth. Because that was before I am. That was before I did anything, before I inherited anything. I was this. So this is the power of the new birth is it turns you back to the absolute for yourself. And you can see yourself now as part of the absolute. It's not just a new birth. It's a restoration back to the original place that you came from. It shows you the seed source of who you are today. That's what the new birth is about. It's to restore you to truth. Not just which was, but because of it, that which shall be. And that which even is today, even if we don't see it. That's what the new birth does. That's what the Holy Spirit does. Now, watch our bloodline. We're a child of mom and dad. But now, we come in and we see what we are a child of God. And that takes precedence now over whatever hold mom and dad have on us. Whatever influence, whatever rights they have to us, God has a higher right because it is under an absolute of truth, not under the will of man. What about our nature, the inward man? We come from a spirit of disobedience. Now we come into a new spirit. Brother Graham says it's one that can get along with God. It's compatible with God. And that we see that in Ezekiel 36:26 or Romans 7:22. We have a new spirit. That is a new nature. That is a new way of responding to things. And it is better. But it is not best. But it allows you to get along with God. It gives you the nature of a dove instead of a wolf. Now we look at controlling influences. We said before they were inconsistent and variable. One day we could say it this way. God is influencing you. The next it's Satan. Sometimes it's within the same hour. Sometimes it's within the same minute. Okay? But now what happens is under the new birth, we come under a different influence. And our influence is the absolute because it is the literal spirit of truth. That's what Jesus called it. Amen. It is the Holy Spirit. It is God himself dwelling inside. Now you have somebody in the control tower at all times because he is sealed into your soul. There is no moment in and out. Your soul is sealed. He can't get out and nothing can get in. Your soul is sealed to the day of your redemption. The scripture says you are under the absolute control of the Holy Spirit in your soul. Okay. Then we come to this last one, fleshly desires. And this is where we hit a snag because the fleshly desires never change. You want to read that, go to Romans 7:23. We've read it before, preached on it, so I won't do it again today. But in all of that, the only thing that doesn't change are those fleshly desires. And if we look at this row on the right now, the new birth, you would say, you know what? I'm set for success. And you are. How can you lose with that? You can't lose. You're not going to lose. You will not lose. You're going to win. You're going to overcome. Amen. That's a winning combination. But it's that last woo. That's the fly in the ointment, isn't it? It's the fly in your soup. Everything's good until you see that fly. And you say, "We've got a problem. We've got a problem." And it's a really big problem. Amen. Because the only thing that doesn't change under the new birth is the desires for of this body. It just doesn't. And I'm going to go into that just for a moment so you don't misunderstand me. Amen. I'm not saying the new birth doesn't change our desires. It does. And if you haven't had your desires changed, you haven't had a new birth. Such were some of you. Right? This was Paul said to the Corinthians, "Your desires have been changed." But yet you look in Romans 7 and Paul says, "Listen, when I would do evil, when I would do good, evil's with me. And that which I would do, I don't do. And that which I wouldn't do, I do." This is the Holy Ghost fililled prophet of the age. He's the angel messenger to the Ephesian church age. And Paul says, "And I think I have the Holy Ghost." He did have the Holy Ghost, but yet he b he battled every single day of his life. Prophet of God, angel, messenger. So what doesn't change is your fleshly desires. Amen. Now remember what brother Bram says. He said, "I smoke as much as I want to. I drink as much as I want to." And I say the same thing. I smoke and drink and curse as much as I want to. Which is what? Not at all. I don't have a desire for that. I It's not even a a desire I'm conquering. It's not there. Okay? It's not there. But I've never had a real taste of alcohol or smoking or partying or anything. Never really had a desire for it in the first place. So, I would say it's grace that's holding me. I haven't conquered anything. But some of you have had alcohol. Some of you have smoked. Some of you have partied. Some of you have done these things maybe that we not maybe that we shouldn't be doing that we shouldn't be doing but you did them anyways. Right. That's right. We all have these little things we've done. Some of us have done bigger things. Amen. But there's there's a difference between the inward man and the outward man. Okay. So I say I don't have any desire to to to party or drink or curse or any of those things. Amen. But that doesn't mean I can't be tempted by something I don't actively desire. Now that sounds like a paradox, but let me explain it simply. Amen. I don't want to listen to worldly music. I can say I don't have a desire for worldly music. Okay? But when I was a young person, I listen to a lot of worldly music on the slide. I listen to certain types of worldly music. I have favorite bands. I have favorite singers. today. If you told me a a certain song that you know that I used to listen to, if you give me enough time, I can probably come up with the lyrics to it or at least a portion thereof. Okay. What does that tell me, church? In your unconverted state, your flesh will tell you what your flesh desires and you'll do it. So, what that tells me, I hope I'm not shocking anyone tonight, is that brother John Curlet, your pastor's body likes certain types of worldly music. That's what it was drawn to and that's what it fed on. It didn't feed on things it didn't like. I can't stand rap music. Can't stand it. But listen, I know believers that listen to rap music before they got saved, but that was their fleshly desire. Okay? So I say this today, God knows my heart. I don't have a desire today to go listen to worldly music. I don't have a desire to add it to my Spotify list and listen to it when nobody else is around. I don't. Okay. But if I walk into a into a a place that is playing that music that I specifically listen to and if I dwell on it, then what happens? I remember what it was like. I remember how it felt and my body will say, "Hey, I like that." My body will say that. Absolutely. If I stay there long enough, my body will remember, "Hey, this was good stuff back in the day." Okay. But what happens is when I walk out of that store, the music stays there. It doesn't come with me. Okay? Why? Because my body responds to it, but my soul does not. It is a desire. It is not a hunger. There's nothing in here looking to feed on. Amen. Why, church? Because that music is at war with my soul. Hallelujah. That's why I don't want it. Is because there's something inside of me that is greater than what this flesh would desire. And the one that's on the inside wins over the one that's on the outside. There is no hunger there. Why? Because I've passed from death unto life. But that doesn't mean if I stayed there long enough, this body wouldn't start to enjoy it. Amen. But it wars against my soul. Now, I'm going to speak to men because I'm a man. I know how men are. You put a beautiful woman in front of a man and showing off her body. I don't care who you are, your body will respond. Your flesh will enjoy that. That is the nature of our bodies. We're hardwired to be that way. Okay? That's the way it is. But if you are a son of God, you'll do one thing. Turn your head. Why? Because the flesh would desire to look at it, but the soul says, "That's not for me. I'm saving myself. I have somebody at home waiting for me." Remember what brother Brown said? I've got someone waiting at home with me that's trusting me to turn my head. That's why we do it. There's something inside of us that do it. But let me share you. If you don't believe me, can I share with you what your prophet said? He's mine, too. Listen to this. Okay? He's talking about dancing and he's talking about a man that would take another woman into his arms or just a woman into his arms that's not his wife. Look how he says this. He says, "I don't care how saintly a man is as long as he's human. He cannot take the other sex in his arm, a female, without having a human sensation." He says, "And I don't care. You tell me that and I'll tell you you're telling a story." So if anybody was shaking their head while I was saying these words, you just told on yourself. He says, "If you're a man, you're going to feel something." He says, "And if you're a red-blooded man, if you're really a man, it's that way." He says, "You can't help it. You're a human." But catch this now. He says, "I don't say you do anything wrong now, but the sensation's there just exactly the same." In other words, he's saying you're not wrong for what you're feeling cuz the body's going to feel it no matter what you do. Amen. The flesh is hardwired. says the sensation is there, but it's just a sensation. But what makes it wrong? What makes it wrong is that it's feeding a sensation in your body that's only belonging to one other person. You know, it's wrong to have that sensation with that other woman or that other person. And that's what makes it wrong is that sensation is dedicated to one woman and that's your wife. Whether or not you have one, it's for your future wife. We preserve ourselves, men and women alike, for those things. Amen. doing it, knowing the reaction you're having is what makes it wrong. Amen. Knowing what your intentions or motives were in doing that, that's what makes it wrong. The body likes it and that's all there is to it. And there's never anything that's going to take that away until you get a perfect body. Cuz remember, Brother Brand, when he went on the other side, he says they came up and they hugged him. He says, "And I felt nothing." And this is what he's referring to. I felt no sensation, my precious brother. Amen. It'll take a body change to get rid of that sensation. Amen. Listen to what James said. He says, "Every man is tempted when he's drawn away of his own lust and enticed." Amen. So notice now there's a temptation that's of our own making. In other words, we put ourselves in the situation knowing what's probably going to be there or knowing what's definitely going to be there. And because we know our bodies will enjoy it, we put ourselves in a situation to do that. And what do we do? We go to a place that's got the wrong atmosphere. It's got the wrong music. It's got the wrong people. It's got the wrong scenery. And we know it's not right to be there, but we do it anyways. James says that's when you're tempted. And you are enticed and you're drawn into something you ought not to do because you knew going in what was going to be there. And you went anyways. That wasn't God tempting you. That was you tempting you. Sometimes we don't set ourselves up to be tempted. Amen. We don't control our environments at all times, do we? You go to work, listen, sometimes people are going to talk about certain things. They're going to play certain types of music. They're going to try and show things. They're going to get you to look at things. And what do you have to do? You got a choice. Do I stay or do I go? And sometimes the temptation is because we elect to stay rather than use our feet for discernment. Remember what happened with Joseph? Joseph's in the house alone. Piper's wife comes. She tries to seduce him. He says, "No, your your your your husband has given everything into my hands except you, and I can't I can't do anything that would dishonor him." And what did he do? He used his feet for discernment. And the scripture says he fled. He ran away. He didn't stick around. Sometimes the victory we need, church, is to run away. Not fighting at all is the victory we need. Many times to overcome is to turn Satan down. That's what we're looking for. Amen. Turn him down. Don't get entangled in it. You know, they've got that saying, discretion is the better form of valor. You know, Jesus, do you know Jesus preached that? He said, remember what king? He says, going to battle with 10,000 soldiers coming up against another king that has 20,000 sits down and figures out, can I win with my 10,000? And he said, if I can't if he can't win with that 10,000, what does he do? He says, while he's still a long ways off, he sends out ambassadors for peace to try and come to terms. Why? because he knows he's not going to win. In other words, discretion is better than fighting knowing you're going to lose. Don't get in the fight in the first place. Amen. Don't let the fact that you're a Christian make you think you can you can overcome any temptation because it is of if it is of your own making, you're going to fall. That's what James says. But now we have a temptation that's of God. And that temptation is very different. But let me let me finish this thought real quickly before we move on. Now, Brother Bram's talking about this because if we put ourselves in a place where our flesh is weak and we don't have the Holy Ghost, let me tell you, we're going to lose. If we do have the Holy Ghost, now it's up in the air because we lose with the Holy Ghost sometimes because what do we do? We suppress him. We push him away. We go against what he wants us to do. We know what we're getting into and we do it anyways. I can't say what God does in those situations. I've seen it go both ways. Now, watch this. He's talking now about a young man that wants to live right but has not had the new birth. He says, "Here's a little lady twisting herself down the street and here's a young fellow. His eyes catch it. He's a member of the church, but the first thing you know, he says there's no tie post in there." In other words, this young man has not received the Holy Ghost. She'll say, "Hello." He's got curly hair, kind of nicel looking, straight shouldered young man, maybe tried to live right. He says, she starts walking up to him, even a preacher. The first thing you know, he says, "What is it?" He says, "This out here, the flesh desire, and the spirit down here, yet anointed, saying, don't do it. Don't do it." Notice there's two desires that are waring. Now, the inner man under the influence of the Holy Spirit is saying, "Don't do it. Walk away." And yet the flesh, the the physical body, the flesh, is saying, "You know, you want to stay around. This could be good." Okay? It's a it's a paradox. And yet even as a child of God, that paradox can exist in your body that your soul is screaming no by the spirit of God inside of you. And the flesh is screaming yes, yes, yes. That's what Paul told us. When I want to do good, evil's with me. And sometimes I do that which I would not do. And what I want to do, I don't do it. There's a paradox. There's a battle. There's a war. That's why we have a war every day is because we're fighting things that this flesh wants every day. That's why Paul said, "I crucify my flesh how often." Every single day. Because there's a battle. There's a fight every day. Remember, for a child of God, this is tough. For a child of hell, it's no contest, church. He's going to go down in flames. He says, "But what will it do?" He says, "It'll move right around there." Hold. There it goes. What the? He says, "This is a man that is a young man that has an anointing on him, maybe even anointed to preach, but there's no typost. He has not received the new birth." He says, "And so he'll stick around to see what happens. He'll enjoy the opportunity." He says, "First thing you know, he's trying to make a date with her." Now, I'm preaching to the young people tonight. I want you to understand the battles you're in. And I want you to understand that the fact that you're tempted does not make you not a child of God. Temptation is not a sin. The scripture says Jesus was tempted. It says he was tempted without sin. And if he is our example, if he's the first of many brethren, that means that you too as a child of God can be tempted without sin. Why? Because the body wants what the body wants. And that's hardwired in. And there's no getting rid of that until you get a new body. But what is it going to take? It's going to take an absolute. It's going to take a changing of the inward man. the desires that matter there that are greater than that of the flesh to cause us to come to a place of overcoming in these situations. Amen. Every child of God will have fleshly desires that are contrary to the word. Every child of God will have fleshly desires that are contrary to the word. That's why this flesh has to be changed. You notice nothing else has to be changed when we're caught up. Soul's already been sealed. We got a new spirit that'll work just fine over there. We got the spirit of God. We got everything we need except what? This stinking flesh. There's a reason it has to be changed because it's got its own mind. It's got its own will. It's got its own desires. But look, temptation itself is not wrong. It's just a choice. That's all temptation is, is a choice. And there are temptations that are of God, and there are temptations that are of ourselves. We read what James said, but look at what Paul said, and this is in the the CSB version of the Bible. It says, "No temptation has come upon you except what is common to humanity." He says, "But God is faithful. He will not allow you to be tempted beyond what you are able. But with the temptation, he will also provide the way out so that you may be able to bear it." So temptation of God always shows you the exit. It shows you a way out. The way out is not to fight. The way out is to walk away. You You fight temptation by walking away, not by trying to overcome it. You disengage. You use your feet for discernment. You get yourselves out of the situation. And I can say this because I've been there. There are ways we do things in life where we know this is what's going to happen if I keep doing this tonight or when nobody's home or when I'm here or when I'm with that person. I know the way it's going to go because you fall once, you fall twice, you fall three times. You learn the patterns with your own flesh. I'm speak I'm preaching from experience, church. And so what do you do when you see you're taking the first step? You say, "Uh uh uh, we're walking a different direction." And you go in a completely different direction. You use your feet for discernment. You walk away from the opportunity. And that's the daily choice. Amen. But if we put ourselves in a position to be tempted, that's not of God. Amen. And if we do that knowing the weakness and desires of this body, then it's on us what happens after that. And we've we're going to reap what we sow in those things. Amen. But as we've said before, you might be able to go places and do things and be around people that I can't. And that's perfectly okay. I'm not here to tell you what's right and wrong in your life. I'm here to preach the word. God will apply it by the spirit in your life as to what's right and wrong with you. I can't work at a car dealership because I guarantee you every year I'd have a deal I couldn't pass up when I come home with the latest and greatest and most beautiful car because I like cars. I can't work at a donut factory. Can't work at a potato chip factory. Some people can listen. I go into these fast food restaurants and you see people that are that are skinny and you say, "How in the world are you skinny?" Now, if you ask them, it's usually it's my first day here. But occasionally there's that relic that's been there for a long time and they're still skinny. Why? They can handle it. But I couldn't handle working at a Tims or a doughnut shop or something like that. Amen. Why? Because those are chinks in this armor. Whether you believe it or not, but you've got chinks in your armor. And brother Bram says those are things you got to keep up keep covered by one thing, prayer. Which means you have to acknowledge that the is there in the first place. that you are not so absolutely im impenetrable that Satan can't get to you. And let me add this, if you'll allow me, cover it with prayer and intentional actions. Think before you move and say, "Why am I doing this?" Like I said, because if we're truly honest with ourselves, we know the steps we take to fall into temptation. Amen. But why is it we don't go down this road? Why don't I work in a donut factory today? It's because I've accepted an absolute. It's because we've surrendered to an absolute. Amen. We've given up the opportunity to find out if we like something for the promise of that which has caught our attention. Amen. I'm going for an inheritance incorruptible, above and beyond what we could ever ask or think. Eye has not seen. ear has not heard what God has prepared for those that love him. I'll take that over that which does canker and rust, burn, fall apart. I'll take that every single day. But I've ought to do it because I've accepted an absolute because I believe something that's greater than what's offered me here today. So, we give up an opportunity to find out if we'd like something. Now, here's the thing. I'm telling you, as a child of God, in the long run, you wouldn't. Anyways, I've always said I was always worried about what would happen if I gave my heart to the Lord and would I like being a Christian. Remember me saying that? Well, of course I'd like it because I'm miserable the way I am. But somehow we put it off because we think, well, I don't know. I don't know if I'll like it. I don't know if I can do it. Church, if there's a call there, respond to it. There's a reason it's there is because there's something inside of you that wants to be what God is calling you to be and do in your life. Amen. So yes, we turn things down, but I say we absolutely gain things here, too. You remember when remember when uh Peter and the apostles, Jesus said, "No man, you know, can come except he give up everything. But if he does, then then he'll have all these things." And Peter says, "Hey, we've we've given up everything for you. What about us?" He says, "You will have a hundfold here and in the kingdom to come." And I look around and I see we have more than most. I look at the marriages. I've talked to some of the brothers here. some of you with good marriages. And guess what? We have better marriages than most, whether we realize it or not. We have better children than most. We have better finances than most. We have a better balance than most. We have better health than most. Why? Because when we live by an absolute, it does what's best for us. And it keeps us in a healthy state of balance by the word of God. We benefit here above and beyond. And the things that most people really wish mattered in their life. And the things that they love the most are the things that destroy the things they wish they had most. You know, I I I there's a a man I see walking around my neighborhood from time to time and he's a big big man. Big man. And he's wearing the big some of the biggest shirts I've ever seen. And yet when he walks it still it still only comes to about here. And so he's got about 3 in of belly hanging out under a shirt at all times. And what's he doing? He's out walking with his wife trying to be healthy. His desire is to be healthy, but he's got a greater desire for something else in his life. And it's completely conquered him. What a shame. What a shame that he's missing out on something because he has what? Yielded to an absolute that has total power over him. Now, why are we better here? Not better people. Why do we have a greater inheritance here? Because we've surrendered to an absolute. That's why. It's the only reason why. Amen. And with that power, with that absolute comes power to live a life that works for your good according to the will and word of God. But if we look back at this table, we look at that last row and we see that that last row is the great weakness. And we're talking about absolute power. And when we look there, we've got to understand one thing. For this power to work, that has to become subject. It's the only way that this can work. Amen. It's our greatest weakness. Everything else has been changed. When you look at the influence that's changed, our inward man, our bloodline, our heritage, everything's changed. That's supernatural. You're a supernatural people tonight. You're a supernatural bride tonight. But yet, we're still in a battle. And yet, church, and this is where we're going with this series. And yet we're coming to a place where what we speak happens. What we desire comes to pass. What we judge is judged as we judge it. Yet in that per imperfect fleshly body, how's it going to happen? That's what we're going to get into. Amen. These bodies are still subject to those five inner and outer senses if we let them have it. Amen. And it's because of that weakness that we cannot be the absolute. We can tie ourselves to the absolute. We can let an absolute work through us, but we cannot be it oursself. Now, we can be, we're going to get into how we can be, but but but in our totality, we can't be a part of the absolute that way here. we're going to go be a part of it. But here there's a limitation on what we can do. We've got a limitation of the spirit because there's a limitation of the flesh. Now, it's not going to hold us back. But what it does is it has to come to a place where it's replaced. It's it's not even repaired. Scripture says it's going to be swallowed up. Every trace of sin will be swallowed up when we're completely swabbed in eternal life. That's what's going to happen to this body. Amen. Because why? This flesh in and of itself is completely incapable of pleasing God or producing the word in itself. It cannot do it. Remember what Paul said. He said, "I know that in me," and he clarifies. He says, "That is in my flesh dwelleth no good thing. For to will is present with me, but how to perform that which is good, I find not." So this is what gets in the way of absolute power. This is what gets in the way of God working through us is the nature of our flesh. Amen. And so the only hope we have is to take flesh out of the equation. It it's funny. When I was in university, they were they were uh you know they're teaching us mathematics of course from an engineering standpoint and we're going through all these things and they have different ways to make assumptions to make equations easier to solve. And the idea is to get rid of the really clunky things so that it's really straightforward. And so they told a joke, you know, and they they've got a a uh a physicist in in the uh they've got three guys that are in a in a on a on an island, and they each have a can of of food, but they have no tools to open it. And one is a one is a physicist, one is an engineer, and one is a mathematician. And so they they arrived, you know, they were rescued a few days later and they saw two of the cans were open and and one of them wasn't. And they come up to the physicist. They said, "How'd you get your can open?" He says, "Well, I'm a physicist." He says, "I know the the the the rules of of mechanics." He said, "I understood exactly what I needed to open this up. I I knew how this was going to work." So he said, "I just I just cracked it on a rock exactly where it needed to go and boom, it popped right open. It was it was easy." They talked to the engineer. They said, "How'd you get yours open?" He said, "I'm an engineer." He says, "I can do stress analysis in my head. I just found the weakest point. Hit it there and it popped open." Says, "Then they went to the mathematician. They said, "How come you couldn't get your your can open?" And he says, "Well," he said, "I started with the assumption that the can is open to make it easy." That's what mathematicians do. They try and simplify. They do things easy. He took the can out of the equation, but that doesn't work when the can's the only thing in the equation. Right? Assume the can is open. Assume the can is open. Doesn't work. Right? That's what sometimes we're doing is we're sitting here saying, assume the flesh doesn't exist. You can't do that. You got to deal with it. You got to deal with it. We're in a battle, church. We're in a fight. We're in a fight. You can't just take it out of the equation by saying it's not there. I don't have desires I fight. I don't have habits I struggle with. I don't have besetting sins. I don't have things that are from my past I keep trying to come up. Church, you do that, you've lost already. Amen. You take it out of the equation by crucifying it daily by the power of the Holy Spirit in your life. That's the only way it's going to work. Amen. Paul's here saying here, he's saying, "I'm built to fail. I'm built to fail. There's nothing here that can do what I want to do. I am completely void of doing good. That's what the prophet of the age said. Ever feel that way? Ever have a day where you just think, I am not built to do what I'm doing? Not built to be a husband. Not built to be a wife. Not built to be a businessman. Not built to be a pastor. Not built to homeschool kids. Not built to be a mom. Not built to be a song leader, musician, whatever it is we're doing. Not built to be an ops manager. Matt, hey, we have days where it seems like we have nothing that we need to get the job done, and we're just an abject failure. Can't even take care of ourselves, much less everybody else. Anybody else ever feel that from time to time? Anybody else feel that all the time? Me and Joe, two hands up. The more you take on, the more you feel that way. You know, ever feel like you just keep reaching and you never grab hold. Remember, you ever see that picture of the carrot that's on the stick out in front of you and you can never get the carrot? It's like the greyhounds when they race, they're chasing something that they're never allowed to catch. It's a mechanical rabbit is what it is. But they say if they ever catch it, they'll never race again cuz they've done it. They've achieved it. But here's the thing. God does not leave us in a place where we don't achieve. Amen. Listen, if you feel that you're failing more than winning, that you can't just get there, let me tell you, you're in good company because it's you and the Apostle Paul in the same boat. Okay? Listen to this. He says, ' Unless I should be exalted above measure. Through the abundance of the revelations, there was given to me a thorn in the flesh, the messenger of Satan to buffet me, lest I should be exalted above measure. For this I besought the Lord thrice that it might depart from me. Paul prayed for deliverance for healing three times. Now that's two more than he would normally have to pray. He says, "And he said unto me, my grace is sufficient for thee, for my strength is made perfect in weakness. Most gladly, therefore, will I glory in my infirmities, that the power of Christ may rest upon me." He says, "Now, therefore, I take what? Pleasure." This is another one of those groan portions of the sermon. Oh, man. I take pleasure in infirmities, in reproaches, in necessities, in persecutions, in distresses for Christ's sake. For when I am weak, then am I strong. Why, church? How did he get the flesh out of the way? He recognized it had nothing to profit in the first place. He realized that the trying was the thing that he needed to stop doing. Paul's prayer was based on the fact that his issue in his body, they believe he had an eye problem. He couldn't see very well. Okay? And he was praying because he said, "Lord, this is holding back my ministry." Was it holding back his ministry? Absolutely, church. If you can't see, it holds you back in every aspect of your life pretty much. So, yes, it was holding him back. But if we look at the Bible, did it keep him from completing his job? No. So it was it was an it was a nuisance but it had no power over him. It was there. It was a daily struggle but it never stopped Paul from getting the job done. Okay? Why? Because the weakness of Paul doesn't stop the strength of God. That's what we're looking for. My strength will never get me where I need to go. I'm better off being weak and let the power of God work in me to get the job done. And we look at Paul, whether he's on the road, whether he's being shipwrecked, whether he's in prison, where he whether he's in freedom, whether he's in Arabia, whether he's in Jerusalem, it doesn't matter. Wherever Paul is, church, he's getting his job done regardless of his condition. Amen. What was it? It was the weakness of Paul that allowed God to use him yet more mightily. And what did it do church? It increased Paul's testimony. That if I can do it as nearly blind, anyone can do it. Our limitation is not God's limitation. Our power does not dominate. It is taken out of the equation so that his power can reign supreme in our lives. Amen. Sometimes the issue we have is the same as Paul's is we're saying, "God, make me more able." And God's saying, "How about you let me do it for you? How about you let me open the door? How about you let me make the way? How about how about you let me give you the patience, the strength, the tenacity, the commitment, whatever it is we're need, it may be health." How about saying, "Lord, work beyond the health. Lord, work beyond my mental weakness. Lord, work beyond the things that drag me down day by day." And say, "Lord, I'm looking for you to be able, not for me to be able." See, we want to be part of what's happening. And that's not a bad thing. But the power has to be through him, not through me. The power has to be him, not through you. Amen. We want God to make us strong rather than God to be strong in us. That's never going to work. Amen. We want to know rather than letting God's wisdom stand and just following him in simple obedience. Amen. Brother Brown would say this. He says one of the most one of the important things we must master. Then he says, "Now remember this, and especially you young preachers and lay members alike, I like that church." What's he doing? He's telling you, you and me, we're on the same plane. There's no difference here. We're all fighting the same battles. We still got the same issues. We're still in flawed flesh. Amen. We're all fighting the same battle from the pulpit to the back door. He says, "Now lay members alike." He says, "If there's one thing that we've got to master if we expect to fulfill God's desire in our life, how many want to fulfill God's desire in their life?" Here's your answer. He says, "We must, we have to what? We've got to master the thought of human ability. In other words, that you're going to get it done or I'm get it done because we have this ability built into us to do it in the first place. I've said it before, if we could, we'd have already done it. But we can't. He says, "If we ever get to a spot where we think that we can do it with our own intelligence and our own abilities, we've got to master that in such a way that we can get rid of the thing and lay it aside so that God can use us." That's right. He says, "And make a complete surrender." We're talking about getting the flesh out of the equation. And the hardest thing with this is when you have gifts. If you don't have gifts, if you don't have abilities, there's not much to lay down. But you got to lay it all down nonetheless. But if you do, you lay it down. And if he picks it up, that's on him. Just make sure I'm not the one picking it up. He says, "And make a complete surrender." We cannot use one ability. We've got to make a complete surrender. He says, "And to come to God, you've got to surrender to him. Soul, body, and spirit. Everything that you are has to be surrendered to God in order that he can work his will in you and in me." He says, "Now that's hard." I know. Is it hard? Is it hard to lay your career in his hands, church? I have done that my entire life. It's funny. I um I use a particular software and they sent me a survey today and they they asked me to fill it out and and offer me a $10 Amazon gift card if I would. So, I said, "Okay, I'll do that." And it was very in-depth because they're wanting to know what professionals do and what they believe and what they're seeking for and what they're trying to do. And they had all these things they wanted you to rank what's important and what's not important. And so they had in there uh you know building professional connections to ensure that you have a a strong career. Not at all important doesn't matter to me. Okay, they talked about ambition. Not important. Why? Because that's not going to get me anything except in trouble. But what I have found is if I will do what he wants me to do, he'll raise me as high as I can handle. That's it. They they have this thing called the the Peter principle, which is you you you go as high as you can fail and then you stay. Well, really what you need to do is go one level down from where you're failing because that was the last thing you could do in your job. But let me tell you, with my ambition, it'll take me all the way to failure. But if I can do what he wants, he'll take me exactly where I need to go to hold my life in balance, to hold my family in balance, to hold my finance in balance, he'll keep me content there. Everything I have need of is if I will just lay that ambition over to him. I'm sure somebody over there when they look over that result is going to be very confused because I have competing things because for me I I I have a a strong um uh focus on on financial well-being. I like to manage my money well. I don't like to waste money. I like to stay on budget. I like to do all of these things. And so I have that as a high priority, but then my ambition is low. And they're probably saying, "This guy's going to have problems." But I don't because one has nothing to do with the other. And I should probably be letting go of some of the the financial things as well. It's not that I don't, but I'm just trying to say there are things that we don't have to worry about. We don't have to fight for. We don't have to struggle for cuz God provides those as much as we have need of it. And I've seen it in the I've seen the lives of many of us where God at the drop of a hat will make a change in your life that gives you exactly what you need at the moment you need it. He says, "But that's hard. I know cuz we're always wanting to put our part in something. We know we know that we want to do it. It's this isn't a bad thing. It's not like we're trying to take over. It's just that we want to be involved. If you got a heart for God, you want to do something. I believe that's what he's talking about here. You got a heart to do something for God. But he says, we say, "Well, I just know it should be done this way." Now, that's where stubbornness comes in. He says, "But as long as you're doing it that way, it's going to be wrong. And God will never use that effort." Paul came to the place where he said, "God, I'm going to praise you all the more because it doesn't matter what condition I'm in, where I'm at, whether I'm in the sea cuz I'm shipwrecked cuz whether I'm shaken off a snake cuz I finally got onto land, whether I'm in chains, whether I'm in prison, whether I'm free, whether I'm in the sand, whether I'm in the water, it doesn't matter. Wherever I go, you use me." And you get the job done through this broken vessel. Despite everything that I could I could hinder it with, you still get the job done. How? Crucify the flesh daily. That's all he's doing. Amen. Paul's sitting there, you know, he says, "I've written this large letter there." They say it's because the letter was big because he had to write in such big letters because his eyesight was so bad. He says, "This one I've written with my own hand." A lot of Paul's letters he didn't write himself. He had a scribe there to help him out. And he'll sometimes he'll name that man that did it for him. But Paul comes to the place, remember, so he's got this problem in his body. He's got this flaw with his eyesight. And yet Paul comes to the place where he says, "I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me. He still uses me. He still gets the job done even with my weaknesses." I say hallelujah this evening that he can use an old stubborn mule like me to preach the word. They can use some of you in ways that before you never could have been used. And yet here you are as a blessing to the body of Jesus Christ today. Why? Because you've laid it down and you've let him flow through you. Some in the most simplest of ways. And yet it's still the absolute power of God working in your life to be a blessing, to be a help to the body of Christ. And then we're preaching on absolute power. And the key we're seeing is that we've got no part to play. Strengths and weaknesses do not enter into it. See, we think strengths should be in it and then we say think then we think that our weaknesses would keep us out of it. No. One doesn't get us in and one doesn't keep us out. They are both of no value to God. That's not what's getting us there. It's when we surrender and lay down and we say, "Lord, just use me as you can and as you will." That's when we're going to get the results in these things. But our strength and our power comes from one thing. It's based on an absolute that was before we ever were and that will continue for eternity. I want to read again from that CSB version of the Bible. It says, "God isn't a man that he would lie or a human being that he would change his mind. Has he ever spoken and not done it or promised and not fulfilled it?" Amen. That's our anchor. That's our absolute. That's our power this evening is that we know that his word can't fail. Two quotes as we close. Brother Bram says, "I'm tied to the ultimate." He says, "That's the end of all strife." You're fighting tonight. You're dealing with the situation. Got you all worked up. Got you all worked down. Beat down. Beat up. Isn't that funny how English works? You can be beat up and beat down and it means the same thing. going through the mill all topsyturvy, twisted up and spit out. He says, "That's the end of all strife. Find your place in the word. Find what God said about it." He says, "I'm tied to it." He says, "That's my life." He says, "I was a sinner when Christ saved me and I met something and since that came into me, it's been different. I'm tied to it. Everything that I am is tied right there." And then God separating his life and let me live in him and him and me. He says, "Then we're tied." See, this is where we're going for the next service. He says, "It's you and me. Me and you." Oh, you're a part of the absolute. That's the revelation. This is you are a part of the absolute, but you're a part. You're a part. But it's it's better to be a part than not a part. Let me tell you that for sure. You're a part of the absolute. It's Christ in you and you in Christ. He says it doesn't matter. Doesn't make any differences what others want to believe. To the individual, you are tied to that word church. This church is not going in a rapture. Individuals are going in a rapture. He says that's your ultimate. That's the last word. And then if he is the word, then this must be the last word. This must settle it. He's talking about his Bible. He taps on it there. I took that out. He says, "Whatever that says, that's that scarlet thread. That is Christ. And anything contrary to that, I know nothing about it." He says, "That's what we want to know is what this word says. For I am tied to Christ and Christ is the word." Amen. God bless you. Let's stand. You know, I find this I know I keep saying it simple, but the principles of the Christian walk are simple. And the principle of the Christian walk is this. You take the word, you believe the word, you act on the word, you become the word. That's the principle. You hear it, you believe it, you act on it, you become of it. Amen. If you act on the word of God, then the word of God will do what it says it will do. Amen. You know, many times we're praying and we should. Many times we're believing and we should, but we stop there instead of acting on what we're praying for and believing for. We don't talk. We don't confess. We don't testify about it. Amen. If we try, if we truly believe, we need to act on what we believe. Amen. We need to speak on it every day. Now, I'm not talking about saying words every day, though we ought to. I believe we ought to say what the word says. Amen. But sometimes our attitude is the real testimony. Sometimes our attitude really shows, do I believe or do I not believe? It really shows what influence we're under right now. And whether the flesh is winning because Satan's trying to beat us up through the flesh, or whether the soul is winning because the spirit is working out through the word. Amen. The way we handle things, the way we keep moving forward, the way we press on, the way we can stay cheerful and content even when it's not going the way we want it to go. Even when it's not going the way the word says it's going to go. Remember Abraham against all hope believed in hope. Ignoring those things that were, he confessed those things that were not as if they were and was mighty in God in faith. Our attitude is our greatest testimony. I find we can say a lot of things because as believers, we know the right words, but our attitude will show whether we really believe those words and whether we're tied to those things. Amen. I say tonight, let's let our attitude speak. Amen. Speak the right words. I'm not saying not to, but let's let our attitude speak as to where we're at, what we believe, what we've confessed, where we're at with the word of God. Amen. I say, God, let our attitudes reflect what we say, not just our words. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, I am so thankful you provided a way, Lord, to take this flesh out of the equation, Lord, that we could come, Lord, not just in strength, but we could come in weakness, Lord, in any condition. And if we will surrender to you, you can use us. Not just you can use us, Lord, but you said you would use us, Lord. you'd use us to be Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever to this world today, Lord. We're looking to be used, Lord. And that means we've got to stop trying. Stop trying to use, Lord, and start letting go and letting us be used, Lord. I pray your grace to help us, Lord. We do so many different things in our lives, Lord. We have different responsibilities. is we've got different things that take our time and our attention and our energy. Lord, I pray you help us be surrendered to your purpose and your will, Lord. And when we inevitably come up against a wall, against a mountain, against a door that doesn't want to open, against an enemy that doesn't want to back up, Lord, I pray you give us strength to stand there. Stand there and say, "I'm not backing up. Greater is he that's in me than he that's in the world. I can do all things through Christ that strengthens me, Lord, and to not lay our sword down, Lord, but to just hold it high and go to hacking, Lord. To take the word, the absolute that you've given us, that undefeated word, Lord, and to hold it fast in our hands, Lord, until we see victory on the other side, Lord. Help us to have an overcomer's attitude, Lord. That victory is on the horizon, Lord. That when we can't see it, it's still there, Lord. It is as inevitable, Lord, as the sun rising as in the morning. Lord, I pray you bless your people, Lord. Encourage us, strengthen us, Lord. Give us the right attitude tonight and into the moral, Lord, as we face these difficult times, Lord. This world that's so dark, trying to suppress us, Lord, trying to beat us up, trying to shake us down, Lord, trying to tear us apart, trying to make us doubt. Lord, I pray we feed on the right things. Lord, keep us from temptation. Deliver us from evil, Lord, for yours is certainly the power, Lord, but you've given it to us this evening that we could go forth and conquer. Be with us, Lord. Strengthen us, we pray. In Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. Amen. I've only got one song. By his word, 1260. [Music] by his word. Oh, I'll prevail. Oh, by his word [Music] I'll never fail. Oh, by his word all over come. Oh, by his word I prevail. I'll overcome. Oh, by his word I prepare. [Music] By his word I'll never fail. Amen. By his word, Amen. I overcome. [Music] By his word, I prevent. I'll come. Let's sing it again. By his word, by his word. Praise the Lord. I prey [Music] his word. Oh, hallelujah. I'll never f By his word I'll overcome. By his word I prevail. Amen. Number 1120. I give my mind completely to you, Lord. I give my mind completely to you, Lord. With your thoughts, I make it all. Change my life. Let me live in all that's true. I just want to be like you. Change me and mold me. Amen. Praise the Lord. Be still. Glory. [Music] Amen. And guide me. Show me your perfect way. I give a light. Hallelujah. Completely to you, Lord. Fill me with your thoughts. Yes, Lord. Make it all brand new. Change my life. Amen. Every living room. I just want to be like you. Change me and glor me. Teach me to be still. Lead me and guide me. Show me you're perfect. Well, I give my mind. I give my mind completely to you, Lord. Fill me with your thoughts. Make it all brand new. Change my life. Amen. Every living all is true. I just want to be like you. Amen. Bless the Lord. Amen. The more that I surrender. 756. The more that I surrender. the light to my Lord. The more that I release my cares, the more he takes control. The more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up. Amen. Every day I live, Lord, I love you more. The more that I surrender, the lighter my love. The more that I release my cares, the more he takes control. Amen. The more that I can humble myself, the more he lift me up. Every day I live more. I love you more. But something keeps holding me. [Music] Every day I see helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. He's guiding me constantly, giving me victory and reality for something changed the key. The trials of this life, the trials of this life, we're getting stronger. The bull I felt was more than I could bear. Amen. And I was on the verge of giving all over. The strength within myself just wasn't there. Something keeps holding me. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Every day I see helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. He's guiding me constantly, giving me victory. It's a reality for something keeps holding me. Satan lay before me. his temptation of his desire to steal away my faith. Amen. But I felt within my soul a revelation [Music] of God's desire to keep me in his place. Oh, something keeps holding me. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Helping me faithfully. Hallelujah. To overcome my trials. He's guiding me constantly, giving me victory. It's a reality for something keeps holding me and something keeps holding me. Hallelujah. Every day I see. Praise the Lord helping me faithfully to overcome my Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. He's guiding me constantly, giving me victory. Praise the Lord. It's a reality for something keeps holding me. Satan lay before me. his temptation of his desire to steal away my faith. Amen. But I felt within my soul. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. of God's desire to keep me in his grace. But something keeps holding me. Every day I speak. Hallelujah. to overcome my tri. He's guiding me constantly. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Glory. Oh, hallelujah. It's a reality. Or something keeps holding me and something keeps holding me. Amen. Every day I see hallelujah [Music] faithfully to overcome my trials. Hallelujah. He's guiding me constantly, [Music] giving me victory and it's a reality for something keeps holding me. Amen. Praise the Lord. Aren't you glad for that something that keeps holding us? Amen. Praise the Lord. As we go, let's just sing 740. It's keep your mind stayed on me. Amen. Praise the Lord. Ask brother David to close in prayer tonight. And uh just remember to pray for brother John that uh God would just continue to use him and God would give him the gift to be able to put himself aside and let him speak to us through him. Praise the Lord. So let's uh sing that. Keep our mind stayed on him. Remember to pray for all the needs that were mentioned earlier. Brother Chad traveling back and brother Bob and sister Joe going to be traveling a bit around the island. So we want to remember them in prayer as well. And God minister to every need. Just trust him and keep our mind stayed on him. Keep keep your mind stay. Amen. faith on me faithfully and I will give you perfect peace sweet if you'll just keep your mind They love me. Amen. Keep your mind stay on me. Stay on me. faithfully and I will give you per sweet if you'll just keep your mind stay on me. Amen. blessed Lord. We just want to say Lord that we appreciate your word Lord. We appreciate you Lord. We we praise you Lord and we want to give you all the glory Lord that life within us Lord. We thank you for your kindness to us, Lord. Your blessings, your your patience with us, Lord, when we fail you. You lift us up on our feet again, Lord, and sinners on the path that you sit before us, Lord. We appreciate, Lord, your love to us, Lord, in your compassion. We just pray, Lord, you help us, Lord, to be unto you, Lord, as you're unto us. And we'll become one, Lord, with you, Lord. So I just pray Lord you keep blessing us Lord to be on that path you sit before us Lord we're not depart from it Lord we keep reading your word and studying your word Lord and trying our best Lord to serve you as good servants Lord it's a joy Lord to live for you Lord it's a joy to read your word Lord and anything that you that concerns you Lord is a joy a true joy Lord for you are our joyord Lord, you are our peace. You are our rest. You are our everything. So bless each one now. Lord, I pray with your Holy Ghost. Lord, we need more of your Holy Spirit. We need a double portion, Lord. We need a double portion to walk off the earth. So bless everyone, Lord. Leave no one out. Those who are not here, Lord, those who are away, Lord, all over the earth, Lord, your your people, Lord, that are seeking your your kingdom, Lord, to be a part of your bride. Help us each one Lord. It become her Lord. Help each one especially the ministry Lord to get a tremendous burden on their heart Lord to to live by your word Lord to feed your people Lord. Help them Lord to go in your storehouse. Give them revelation Lord discernment understanding wisdom whatever it takes oh God to to give your children Lord your word that's needed for the day. So bless us each one we leave her Lord. watch over us each one and protect us on the highway Lord and the road we travel that no harm will come to us Lord us Lord each one to better ourselves Lord how much we can better ourselves Lord by reading your word we pray you'll bring us back here again Lord you you were t Lord till then and we may we may serve you even more Lord than we have today so blesses each one we pray Lord in Jesus precious name amen [Music] Yeah. [Music] Lord by your spirit. Make me more like you. Lord and bless the broken of my life. Let me be, oh Lord. [Music] in the fire of your spirit and me and make me home. Break me Lord and bless the broken piece of my life. Let me be you. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music]
