################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-17 - 20250716 - The Token Life Pt 68 - An Echo Chamber Gospel Pt 2 - Bro Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-17
Title:    20250716 - The Token Life Pt 68 - An Echo Chamber Gospel Pt 2 - Bro Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 16m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mb7ak8ycB-o
========================================

Description:
Scriptures and Quotes: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1YW8qbVR3ZUI9IGguJAP9Q0EOgmX3xTtC/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] every day. Let's stand. Even this world could never contain just how I've been blessed. I have been blessed. God so good to me. Precious are his thoughts of you and me. No way could I count them. There's not enough time. So, I'll just thank him for being so kind. God has been good. So good. I have been blessed. Amen. He's my shoulder to lean on when I am down. The rock where he leads me when I'm overwhelmed. The place where he hides me under his wings. He's not just a song. He's the reason I sing. Amen. I have been blessed. I have been blessed. God's so good to me. Precious are his thoughts of you and me. No way could I. There's not enough time. So I'll just thank him for being so. Yes. Amen. God has been good. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I have been blessed. Amen. My hope for tomorrow. Grace for today. Joy for my sorrow with a measure of faith. My tears of repentance brought rivers of peace. My sins they are hidden in the depths of the I have been blessed. Amen. I have been blessed. God so good to me. Precious are his thoughts of you and me. No way could I count them. There's not enough time. Thank him for being so kind. God has been good. So good. I have been blessed. Hallelujah. The word of the hour, my daily bread. It's always unfolding. I'm continually my light and salvation. Whom shall I fear? The strength of my Amen. When my eneies draw near, I have been blessed. Amen. I have been blessed. God so good to me. Precious are his thoughts of you and me. No way could I count them. There's not enough time. So I'll just thank him. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; God has been good. So good. I have been blessed. And I have been blessed. God so good to me. Precious are his thoughts of you and me. No way could there's not enough time. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; For being so kind. I has been good. I have been blessed. Amen. Praise the Lord. I believe we can all say that God has been so good to each and every one of us. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's uh sing 786. And as I cast all my cares upon you, ask brother Garfield to come and open in prayer this tonight. and a member to pray for brother John as he brings the word of the Lord. And we continue to pray for brother Dale, God's grace to him. He's uh he's holding his own. He's doing he's doing good. I spoke to him yesterday just has the odd pain, but he said he's still trusting the Lord. So just uh continue to pray for him. Also for sister Laura Snow, saints around the island, God's grace to them and the neighbor, brother David's neighbors. uh one of whom ended up being diagnosed with cancer. So we just uh wanted to remember them today. Uh and sister Becca is home under the weather tonight. So I want to remember her. And brother Chad, sister Leah, I think are in the central Newfland. So I want to remember them. And uh brother Jonathan is home uh under the weather also. So we want to remember him. So may God just be with each and every one tonight. If you have a need, hold it upon your heart as we approach the throne. And Brother Garfield will lead us in prayer. Cast all your cares upon him. I cast all my cares upon you. Amen. I lay all of my burdens down at your feet. And any time I don't know just what to do. I will cast all my cares upon. Yes. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. I cast all my cares upon you. Amen. I lay all of my burdens down at your feet. And any time I don't know just what to do. I will pass all my cares above. &gt;&gt; Amen. One more time. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I cast all my cares upon you. Yes, Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; I lay all of my birdens down at your feet and hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Just what to do. I will pass all I care upon. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Lord God, we accept and think it's pleasurable, Lord, to present our trophies at your feet this evening to bring our worship in your presence, Lord, and to acknowledge you being our God, Lord God. There's none like unto you. There's none before you. There's none after you. You are truly the one that is worthy to be worshiped. Lord, from our hearts we acknowledge, Lord God, your presence this evening. Oh God, we exalt you and high. Lord, we esteem you above all measure this evening because surely, Lord God, you're worthy. Hallelujah. Lord God, we come in your house one more time with our hearts bow, Lord, in reverence to your presence. Lord, we give glory to you, Lord. We we give honor to you, Lord God. Lord, as we invite your presence, Lord God, one more time among us, Lord. And Lord God, we put our lives, oh God, Lord, before your presence, Lord. Lord, we open our hearts to you, Lord God, that you will come in, Lord, and fill fill our hearts with your presence, Lord God. Lord God, may you come, Lord God, and anoint your people, aresh, Lord God. me, oh God, fresh anointing, oh God, Lord God, be poured out from your presence, Lord God. And as we lift our hands in worship and Lord God, and we reflect, Lord God, on the goodness of God, we ask this evening, Lord God, that you'll just bless us, Lord. But more so, Lord God, we ask that you'll forgive us, Lord God. Lord, we know that we make so many mistakes in on this journey. Lord God, most of which Lord God would have rendered us, oh God, unworthy to come. But Lord God, but we come in your presence, Lord. We ask for your blessing upon each hearts. Bless, Lord God, your man's servant, Lord God, as he, oh God, prepare, Lord God, to deliver his soul to your people, Lord God. may not be just the voice of a man, but oh God, but the anointed presence of God that speak and declare your word, oh God, in truth and in clarity, Lord. Lord God, we ask for your healing virtues, Lord God, upon your people, Lord, as the names of your children were requested, oh God, Sister Becca, Lord God, Brother Dale, oh God, Lord, the different ones, the names, Lord God, that are presented before you, Lord, you're still Jehovah Gyra. You are still the great I am, the great healer this evening. And so God, we ask for your healing upon your children, Lord God. Father, may you bring forth the effect, oh God, of your of the healing virtue, Lord God. And may we know you, Lord God, by Lord God, the experiences, Lord God. Hallelujah. And bless each heart, Lord God. Lord, we pray for brother Chadra, Lord, the family, though they're away, but we know that they're tuning in somewhere. Oh God, we ask for your blessing upon them, Lord. bless Lord God your children and we surrender tonight's service in your hands Lord God that will have thine order we pray in Jesus Christ's name we say amen and amenise the Lord &gt;&gt; Amen 11:59 is we have an anchor by grace also happy to have brother back and making thank God he got through the the uh surgery the procedure. So uh we thank the Lord for that. Praise the Lord. Will your an Oh, wrong. Will your anor hold in the storms of life? When the clouds unfold their wings of strife. When the storm ties it and the cables rain. Praise the Lord. Firmly remain. And we have an anchor that keeps us all steadfast and sure. While the build was wrong. Pass into the rock which cannot move. Surrounded firm and deep in the Savior's love. It is safely more the storm with stand. Amen. Praise the Lord. By the Savior's hand, though the tempers raise and the wild winds blow, not an angry way shall our bark or flow. We have an anchor that keeps us strong. Steadfast and sure I love. Amen. Which cannot move. Grounded firm and deep in the Savior's. Hallelujah. When our eyes behold, through the gathering night, the city of gold, our harbor bright, we shall anchor fast by the heavenly shore. With the storms of mass forever, amen. Praise the Lord that keeps the soul. Amen. While the billows roll, hallelujah, &gt;&gt; which cannot move, cried fervent deep in the Savior's. It is safely born the storm with stand for is well secured by the Savior's hand. Though the tempest raise and the wild winds blow, not an angry wave shall burn. Amen. We have an anchor that keeps the storm. Stead and sure while roll into the rock which Amen. Grounded firm and deep in the Savior's love. And we have anchor that keeps the soul. Steadfast and sure while the pill to the rock which cannot grant it firm and deep in the Savior's love. [Applause] Amen. Praise the Lord. 443 I've anchored in Jesus the storms of life I'll brave by the grace of God upon life's boundless ocean where mighty billows roll I fix my hope in Jesus breast anchor of my soul when trials fears assail me as storms are gathering or upon his mercy see and trust him more. I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of life I'll pray. I've anchored in Jesus. I'll tear no wind away. I've anchored in Jesus for he has power to save. I've anchored in the rock of aes. He keeps my soul from evil and gives me blessed peace. His voice says still the waters and bid there to my seas. My pilot and deliverer to him. For always when I need him, he's at my side. Hallelujah. In Jesus the storms of life are brave. I've anchored in Jesus. I fear no end or wave. I've anchored. Praise the Lord. For he has power to save. I've anchored in the rock. Hallelujah. He is my friend and savior. In him my anchors cast. He drives away my sorrows and shields me from the blast. By faith I'm looking upward. Amen. There I behold a heaven prepared for. Yes. I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of life I'll grave. I've anchored in Jesus. I'll fear no wind or wave. I've anchored in Jesus. He has power to save. I've anchored it in the rock. Hallelujah. [Music] He is my friend and savior. In him my anchors cast. He drives away my sorrows and shields me from the blast. By faith I'm looking upward beyond life's trouble see. Now I behold a haven prepared. Praise the Lord. Oh, I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of life are brave. I've anchored in Jesus. I fear no wave. I've anchored. Amen. For he has car to save. I've anchored in the rock. Hallelujah. [Music] I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of life I pray. I'm anchored in Jesus. I'll fear no wind or wave. I anchored in Jesus for he has power to save. I've anchored in the rock of aes. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Best place to be anchored in the rock of ages. Amen. Speaking of rock of ages, let's sing that song. I don't have the number. Rock of ages cleft for me. Rock of aes cleft for me. Let me hide myself in thee. Let the water and the blood from thy wounded side which flow. Be of sin the dove of cure. Save from wrath and make me pure. burden my tears for ever flow. Goodbye no longer know this for sin could not adore. Thou a save and thou alone. In my hand on Christ I bring simply to thy cross. Not the labor of my hands can fulfill thy lost demands. Could my zeal rest but no? Could my tears forever flow? All fors not atone. Thou a s and thou alone. Nothing in my hand I pray. Simply to thy cross I clean. Sing the gun to thee for dress. Helpless look to thee for grace. Amen. Bow I to the mountain fly. Wash me savior I die while I draw this fleeting breath when my eyes shall close in death. Hallelujah. The world's unknown and behold on thy throne. Amen. Left for me. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Let me hide myself not to labor. Not the labor of my hands can fulfill thy lost demands. Could my zeal rest? My tears forever for not adore. Thou a thou. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's sing. Um, give me Jesus. It is uh 7:36 in the morning when I rise. But give me Jesus in the morning when I rise. In the morning when I rise. In the morning when I cry. Give me Jesus. Amen. Give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. Amen. You can have all this world. Give me Jesus. And when I am alone, So when I am alone, Amen. when I am alone, [Music] give me Jesus. Amen. And give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. Amen. You can have all this world, but give me Jesus. And should I come to die? Or should I come to die? Hallelujah. And should I come to die? Amen. Give me Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. You can't have all this world, but give me Jesus. Amen. And when I am in prayer, hallelujah. And when I am in prayer, oh when I am in prayer, give me Jesus. Amen. Oh, give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. Amen. You can't have all this world, but give me Jesus when I am alone. And when I am alone, hallelujah. And when I am alone, praise the Lord. And I am alone. Just give me Jesus. &gt;&gt; Yes. Amen. Hallelujah. Jesus. Amen. Give me Jesus. You can have all this world. But give me Jesus Jesus. When I am in prayer. And when I am in prayer. Hallelujah. And when I am in prayer, praise the Lord. And when I am in prayer, give me Jesus. Amen. Give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. Amen. You can't have all this world but give me Jesus. Amen. Amen. Jesus, you're the sweetest name of all. 11:39. Praise the Lord. Jesus, you're the sweetest name of all. Jesus. Amen. You always hear me when I call. Jesus, you lift me up each time I fall. You're the sweetest, sweetest name of all. Hallelujah. Jesus, you're the sweetest name of all. Jesus, hallelujah, always hear me when I call. Jesus, you lift me up each time I fall. You're the sweetest. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus, you're the sweetest name of all. Let's stand. Jesus, praise the Lord. You always hear me when I call Jesus. You lift me up each time I fall. You're the sweetest. Hallelujah. Sweetest name of all. Sing it again. Praise the Lord. And Jesus, you're the sweetest name of all. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; You always hear me when I call. Hallelujah. Jesus, you lift me up each time I fall. You're the sweetest. Praise the Lord. Name of all. Hallelujah. Jesus. Oh Jesus, you are the greatest of all. Jesus, you always hear me when I call. Jesus, you lift me up each time I fall. You're the sweetest, the sweetest name of all. &gt;&gt; Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Lord, we're thankful your mercies are new every morning. Lord, that under the blood are we're living with a clean slate, Lord. And we're just looking for your will and your way each day in our lives, each one, heavenly father. But Lord, we're thankful this evening for your goodness, for your grace, Lord, your provision, Lord, your many mercies day by day, Lord, for your longsuffering, Lord, for your guiding hand, your correction, Lord, your leadership. And Lord, we're just standing once again, Lord, in expectation, Lord. Trusting you to minister to our lives, Lord, to our situations, to our hearts. Lord, you see all those things we think, Lord. All those things we're dealing with. Lord, you know the hidden desires, Lord, the hidden concerns of the heart. You know our fears and worries. And Lord, we're here to have our faith raised again this evening. Lord, we're here to be set on the right path, Lord, to set our steps according to your word. So Lord, we pray once again that you would just take this service, Lord, that you would come in your word, Lord, and that you would speak to our lives, each one. We pray in Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Turn to second Timothy chapter 4 if you would. 2 Timothy chapter 4. And just a quick announcement to remind everyone to please email Brother Bo, brother Paul confirming that you are going to camp, what days, and how many people. We are extremely full this year. It will be way more than we've ever had before. We need everything determined before Friday. So, by end of day Friday, please email him if you haven't already. Let him know for sure who's going, what days you'll be there, what meals you'll be eating, so that they can manage all that. We're looking at over 90 people this year if everyone goes, closer to 100 if everybody showed up and we were able to fit them all. So, we need to know exactly who's coming because we're going to have to be working out all of the sleeping arrangements and not just the food and whatnot. So, please do that if you can. Amen. God bless you. It's good to be here again this evening. Beautiful day, beautiful weather. Certainly enjoying the summer that's finally among us for the next six weeks or so. And just trusting we'll get the most out of it before the fall hits us in way too soon of a time. Amen. This Paul now speaking to Timothy. He says to Timothy now, he's he's Paul's going off the scene here. And listen to his his instruction to Timothy. He says, "I charge thee therefore before God and the Lord Jesus Christ, who shall judge the quick and the dead at his appearing and his kingdom. Preach the word, be instant in season, out of season. Reprove, rebuke, exhort with all longsuffering and doctrine." Notice the approach of the preacher here. He says, "You've got to be able to reprove." That means correct. He says you got sorry that means to convict. He says you've got to rebuke. We know what rebuking is. He says and you've got to exhort. You've got to beseech. You got to pull the people. You got to you got to plead with them. And it's all for our good. Amen. We can't just go to a church where it's just one or the other. There's a reason for all the different ways that the messages come and it's for our good. Amen. He says, "For the time will come when they will not endure. They won't tolerate sound doctrine. But after their own lust shall they heap to themselves teachers having itching words. In other words, they're going to create their own echo chamber and they're going to nominate the speaker for their chamber. Amen. It'll be of their own choosing, their own creation. And he says because of that, they shall turn away their ears from the truth and shall be turned unto fables. That word fables is the word we use today, which is myths. So this is a creation of their own desires, not the word of God. And it has no validity. There's no truth to it. Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats. And I want to take another service on this thought of an echo chamber gospel. And I know last service I can speak more freely here. It's just us here tonight. It certainly seemed, excuse me, I think most were thinking that doesn't apply to me. And in truth, it doesn't. In truth, it doesn't. And you know, I had someone say to me, "That's the straightest preaching I've heard over that pulpit about that topic since you've been here." And it is straight. And the thing is, the simple fact is we have people amongst us that don't exactly believe the way we believe. And some of them have never heard it. And we can't be scared to preach what we believe. And at times we, you know, we go very carefully and we want to we want to be gentle and we don't want to to hit people too hard with certain things, but we're getting close to the end, church. At some point, they've got to hear the truth. And so I I know it was straight, but I'm trusting it was also imbalance. And that's what you're trusting when you say these things is that people have been around long enough to stick around and hear everything you're going to say, not just that one service. But I am saying it to say this. There's a foundation being built here to take it to where it comes into our lives and we're not just looking outward. Because if there's one thing I hate, it's a preacher that's preaching to everyone that's not in this church. There's no point in me preaching to people that aren't here. There's no point in me pointing out other people's mistakes, correcting other churches, correcting other ministries, cuz they're not here and they're not listening to me. I'm not famous. I don't have that kind of pull. I don't have that kind of viewership on on YouTube for those that are listening in. I'm here to preach to those that are here. So, when I'm preaching those things, it's because there's people here that need to hear it. And it's not always for the regular the the regular members, those that have accepted this message of this hour. So, I did want to say that that that it wasn't aimed at at us in particular, but it's a foundation for where we're going in that service in in the coming services. Now, we opened in this this scripture where Paul's telling Timothy, there's coming a time where people they'll hear the word of God, but they won't hear the full word of God. They won't hear the true word of God, but they'll hear something that's that's supposed to be the word of God. And if they can't hear it from you, they'll go find somebody else that'll tell them the way they like it. And they'll draw people of like minds and like doctrines and like feelings to that person, and they'll they'll develop themselves an echo chamber gospel. They'll build a church around what they want to hear. Church, you know what the antidote is to that? Go to a church that steps on your toes from time to time. Go to a church where the pastor doesn't mind speaking things that may hurt or may correct. And I say this that if we aren't preaching that, then there's something wrong behind the pulpit. Amen. There's something wrong with the church you've chosen perhaps if we're not getting our toes on stepped on. Amen. Because how can we be changed if we're never corrected? Amen. and I this is not this is not some mythical magical event where we're just going to live our lives any way we want to and then at the end of it all of a sudden we're going to have rapturing faith. We know the rapture is a process and that process is a changing process. We're being changed from glory unto glory. Word upon word here a little there a little. Did you catch that? The word is changing us bit by bit. The thing is church, you're so close to rapturing condition and you may not even know it because it's been so gradual. That's why we come and hear the preaching of the word. That's why we read our Bibles. That's why we listen to a prophet messenger is because it's doing a work whether we realize it or not. And the way we know it's working is we're changing. Even if it's just a little bit. Even if it's just a little bit. How many of us have children and expect them to do exactly what we want the day we start teaching them? Anybody here have kids that just the minute you've told them everything, they just do it? Even the best of our children, I'm seeing some smirks here. I won't say who's doing it. Even the best of the children, they take a while to grow and mature, don't they? And we're no different. So, we're in a perfecting process that's taking out the bad and filling it back up with the good. It's changing us into his glory. Amen. And that means we've got to sit in a church and we've got to sit under a hearing of the word that corrects us day by day. Paul would say it this way. He says, "And ye have forgotten the exhortation which speaketh unto you as unto children. My son, despise not thou the chastening of the Lord, nor faint when thou art rebuked of him. Anybody have a child that if you even think about spanking them, they just break down. We've got one. The minute that he thinks, he's going to get it. He just breaks down. He can't look at you. He just start he he cries worse before than after. Why? Because he he faints under the idea of chastisement. Paul says, "Don't be like that. Man up. Carry yourself like a child of God. Realize it's for your good. He says, "For whom the Lord loveth." He chastenth. That word chasten. See, we look at chasen as a bad thing. But you got to look at chasing as a whole picture. It means to teach, to train, and instruct. And then discipline follows if necessary. So chastening your child is required. We look at it as the heavy-handed part, but it's not. Chastening is the instruction up front with discipline to enforce it. He says so he chastens, he teaches and trains and disciplines and then if that doesn't work then he scourges. That means he whips or he spanks every son whom he receiveth. He says if you endure chastening God dealth with you as sons for what son is he whom the father chasteth not? He doesn't mean if you put up with it. He says if you're going through correction that proves you're a child of God. Whether you want to do it or not, God will do it with you because you're his child. That's one of the greatest proofs of a child of God is God won't let you get away with anything for long. Why? Because he's trying to get you to a certain result. He's trying to get you to an expected end. He says, "But if you be without chastisement, whereof all are partakers, then ye are ye bastards and not sons." So if you're never taught, never instructed, never disciplined, never corrected, you're not a child of God. Why? because God's a good good father. Listen, if I'm a father and I tell my children what to do and they don't hear me, what do I do? Or they don't act like they hear me. That's more the point, isn't it? Then what do I do? I say it a little louder. I look them in the eye. I make sure that we make a connection and I repeat what I'm training or teaching or asking them to do. Now, if they don't do it, then then what happens? They'll get a little flick on the ear, a little pat on the rear end, maybe. Hey, get doing it. And if they don't do it, then then what happens? The big SWAT, doesn't it? But we don't go from I told you to the big SWAT. But there's a chastening involved that elevates the situation based on the child's response. Amen. But I want the you to see the critical element here. You can't be a child of God and not be corrected. It doesn't work that way. It can't be that way. Amen. We've received the spirit of truth. It's the Holy Spirit. He's our tutor and he's taking us from what we were into what we're supposed to be. And that's a day by day instructing, teaching, chastening, disciplining. Amen. He won't let you get away with anything. Quite the opposite, he'll make sure you don't get away with it so that you learn it in the small times so that when the big times come, you don't make the bigger mistakes. He he chasens us on the small things so that we we're well set by the time we get to the big one. Ever had a service or a series of services where the preacher or the minister just won't get off of a certain thing and it's in your life? What is it? We've all been there. We've all been there. And we we can walk away and we can say, "I hate it." But what is it? It's the Holy Spirit trying to get your attention, trying to let you know, I see what you're doing. That man doesn't have a clue what's going on in your life. But I see what you're doing and I'm trying to get your attention before I have to discipline you, before I have to scourge you, before you reap a harvest you really don't want to reap. It's the It's the grace of God coming over the pulpit, speaking through the ministry to get your attention before you can go too far in those things. Amen. What is it? He's trying to get you before the discipline has to kick in. But what's the problem? Too often in professing Christianity, the church has become a place of affirmation rather than correction. And what is it? They're trying to scratch the itch rather than cure the disease. And so people are coming in and all they get is a pat on the back, a hug around and says, "You're good, my son, my daughter. Go out the door. God loves you." No. If he loved you, he'd be correcting you. And if you're a child of his, he'd be correcting you. What's the problem? We're stuck in this flesh body, church, and it's a battle every day to keep it under subjection from the pulpit all the way back. It's always a battle to keep it. Brother Garfield came in and we were talking just briefly before the service. You get in the wrong atmosphere. You get around the wrong person. You get around the wrong music. You get away from from God just for a little moment and the voices start to come, don't they? And guess what? This flesh loves the voices that are not of God every single time. And you wonder what happened just a little moment. We've got to die daily. Amen. Brother Bram says it this way. He says, "We've adopted every kind of an idea, all kinds of schools and theologies and everything when the Holy Ghost ought to be leading us." He says, "Now that's the reason where the church is in the condition it is tonight." Now, let me say this. That's the reason our families are where they are, good or bad. But he's speaking to the nominal church now. He says the reason it's in the condition it's tonight is it's being man- led and not spiritledd. He says sons and daughters quoting Paul sons and daughters of God are led by the spirit of God. The spirit of God is to lead the church. He says now men might say anything but the Holy Spirit will tell the truth on you. Amen. That's what correction is about. Is about showing you the truth of the situation about who you are, about where your weaknesses are, about where your strengths are, about what God's trying to do in your life. And he's not going to pull his punches if we keep resisting. Amen. We've got to be quick to listen. Amen. But I want you to see, God always has a witness available to us. If we will choose to listen. He's always got a still small voice. He's always got a message. He's always got a ministry. He's got people. He's got prophets. He's got whoever it takes to come in. He's got believers of what? In the body of Christ here to help us through our times. Don't ever think I'm the only one that can give you a word from the Lord. We've got Holy Ghost fil men and women, sons and daughters here tonight that can speak as God would inspire them to help us through our situations in life. Absolutely. But we've got to make sure it's of God. But I want to show you how this looks like. And we're going to spend our whole service on just one main thought and one main story this evening because we're talking about the Holy Ghost will tell the truth on you and how we can come under the influence of even those that claim to be of the household of faith. And we know the story of King Ahab. And remember, he wanted that vineyard that was owned by a man named Nabboth. And Nabboth said, "No, it's my family. It's my inheritance. I don't want to sell it. I don't have to sell it." So Ahab went and he sulked for a while and he went to his wife Jezebel. She says, "Hey, what's going on?" "Well, I want that. I really I really want that vineyard." She says, "Don't worry. I'll get it for you." And she cooked up a couple false witnesses. She got Nabal stone. And she says, "Now go take your vineyard and have fun." Watch what happens. Says, "The word of the Lord came to Elijah the Tishbite, saying, arise. Go down to meet Ahab, king of Israel, which is in Samaria. Behold, he's in the vineyard of Nabth, whether he has gone down to possess it. And thou shalt speak unto him, saying, Thus sayeth the Lord, hast thou killed and also taken possession? And thou shalt speak unto him, saying, Thus sayeth the Lord, in the place where dogs lick the blood of Nabth, shall dogs lick thy blood, even thine. He says, as you killed Nabth, so you will die, and the dogs will lick the blood exactly in the exact same spot. He says, "And Ahab said to Elijah." So he comes down and he says that to him or he comes down to meet him. And Ahab said to Elijah, "Hast thou found me, oh mine enemy?" Now was Elijah Ahab's enemy? Elijah is just a microphone, church. I don't know if you know, but a microphone can't be your enemy. Who's Ahab's enemy? God. Why? Because Ahab has made himself an enemy of God. He's disobeyed God willfully. Amen. So really, it's it's Ahab that's the enemy of God, but he's taking it out on Elijah now. And Elijah answered, "I have found thee because thou hast sold thyself to work evil in the sight of the Lord, consciously decided to do things contrary to the word of God for his own benefit." And it goes through some things. I skipped it for the sake of time. Says at the end there, "But there was none like unto Ahab." Now remember, there's there's two people that the scripture says there's none like them. Job and Ahab. You ever notice that Job was a perfect man. Ahab was the son of predition. That's the kind of person he was. He's the man of sin, right? You got two, there is none like them in all the earth. One of them's Ahab and one of them is Job. This ain't a good description. He says, "Which did sell himself to work wickedness in the sight of the Lord whom Jezebel his wife stirred up." Now, if I don't I don't know about you, but if I heard that said about a man, I probably wouldn't spend a whole lot of time around him. a a man that's under a curse from thus sayeth the Lord by the prophet of that time. I don't think I'd spend a whole lot of time around him. But watch this next chapter because I'm going to preach us into these situations now. And we're in these stories whether we realize it or not. The very next chapter says, "And they continued three and they continued three years without war between Syria and Israel. And it came to pass in the third year that Jehoshaphat, the king of Egypt, came down to the king of Israel." know a little bit about Jehoshaphat. He's a real believer. He's a true man of God. He cleaned up Israel or he cleaned up Judah, I should say. The scripture says he did that which was right in the sight of the Lord. Okay? He's a good man. He's a good person. Amen. But now he's coming to Ahab, the backslider, the false pretended brother. Amen. He's under a curse from God. And I would say this, what in the world is that man doing with that other man? What have I to do with thee? ought to be the question. But something's come up here and what is it? Kings hang out with kings. Kings get together. That's a part of their things that they do. So now Jehoshaphat's tied to another man and he's supposedly of the household of Israel and he comes up. But I want you to see what happens when we get under a sense of obligation, a sense of propriety, a sense of it's expected of us to do certain things. Because when we get in those situations, we've got to be able to see the whole picture, not just what's happening in front of us. It says, "And the king of Israel said to his servants," okay, this king of Israel is Ahab, so I'm going to say it that way. "And Ahab said unto his servants, know ye that Reignth in Gilead is ours, and we be still, and take it not out of the hand of the king of Syria." It says, "And he said unto Jehoshaphat, Wilt thou go with me to battle to Ramothth Gilead?" And Jehoshaphat said to the king of Israel, I am as thou art. My people as thy people, my horses as thy horses. I I want to put this into perspective. And instead of reading a quote, let me do a bit of a drama. But Ahab, we would say got up in the front of the people. He says, "People, we've got a promise. We've got a land that's been given to us. And I can point you to the words of Moses. And I can point you to the deeds of Joshua where he gave us that land and it belonged to us. But children, the enemy has come into our land. And for too long, we've lost the bread that should feed our children's mouths. Our sons have lost their farms and their houses. We've lost the harvest that belongs to us for too many years. Brothers and sisters, it's time we rose up and took back what belonged to ours. And the church of the living God said, "Amen." Good preaching. Brother Ram said these. It's not my sermon. He said this, okay? But I'm just I'm just make it a little easier than reading it out this morning. You know what? Because what did he do? Ahab's looking to start a revival for his benefit. You see what's happening? He's stirring up the people. Now notice, has anything that Ahab said here incorrect by the word? Does that line belong to Israel? Yes. Is it belonged to those people for that day? Yes. Is it their inheritance? Yes. Was it given to them by a promise of God? Yes. Nothing he has said here is incorrect, church. But remember, you can't lose a promise of God if you're under the word of God. It's impossible. So, if he's lost the promise, that means he's out from under the word. And so, what Ahab isn't saying is the reason we lost it is because I've walked away from God. Because that doesn't play well in a sermon. People don't get behind you when you say, "I've walked away from God." So, what does he do? He paints the big spiritual promise picture because otherwise it would require him to humble himself and repent. Because there's only one way to get land back that you've lost, church, and it's to humble yourself and go back to where you left God. And Ahab wouldn't do it. And so what do they do? He preaches this big sermon to to get everybody riled up and say, "Hey, we got to go back and take back our land." But what's happening? And Ahab's trying to tie in the real believers with the fallen believers, with the makeel believers, which the with the churchgoers. Okay? He's trying to tie them in. He's out of the will of God. He's lost the promise of God. He's lost lost the land that God gave him. And what's his plan to get it back, church? Get the real overcomers involved. Because down in Judah, they're not having any of these problems. If you notice, they've got all their land. They're overcoming. They've got the victory against all their enemies. They own all of their inheritance. And then when they come up, he says, "Hey, how about you help us get our inheritance?" What's Jehoshaphat's response? Amen, brother. We're with you. My men are your men. My chariots are your chariots. My horses are your horses. Consider us as one, brother. And what did he do, church? He obliged himself to that king, to that fallen king, to that unbeliever. He obligated himself by his own promise. But it's so funny. He obligates himself and then he says this. Jehoshaphat said unto the king of Israel, inquire, I pray thee, at the word of the Lord today. Church, learn a lesson. Do that before you make your promise. Jehoshaphat's a good man, a sincere man, a god-fearing, wordfollowing man. But in the influence of a man that has just as much influence as he has, he obligates himself to prove what kind of a king he is. I'm with you, brother. We're all the same. But Ram says this. He says no matter how sincere and what good motives and what good objectives and how people want those things and see the need of it. He says there is a will of God to be carried out in these things. He says that's what I want to drive down tight for I want to make this so that you have to see it if the spirit of God dwells in your in you. He says now catch this church. No matter how much it's needed, how much everybody agrees that it's needed, and how much that that is the truth, there is yet one thing to find out. He says, "Is that the will of God?" Because there, if you go and you continue reading this, I I I've been listening to this this message. And he says there's five things required to find out if it's to do to do God a service. And the first thing he says is, "I is it God's will? Is it God's season?" And see, we find the will, but we don't find the season, the timing of it. And he gets into a couple other things. We won't go there tonight. But as I was listening to this, I just said, "Amen." Because that's just the truth. Because so often we can see in our lives, we can see this person needs this. And there's a promise right there for them. Absolutely. We see people with health needs. We see people with relationship needs. We see people with financial needs. We see people that have things. It's very obvious that they need the word of God to come down and produce itself in that area of their life. And he says, "Look, it doesn't matter how much it's needed and how much we all agree that it's needed. Find out one thing. Is it the will of God?" Why, church? Because with these little pea brains and these natural eyes, we don't see the whole picture. We don't see everything that's going on in these things. Now, Jehoshaphat's making the right move here, but he makes it too late. Now, he has a chance to correct himself, and we'll see as we go. But I want you to see the power of influence in in a setting where you're treating the other person as if they're necessarily in the same place that you are with God. I'm preaching to a church now. We're all believers, but that doesn't mean every one of us is always in the will of God with what we decide to do. And it can be easy to fall under the influence of somebody that's doing something and it appears to be good. It appears to be getting results or it appears to satisfy a need that the scripture says it it will fulfill. And we can get suckered into those things because of who that person is or because we respect them, because we love them, because they're our friend, or these different things. Amen. You're not tied to any believer's actions ever. You're not obliged to do what another believer says you should do. Amen. That's not the way that things work. Amen. We don't follow somebody else's vision. We don't follow somebody else's plan. Even if they're a church member, church, we're tied to Christ. The word. Christ the word. Amen. And that's where our our security is. Amen. Never get sucked into a good story, a good promise, a good plan. Stay with the word. Amen. and stay there until you get a good answer, a straight answer from God. Watch what happens now. It says, "Then the king of Israel, Ahab, Ahab gathered the prophets together, about 400 men, and said unto them, shall I go up against Ramothth Gilead to battle, or shall I forebear?" And they said, "Go up, for the Lord shall deliver it into the hand of the king." Now, watch the order of events here. Now, there's nothing here that says that the pri you know, the prophets went to a quiet place. They went down. They didn't gather any minstrels. They didn't go to a quiet place. They didn't go inquire of God. He asked, they answered. Okay? Amen. What happens here is the prophets are responding directly to the king's question and in their presumption, they speak for God. Okay? They did not say, "Thus sayeth the Lord here." They just said, "God will give you back the land." They presumed to know what the answer was instead of seeking the answer. Prophet says this very very tightly. He says, "So these men looked upon it in a natural sense and said it belongs to us." He says, "But you see, they didn't find the word and will of God." Now catch that. It's a spiritual promise. They looked at it from a natural standpoint and said that belongs to us. Therefore, we will go up and get it and God will be with us. But they didn't look at it through God's eyes. They didn't look at how they lost it in the first place. They didn't look at the symptoms. They just looked at the promise and they said, "The promise says that land belongs to us." Do you see the trap being laid here? They're looking at the promise rather than the situation. They're not seeing the full picture. Amen. Can I bring it to our doorstep this evening? Somebody can come up to us. A brother or sister come up and say, "Brother, sister, I need a better job. I'm not able to pay my bills. I'm falling behind on my rent or my mortgage. My car is breaking down. I've got health issues. It seems like every time I try and save a dollar, I can't get ahead. I need a better job. Will you pray with me? And what would we generally say? Yes, brother. Yes, sister. I'll pray for you. Why? Because they're our brother or sister. But the question is, what's the big picture? I've had people talk to me about their finances, and they've got a phone that's three generations newer than mine, wearing a pair of sneakers that cost triple what mine does, and driving a brand new car. So, the question is not, do you need a new job, it's do you spend appropriate to how you earn? Because if you got more and you're not making more, then the problem isn't the job. The problem's the brother or sister and their habits and these things. But our inclination is to say yes brother, yes sister, I'll pray that you get a new job rather than saying brother or sister can we look at the situation a little closer. You know the first thing I ask people struggling with finances do you pay your tithe? And you know what I often get back? I can't afford to pay my tithe. I use brother Matt's response. I can't afford not to pay my tithe because I've never seen the righteous forsaken nor see bacon bread. You want to be blessed financially, you give back to God because that's the only place where he promised that he'd pour out a blessing that you can't contain. I talked to a business owner this week, a believer. He says, "I tithe on my gross from my business before expenses." Now, if you've ever operated a business or managed the bottom line of a business, can you imagine that? Can you imagine brother Mark do managing an $80 million division? Yeah, I would smile. I would smile. Praise the Lord. Business owners. Increase your faith. Brother Joe, Brother Kingsley, and Brother Chad, who are not here conveniently tonight, right? Can you imagine? And he said, "He has never failed me yet." I said, "Brother, I'll give more power to you." That's not what God required. God said, "Give me a tithe of your increase." He says, "I'll give you a tithe on everything you bring through my door." Wow. That's faith. But you know what? You can't afford not to pay your tithes. I remember being in university and my wife and I told that story. We were down to 10 cents in the bank account and a bill coming out the next day and God provided and we got Mary Browns and our bill paid. Why? Because I've never seen the righteous forsaken nor seed begging bread. See, too often we want God to give us the promise rather than change us. Because the real promise is the changing us. That's what I'm looking for. I'm looking for a change church. I'm not looking for a band-aid. And a new job's just a band-aid. I remember I was talking to a a former pastor of mine. And I had this big idea that could have made me really, really, really, really rich, I thought. And I went to him and I said, I met with him and with my wife and I said, "Brother, I'm worried that if I get all this money, I'm going to change." And you know what he did? He started laughing at me. He said, "Brother John," he says, "you won't change no matter what." He says, "Cuz that's just the way you are. The way you are now is the way you'd be if you had millions or if you had a penny to your name." But the thing is, if we need to be changed, it's not going to fix us by giving us more money. We need to change who we are. We need to change the way they do things. But what is it is that we'll get suckered into it. And yes, that's what we're doing. We'll get suckered into the the story, the feeling, the emotion, the loss, the hardship, rather than stepping back and saying, "Where is God in this situation?" Because if God is a God of his promises and the promises aren't hitting you, then there's a problem somewhere. There's a problem somewhere. Amen. We're being f pulled into the feeling of it. Amen. We're getting suckered into the situation rather than pulled into revelation. And it's the influence of that brother or sister that's trying to get us involved in their in their circumstance. And it's okay to get involved. Just make sure you're getting involved by being led by the spirit, not being led around by the nose. Totally different situation. But watch now. These these prophets, 400 or so of them come in. They say, "God's going to give you back the land." And Jehoshaphat said, "Is there not here a prophet of the Lord besides that we might inquire of him?" Now watch what's ch what watch what's happening here church because Jehoshaphat's looking for thus sayeth the Lord and he hasn't heard thus sayeth the Lord. All he's heard is that some people that claim to be prophets according to the king said yes go up the Lord will give it to you church. What is it? This is what a child of God does is they're looking for shity. They're looking for assurance. They're looking for thus sayeth the Lord. And so he says hey I understand these are prophets but do you have a prophet of the Lord? somebody that will say speak for the Lord and say, "Thus sayeth the Lord." Says, "And the king of Israel, Ahab said unto Josh, there is yet one man, Micaiah the son of Imla, by whom we may inquire of the Lord, but I hate him, for he does not prophesy good concerning me, but evil. Whenever I go to that preacher's church, he always preaches at me." He says, "And Jehoshaphat said, let not the king say so." Joshua said, "Come on, Ahab, he can't be that bad. Don't say that about a prophet." It says, ' Then the king of Israel called an officer and said, "Hasten hither Micaiah the son of Imla." It says, "And the king of Israel, Jehoshaphat, the king of Judah, sat each on his throne, having put on their robes in a void place in the entrance of the gate of Samaria, and all the prophets prophesied before them." Now, notice the order of events here because it matters later. There's a hard scripture coming up, and if we don't see the order of events, we'll not understand it. Okay? First, the prophets answered the king's question out of their own heart. They presumed to speak for God. They answered in the role of a prophet, but without the anointing of a prophet. Okay? They answered out of their own opinion. In other words, they used the the the authority of their prophetic office as a platform to support the king. Okay? After that, and only after that, did they start to prophesy. They did not prophesy before. They just said. But now it clearly says they prophesied. Amen. And now before they weren't under a specific anointing. They would be under an anointing to prophesy. Before they just said yes, go up. But now they're prophesying. Amen. Before they're in agreement. Now they're in an agreement. But now they're in an agreement under an anointing. Okay. They presume to answer through the prophetic office. But now they start to prophesy. Amen. But they're under an anointing. And watch what it does. Zedekiah the son of Chenana made him horns of iron. Church. They must have been there a while. Made him horns of iron. And he said, "Thus sayeth the Lord, with these shalt thou push the Syrians until thou have consumed them." Zedekiah never said, "Thus sayeth the Lord before this." But now he's saying, "Thus saith the Lord." And all the prophets prophesied, saying, "Go up to Ramothth Gilead and prosper, for the Lord shall deliver it into the king's hand." They're repeating the same thing they said before. Before it was an answer. Now it's a prophecy. Okay? They're saying the same thing they said before. They're in an echo chamber. It says, "And the messenger that was gone to call Micaiah spake unto them, saying, "Behold now, the words of the prophets declare good unto the king with one mouth. Let thy word, I pray thee, be like the word of one of them, and speak that which is good. Here's the trap. Here's the hook being set. The messenger comes to the prophet of the Lord, and he says, "Listen, all the other churches are saying this. All the other ministers are saying this. All the other prophets are saying this. Say the same thing." We need to be united, brother Micah. Right? We need to be united. Don't break the unity of the fellowship of the brothers. Say what they're saying. So now Micah is under pressure. He's got a choice to make, church. Do I say what they say or do I go find out what God would say? But he has a choice. He has a choice. Amen. Now, let me say this. Were those men false prophets? some unsure faces. Were they false prophets? No, these were prophets of the Lord. And we'll see as we go through. Okay. Were they insincere? Were they pretended brothers? No. These were men that have been used before to speak for God. Watch what the prophet of God says. He says, ' And one of them, the chief Zedekiah, he put two horns and said, "Thus sayeth the Lord. By this," and he says, "Now that man was sincere." He says, "By this you will push your enemy plum back into their lands and take what belongs to God. It's given to you." He says, "I don't believe he was a hypocrite. I believe he was a good man. I believe all those prophets were." You see where we can fit, church? I trust we're all sincere. I trust we're all good men and women, good brothers, good sisters. He says, "You say prophets." He says, "Yes, remember the very man that consented to kill Jesus Christ prophesied because it was his office. He was high priest that year. And being that he had that office and held that office, the spirit of God came to him." He says that didn't mean he was saved or anything about it. And he prophesied Caiaphas because it was his office that did it. And these prophets being prophets of the office of prophet prophesied and the spirit of God came on them men with gifts of the spirit. He's not saying they prophesied by the spirit of God here. He's saying in the past they had prophesied. That's what made them prophets. What they had said had come to pass. God had used them as gifted men. Amen. So they were real prophets with real gifts and God would use them to speak to the people. Now catch this. I I talked about this briefly last service. He says, "But man, many times a man, God can deal with them and give them a gift." He says, "And the people will squeeze in on those people, and if they're not perfectly called and sent of God, they'll cause that man or woman to say something that isn't his will because the people constrain them to do it." He doesn't say those people aren't called. He says you weren't called to go squeeze them. You weren't called to put pressure on that brother or on that sister. And that's what Ahab was doing was Ahab was squeezing, he was constraining those prophets. He told them what he was going to do. And that put pressure on them to confirm him as a brother. Okay. He says, "Now, I had to catch up with our own little pastor here on it." He says, "Out here in the woods one morning about 3:00 in the morning, it said, "Go tell brother Neville." He says, "I come to you, didn't I, brother Neville?" Everybody was saying, "Brother Neville, prophesy over me. Tell me this or that." See, he says, "And you'd have him saying things then that wouldn't come to pass." He says, "They that wait to find out what the Lord wants to do." He says, "See, you see what I'm talking about? You can put pressure on people or people can put pressure on you to line up with what they're thinking, seeing, believing, doing, acting on in all sorts of areas of life. And they'll say, "Brother, get on board with me. Sister, come on. Let's do this." And what do they do? They put pressure on you to do what they are led to do. And here's the thing, church. They're the ones that are led. You got to find out if you're led the same way. and not based on what they're saying to you. Amen. You know what people do? They'll say, "I've prayed about this and this is what I feel led to do. Will you join me in it?" And what does it do? It puts a pressure on you. Because they're saying, "Here I come, Brother Bob. Brother Bob, I feel led to start a church in Hawaii. I prayed about this. Now, are you in, brother?" Now, see, he's under a false anointing. because it's an anointing of sunshine and constant good weather. But the thing is that now he's in a jam because guess what? I think he respects me as his pastor. Amen. And so I can use that influence to say now, brother Bob, the Lord has showed me something. Are you in or are you out? And now if he says I'm in, it can be responding to brother John, brother John's influence. I want a salary, whatever it might be. I want to be part of something different. I can't believe he's the first one. I'm the first one that he's asked. But the other thing is I put pressure on him to not say no. Because if he rejects me, he's really telling me, "Your vision might not be correct." You see how we can do that to a person? We can tell them, "I've prayed about it, and this is what the Lord has showed me." And we make God's will for us God's will for them. Well, what's the antidote, church? What's the antidote, Brother Bob? You say, "Brother John, I'm going to go pray about it." And that's what I know Brother Bob would do. But that's what we need to be able to stand up and say is, "Brother, sister, let me pray about it." And what does that do? It gives you time to pull back, get out of the the sphere of influence that is natural and get under a heavenly influence. It gives you time to set back and get the bigger picture. Amen. Otherwise, what is it? We have an echo chamber gospel where personalities and influences and this one says this one and that one says that one and we got to get on board, brother John. And other churches are doing this and they're singing this and they're going that. No, no, no, church. We're sovereign. You're sovereign. Not we're sovereign. You're sovereign. Each one of us is sovereign to God. Amen. And here's the thing. If it's not of God, it's going to lead to destruction. And your name and your reputation are tied to it. We have to be so careful we're not led by somebody else's vision rather than the leadership of the Holy Spirit. How do we handle it? Pray and wait. Pray and wait and then pray and wait some more. Church, there's no hurry. And if there's a hurry and you're sincere, God will give you an answer in a hurry. But otherwise, there is no hurry to these things. God will reveal his will, his will, and he'll make it sure for you in your life. Watch this. Now it says, "And Micaiah said, he's a real prophet. As the Lord liveth, what the Lord saith unto me, that will I speak." Church, this is not just a sincere prophet. This is a disciplined prophet. See, you got to have discipline. Don't get caught up in the moment. Sometimes it plays to our ego that somebody's asking us to do something with and for them. Don't let your pride get lifted up in this. Amen. Seek the Lord. This is what makes him a prophet of the Lord is he says I'm going to find out what the Lord says and I'm going to say that buddy. So he came to the king and the king said unto him Micaiah shall we go against Ramothgilead to battle or shall we forare and he answered him and he said go and prosper for the Lord shall deliver it into the hand of the king and I think he said it just like that when I read this church I I literally laughed out loud because I know the story. You know what he was doing here? You know what he was doing, brother Paul? He was trolling Ahab. That's what we'd say today. Cuz remember, he never says anything good to Ahab. And he comes up and he says the exact same thing everyone else says. Watch what Ahab says. The king says unto him, "How many times shall I adjure thee that thou tell me nothing but that which is true in the name of the Lord." Now, do you think Ahab typically said that? No. But he's got to put on a show for the brothers. He says, "And I said, and he said, I saw all Israel scattered up upon the hills as sheep that have not a shepherd. And the Lord said, "These have no master. Let them return every man to his house in peace." These have no master. The king is dead. Long live the king. Ahab, you're dead. And the army gets scattered. And the king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat, "Did not I tell thee that he would prophesy no good concerning me but evil?" Church, why does Ahab always get an evil report? Cuz Ahab's evil. Why is the preacher always preaching at me? Because you won't do what the preacher keeps telling you to do. Come on. Been there, done that from both sides of the pulpit. I see the young people laughing at me. As young people, we get it so bad, don't we? I mean, I'm not a young person anymore. I understand that. But young people, boy, I got it a lot, especially as a young people. Why? Because we don't listen so well. And we're learning to lean. That's what we're doing. We're learning to lean in these things. Amen. If you're sick of the music, change the channel. How do you change the channel? Get in the will of God. You don't like what the preacher's preaching, get him off it by doing what he's been telling you to do. That's it. Brother Bam, every time he'd come back to California, he'd say, "You're worse than the last time I was here. I keep telling you women not to bob your hair, not to do this, and not to do that." He says, "And every time there's more and more of you doing it." So, guess what? He never got to move past clean up your lives because that's all they would do. Amen. God's not going to stop correcting us until we start lining up with his word. And Ahab's constant negative prophecy against him was just a reflection that Ahab would never repent. He'd never humble himself. Did you know some people will listen to a negative service and come out blessed? You know why? Because it affirmed them in the decisions they made in their life. And I say a negative service, you know what I mean? Hard preaching. And they'll come out and they'll say that was a wonderful service. Why? Because they've already been under the effect of that message and they've done what it said. So it doesn't hurt. It doesn't bother them. It doesn't hurt their conscience. But somebody else will come out and they'll say, "Oh, I wish he'd move on from that. Why is he preaching like that?" And their attitude tells you because it pinned them to the wall and they didn't like it. Amen. They're wanting a different gospel instead of a different life. And so they won't change. And so the channel won't change. And so it says Paul said, "They went out from us because they're not of us." And eventually the word will drive them out because they won't stay there. They can't sit under that time and time again. Says, "And he said, hear thou therefore the word of the Lord. I saw the Lord." He now he's going to explain the whole situation. Okay? Remember what the prophet said, "The Holy Ghost will tell the truth on you." He says, "Hear thou therefore the word of the Lord. I saw the Lord sitting on his throne and all the host of heaven standing by him on his right hand and his left." And the Lord said, "Who shall persuade Ahab that he may go up and fall at Ramothth Gilead?" And one said on this manner, and another said on that manner. So a bunch of different spirits were giving advice and saying how they could do this. says, ' And there came forth a spirit and stood before the Lord and said, I'll persuade him. And the Lord said unto him, wherewith how you going to do it, buddy? How are you going to get them to do it? And he said, I will go forth and I will be a lying spirit in the mouth of all his prophets. See, now we start to see the big picture. Were those men sincere? Prophet of God told us they were sincere. Church, were they gifted? Yep. But what happened? They come into an echo chamber where the king said and they repeated. They're no longer God's prophets. They're Ahab's prophets. He's constraining them. He's squeezing them. He's influencing them to give him favorable terms. He says, "And he said, God said, thou shalt persuade him and prevail also. Go forth and do so." God says, "That's perfect. Go do that. That'll work." He says, "Now therefore, behold, the Lord hath put a lying spirit in the mouth of all these prophets, and the Lord has spoken evil concerning thee." Now, remember I said there's a hard verse coming up. This is the hard verse because he's saying God's looking to fulfill his word and he just did it through some sincere men with a lying spirit, no less. Now, how do you break that down? God sent a lying spirit to sincere people to tell them to prophesy incorrectly. How do you how do you how do you line that up? Remember, when that spirit came down, they had already presumed. And so therefore, they were a willing recipient of that lying spirit because they had already spoken the lie out of their own heart in sincerity. And so all that lying spirit did was it came down and it confirmed the very thing they'd already said. And because it was an echo chamber gospel, it confirmed what they had already said. They said, "That's it." Because remember, they didn't have an anointing first. They just answered. But when the anointing came down, the anointing they got matched the thing they'd said. What they'd said was a lie. The only anointing left was a lying spirit. And when that lying spirit came down, it was so in tune with them and their spirit in that moment that they presumed that that was the Holy Spirit. You see how close it can be, church? Insincerity. Insincerity. Amen. What was the trap, church? They were trying to claim a promise of God without going through the word of God. because there's only one way to get Ramoth Gilead back. Repent and return back to the word. But instead, they said, "Let's join up together with the overcomers and let's go get it." They were trying to go around the word of God. We'd say today, they were aiding and abetting a spiritual criminal. They were helping Ahab to continue on his bad ways. That's all they were doing there. Amen. They were being led around by their own desire to please the king. And so that when that lying spirit came, they willingly received it because it matched up with what they had been saying all along. That's an amazing statement, church. These were real prophets. They knew what it meant to prophesy, thus sayeth the Lord. And when this anointing, this lying spirit came down, it was so close to the real thing that they said that was the spirit of God. Amen. Remember what the scripture says? That that spirit will be so close it will deceive the very elect if it were possible. Church, do you know what makes it impossible? Because she's a word bride. She takes it back to the word. She doesn't take it back to the preacher. She doesn't take it back to the feelings of the service. She doesn't take it back to the uncction, the emotion. She doesn't take it back to the the the greatness of the man that's saying the words. She takes it back to the word. The spirit can't fool her because she's not led by a spirit. She's led by the word itself. That's the only way we're going to get through. Church, what happened here? The Holy Spirit told the truth on them. God sent a witness to make it all clear. Prophet of God says this. He says, "Then Micaiah came down and he had a vision. He examined first you notice and said, wait, give me tonight. Let me find out and tomorrow maybe I can answer you." He wasn't right quick with thus sayeth the Lord in agreement with the other prophets. He said I'll only speak what God says. And the next day we find out God told him what would happen. He says and it was absolutely contrary to the others. He said the whole school it was contrary. Remember they had a school of the prophets. He says what he said was contrary to the entire school of prophets. And even one of them walked up and smacked him in the face for it. He says but we see he waited. And when he did that, he compared his prophecy, his vision with the written word, and it was right with the word. Why? Because Ahab had said, or Elijah had said, Ahab's going to die. Ahab's going to die. And so when he got his message, he compared it with the word. Do you know, brother Brandham said he did the same thing? Though we or an angel preach any other gospel, brother Brandham did not rely on the fact that an angel spoke to him. He took it back to the word. That's an amazing thing because I can I be honest? I tend to think if I had a supernatural experience and an angel came down and told me something, I'd say yes, sir. That would be the inclination because I'm not used to hanging around angels like that. But that prophet knew, you take it back to the word and were a word bride. And believe it or not, I believe I do that today because there's lying spirits everywhere. and they come as angels of light and it'll deceive the very elected if it were possible. But it's not because she has the word. She's got an open book. Amen. Church, we have to know where we stand tonight. We've got to know why we walk the way we walk, why we talk the way we talk, why we do the things we do, why we don't do the things we do, why we go where we go, why we don't go where we don't go. We need to know why we do it by the word. Not just because we're in a sphere of influence around like-minded believers. We need to have like minds, but it's got to be the mind of Christ. It's got to be the mind of Christ. And the mind of Christ only seeks out the will of God. And when it finds it, then it does it. That's another service all in itself. Amen. But we've got to know when we're led by the word, when we're led by God, and we only know that by the word itself. You got a decision to make, take it back to the word. Find what the word says about it. Amen. If that leading takes us away from his church, from his fellowship, from a from from services, from being with the body, it can't be his leading. Can't be. It can't be. It drawn us all back to himself. Separation is the devil's work, not God's work. When it comes to the local body of believers, he says, "But Zedekiah, the son of Chena, went near and smoke in the cheek and said, which way went the spirit of the Lord from me to speak unto thee? Church, catch this now. The Holy Spirit's told the truth. And they have an opportunity. Church, repent and humble yourself. Back up. I missed it. I'm sorry. Dish on me. But what did he do, church? He doubled down. He said, "Where'd the spirit of God go when I when it was on me?" He says, "Cuz it didn't speak the same thing you did." What was that, church? Why did why did Zedekiah do it? Pride. Pride rose up. He could not humble himself. He had given himself over completely to that lying spirit. Pride will try and salvage our reputation every single time. But we've got to lay it down and say, "I was wrong. I missed it, church. I've missed many things in my life, and I didn't get anywhere until I admitted I missed it." And go back to where I missed it, and then get back on the right track. And Micah said, "Behold, thou shalt see in that day when thou shalt go into an inner chamber to hide thyelves." When they've lost the battle, and you go in and hide, you'll find out. You'll realize now that I have told the truth. Says, "And the king of Israel said, take Micah, carry him back into Ammon, the governor of the city, and to Joash the king's son, and say, thus sayeth the king, put this fellow in the prison, and feed him with the bread of affliction and with water of affliction until I come in peace." And Micah said, "If thou return at all in peace, the Lord hath not spoken by me." And he said, "Hearken, O people, every one of you." Church, you know what's the saddest thing here? Jehoshaphat said, "Is there yet a prophet of the Lord? God sends a prophet of the Lord that gives him thus saith the Lord." And you know what he did? He ignored it. He ignored it. Because why? God will always give a witness, but we've got to choose whether or not we listen to it. Amen. God had put a check and balance right in his heart. Why? Because he's a son of God. But church, there are choices we have to make. And he made a conscious choice. I'm going to go with Ahab. Now, scripture doesn't tell us why. If I was to say, I'd say what I said at the beginning. He obligated himself and he saw a word promise and he put the two together and he said, "Listen, I've given his word and the word says that that belongs to us anyways. Let's go get it." But you know what happens as soon as this goes on? They get ready for battle. You know what Ahab says? Ahab says, "Hey, Jehoshaphat buddy, I'm not going to dress like a king. I'm not going to go in my kingly armor. I'm just going to go as a regular soldier, but you you go in as a king. You be the face of my battle." You know what's scary? The child of God doesn't believe the prophet. And Ahab is just a little bit scared inside that that prophet might be right. So what's he going to do? He's going to duck out of the way, not make himself the face of it. He's going to throw Jehoshaphat under the bus, put all the pressure on Jehoshaphat, and then when it all works out, he'll take the glory. Isn't that the way it usually works out? You know the reason why people try and suck us into their schemes? Because they know your face on it is better than theirs. That's usually the truth. Because if they could do it themselves, they would. But they need somebody else beside it. And usually it's your reputation that's on the line because theirs has already been messed up. Be careful. I don't know why I'm preaching this tonight, church. I'll be honest. Be careful. Be careful what you attach yourself to. It's your reputation on the line, not theirs. In the end, though, Ahab died. In the way the scripture puts it says a random man took a random shot into the battle and that random arrow found the perfect spot in Ahab's armor where it linked up and it killed him. Why? Because the word of God's got to be satisfied, church. And we can hide from it all we want, but random things will randomly correct the situation. And the word of God's going to be true in the end. Jehoshaphat lost good men that day because he got sucked into an echochamber gospel. He got under the influence of a supposed brother and he let himself be led around by the nose and they lost good men that day. He was a good man. You look at Jehoshaphat, he's on the he's on the roles as one of the good ones. But even in his sincerity, even in his goodness, he fell subject to this influence. He was still susceptible to being influenced. You know, I've done that. I've taken what a brother has said, a minister, men of great influence, men that I really trust, and I've taken what they've said and even partially preached it over this pulpit. And God had to take me back and correct me by his word. And I had to admit I preached it wrong. You've heard me do that. Remember why? Because I took the man's word instead of God's word. We can all do it. We can all do it. Amen. He says, "But Micah knew where he was standing. He knew his God. And I know many will reject this that I'm saying now, but remember, I believe with all my heart, I know God." He says, "And I believe the age here that we're holding so much with this church and that church." He says, "And God's not pleased with it." We've got to come right out of that. We've got to get together, our hearts together. He says, "That's right." Can I speak it straight tonight? I've seen men back up men, not the word. I've seen men back up friendships, not the word. I've seen men back up churches, not the word. Why? Because they're bound to each other in that area of their life. And what does it do, church? It makes a mess and it undercuts their ministries. It undercuts their influence. It undercuts their testimony because what? If they'd have gone back and asked God what to do about it, he'd have told them what to do. And I believe more importantly, he'd have told them just to stay out of it. We're not here to fight each other's battles. We're not here to protect each other's reputations. Listen, God will make sure the truth comes out. But we can get so caught up into protecting each other, getting suckered into these things. Amen. Jehoshaphat got into it. He got involved in a fight that wasn't his. He got involved in a fight that couldn't be won. Cuz the only route to win that land back was for Ahab to repent. Jehoshaphat could go down there all day long and fight all day long. He was never going to get that land back because they had to come back the word way, which was get right with God. It wasn't his land. It wasn't his battle. Wasn't his loss. Everything was good in Judah. Why is he up there fighting a battle that doesn't belong to him? Why? Because somebody influenced them to come up and shake his hand. I'm just like you, brother. Let's go get it. He got caught up in the idea that everyone that says they're a believer is a believer. And everyone that is a child of God is always led by God. And we're not. We have to be so careful. We're starting to close. Paul would say this. He says, he's speaking of his of his his natural heritage. He says, "Who are Israelites? To whom pertainth the adoption, the glory, the covenants, and the giving of the law and the service of God and the promises whose are the fathers and of whom as concerning the flesh Christ came, who is over all God bless forever." He says the Israelites, they're the ones that are really part of the promise. Everything that's that's in the the the law of Moses, everything in the Old Testament, that is all for Israel. He says, "Not as though the word of God had taken no effect." He says, "For they are not all Israel which are of Israel." He says, "Neither because th they are the seed of Abraham are they all children." He says, "But in Isaac shall thy seed be called." Remember after Sarah died, Abraham had six more children, six more sons by Coutura. And you know what he did? He gave them a small inheritance and even pushed them on. Said, "You're on your own." Why? Because there's only one child of promise. There was only one that was going to serve God and that was Isaac. There was only one called. And that's what that's what Paul's saying here is not all that say I'm a I'm a believer are believers. Not all that say Lord Lord. Not all that go to church. Not all that believe in William Brandham. No. It's those that have received the spirit of God. That's the real believers. And it's that simple. Amen. Like I said, I'm not sure why I'm preaching it this way and I'm just trusting it's the Lord's leading. It's in my heart to do it. Amen. But what I want to say is don't presume on the will of God. Pray about it. Wait about it. Pray about it. Wait about it. Pray about it. Wait about it. And when he gives you an answer, confirm it with the word. And when you've got a word answer, now you've got confidence. If you got confidence by the word, you'll have faith that it's the right thing to do. Then your heart won't fail you. Listen to this. He says, "What man calls great, God calls foolish. And what man calls foolish, God calls great. He says, "So what we've got to do is get back into the program of God and find out after all what God wants us to do." He says, "And the only way I know to do it is prayer." Prayer is the key. That's the answer. Prayer changes everything. We're each one sovereign to God. He's the head. We're the body. We're not here to conform each other. We're not here to force you to do what I do because it worked for me and it worked for my family and it worked for this and that and the other thing. Church, we can share our experiences all day long and it's good advice, but we've got to take it back and say, "Lord, what's your will for me? What's your will for my marriage? What's your will for my family?" We're here to be led by the spirit of God. If we're led by the spirit of God, we can have faith to step into the will of God. And if we have faith in the will of in the working of God, we'll get the results of the word of God. Amen. led by him, faith of him, results of him. That's the way it's going to work out. And if the results don't match the word, church, you know what we have to say? It wasn't God leading. It isn't God leading. If the results don't match the word, and it was supposedly the word leading us, then something's wrong somewhere. And the word's not the problem. We've been led astray. He says, "Faith is designed to do this. A faith of the church should see the same program of God. He says, I want you to not miss this. Now, the church today that's called of God will certainly see the program of God because the program of God is written out here. He says it's the blueprint and the Holy Spirit by faith is the one who reads it and sets it together. Amen. God bless you. Let's stand together if you would. You know there's a big difference between saying I'm going and God is with me and God saying go and I'll be with you. You know our purpose is to find the plan of God. And when we find it we have faith to get into it and that's what brings the results. Amen. It's not to get consensus. This is not group think. This is not my way or the highway. This is sovereignty of the leading of the spirit in our individual lives to get word results. Take it simply. Do we raise our kids all the exact same way? I don't know about yours, but we don't do all of ours the same way. Some of ours you can just look at them and they'll behave. Others you can beat them till they turn blue and they won't behave. So, you got to use different methods, different ways, different times, different tones, different spoons, ones that don't break. Sister Brenda, I'm speaking from experience. That's right. God works with us sovereignly. Amen. And guess what? His plan for me is not his plan for you. The end results the same. I trust by God's grace we're all going in a rapture together. But he's going to get you there a little different than he gets me there. Why? because I'm a little more stubborn than you probably. He's going to have to work on me a little bit harder. But we're going to get there by faith. But you've got to find his will for your life and it's got to match up to what his word says. That's the only way we can do it. You know, can I share an example? I was praying about a situation recently. It was very uncomfortable for me. And and it was it was a situation where I could allow something to slide. I could in a way forgive or forget or I could require the person to do something about it. and and this person was a believer. Okay? And and I was just stuck in it because sometimes we're so stuck on being gracious, right? You ever deal with that where you just want to be kind? But you know what? There's a burden to being kind and it's not always meant for us to take. But I was sitting there and about a day, day and a half, I was just trying to wrestle with it and and I didn't know what to do and I could go one way or the other. And they were both, you know, they both had their their pros and cons. Okay? pros and cons list won't get us into the will of God, church. I speak by experience. And so I finally remembered, oh yeah, I've got a God that can give me direction. And I said, Lord, what would you have me to do in this situation? And I mean, literally in that moment, a scripture came to me. And this was a very random scripture. And it was exactly relevant to the situation I'm in. I'm not saying I had to make a leap of revelation to understand what he was talking about. It specifically said if this happens, this is what you do. That's what the scripture said. So, you know what I said? Praise the Lord. No, I didn't. You know what I did? Because what he was telling me to do was go to that person and say, I need you to make this right. And that was uncomfortable for me because sometimes it's easier to be gracious. But he said, "No, part of being a Christian and being around Christians is that you let them behave the way Christians are supposed to behave. And so I went to this person. I said, "Listen, this is what I this is what I I'm going to do about this situation." You know what they said? That's fine. I'll take care of it. And that was it. They did exactly what a Christian's supposed to do cuz I held them accountable to the word. Now, I didn't tell them why I was doing it, but the Lord had given me a very specific scripture. So, I just went and I said, "This is what I would like to do about this." And they said, "Perfect. Let's do that." And you know what that did? That just confirmed in my heart, that's a real brother. That's a real sister. Because sometimes the proof is that we that we're Christians is we are actually held accountable to being a Christian. And all it was it was I just said, "Lord, thank you for that. Thank you for giving me a word answer to a real life problem today that I wasn't sure about what to do." And when I did it, it worked out perfectly because why? That's how God works things out perfectly for our good because we stick according to his word. I only wish I'd had gone to him straight away instead of spending a day and a half wondering which way to go. And my wife was saying, "No, you need to do this. You need" And in the end, she was right. But I had a word answer to confirm why she was right. That's the kind of God we're serving. If you go to him with a need, you go to him with a question, he'll give you your answer. Amen. But you got to take the time, pray, wait. And I was so thankful. I was so thankful. He gave me the exact exact scripture and there's only one in the Bible that'll do it. And I happen to know it and he brought it to my remembrance. I said, "That's perfect. That's exactly what I'm going to do." And it worked out just fine. That's the way his word works. If you'll stick with it until he shows it to you, he'll work it out for your his glory and for your good. Amen. God bless you. Let's bow our heads together, Lord Jesus. Lord, certainly hard again tonight in many ways, Lord, but it's a reminder, Lord, to stay close to you, Lord, that as much as we love each other, Lord, as we love our brothers and sisters, professing believers, Lord, our closeness has to be filtered through the word of God and the leadership of the Holy Spirit. So Lord, I pray you take what's been said tonight, Lord, that you just anchor it down in our hearts as we may face situations, Lord. Maybe we're in them right now, Lord, that require us to to be a certain way or do a certain thing, Lord, no matter how hard it might be, Lord, how misunderstood we might be, how uncomfortable we might be, Lord, I pray you give us grace to find a word answer to our daily daily problems, Lord. grace to us, Lord, that we can surrender, submit, Lord, humble ourselves to your spirit by your word. Lord, we want word results, Lord. I don't want my results, Lord, but I want your results in my life. And Lord, I know these people do as well. So, we're praying that you'd just keep us sensitive to you, Lord. That you would lead us and guide us in your will and your way, Lord. And that as we seek it, Lord, your scripture says if we knock, Lord, it'll be opened unto us. Seek and we will find. Lord, that's your promise and we're holding you to it this evening. Lord, bless us now. Be with those that weren't here, Lord. Those that have many different needs, Lord, we pray your grace and mercy upon them. In Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. Teach me, Lord, to wait. 206 Teach me Lord to wait down on my knees till in your own good time you answer my plea. Peace. Teach me not to rely on what others do, but to wait in prayer for an answer from you. And they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as he goes. And they shall run and not be weary. They shall walk and not faint. Teach me Lord. Teach me Lord to wait. So teach me Lord to wait. while hearts are a flame. And help me hle my pride and call on your name. And keep my faith renewed and keep my eyes on thee. Help me be on this earth what you want me to be. And they that wait upon the Lord &gt;&gt; shall renew with wings as he goes. And they shall run and not be weary. They shall walk and not faint. Teach me Lord. Teach me Lord to wait. &gt;&gt; Lead me Lord. I will follow. 792. Do we know the uh verses for this or just the chorus? Sorry. When they pull it up 792, &gt;&gt; we don't know this, I don't think. Okay, we'll just sing the We'll sing the chorus. That'll be wonderful. Amen. The chorus. Lead me, Lord. Lead me, Lord. I will follow. And lead me, Lord. I will go and you have called me and I will answer. Lead me Lord, I will go. And lead me Lord, I will follow. Lead me Lord, I will go. You have called me and I will answer. Lead me Lord I will go and lead me Lord I will follow. Lead me Lord, I will go. You have called me and I will answer. Lead me, Lord, I will go. Show me your way. 11:57. Show me your way that I may walk with you. Show me your way. [Music] For I put my hope in you. For the cry of my heart is to love you mourn. To live with the touch of your hand. Stronger each day. Oh, show me your way. So, show me your way. that I may walk with you. Show me your way. I put my hope in you. For the cry of my heart is to love you more &gt;&gt; with the touch of your hand. Stronger each day. [Music] Show me your way. My hope. 1088 [Music] I stand in awe within the presence of the Lord. In whom the wisdom of the ages lie. For whom the raging of the sea subides, [Music] the living sacrifice, the only source of life, my hope. is in the Lord from this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. His tender mercies come with every rising sun to meet the sinner in his brokenness to offer healing and forgiveness. And those who trust in him will find their hearts at rest. My hope is in the Lord. From this time on and ever more. Oh, my hope is in the Lord forever more. His tender mercies come with every rising sun to meet the sinner in his brokenness. to offer healing and forgiveness. And those who trust in him will find their hearts at rest is in the Lord from this time on. and ever more. Oh, my hope is in the Lord forever more. My hope is in the Lord from this time on. and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. Amen. He won't lead us astray. Amen. We're going to sing that song. You know that song, In Your Presence, I want to go. It's 10:57. We're going to sing that as we close tonight. Brother Bob, I'm going to ask you to close in prayer. That would be okay. Amen. Remember the needs that have been mentioned. Brother Bob, Sister Joe did get home safely a little bit late, but I just wanted to thank the church for those that helped out with hosting and potato soup and and taking them out and inviting yourself over so that you could entertain them and you know, these different things. But in all seriousness, I appreciate the hospitality they were shown. It was quite a long trip and with different ones we have people volunteering to take them out and travel with them and eat with them and those different things and allowed us a bit of time to just kind of settle back a bit and clean up and and uh you know eat craft dinner those different things. So I appreciate it and my wife appreciates it and it's a it's a wonderful testimony. You know everyone when they come here they say it's a wonderful group of believers. It's a wonderful church and that's because of you. It's not because of me. And uh it's a wonderful testimony that when people go, they feel like they were home, like they were treated as as family and as friends. And so God bless you each one for that. Amen. We're going to sing this and brother Bob will close in prayer. And I want to go where the rivers cannot overflow me and where my feet are on the rock. And I want to hide where the cares of this world cannot choke me. It's in your presence, oh God. And in your presence, that's where I am strong. In your presence, oh Lord my God, in your presence, that's where I belong. seeking your face, touching your grace in the cliff of the rock. It's in your presence, oh God. And I want to hide where the flood of evil cannot reach me and where I'm covered by the blood. I want to be where the schemes of darkness cannot touch me. In your presence, oh God. In your presence, that's where I am strong. In your presence, oh Lord my God, in your presence, that's where I belong. seeking your face, touching your grace in the cliff of the rock, in your presence, oh God. [Music] Oh, I want to hide where the flood of evil cannot reach me. Where I'm covered by the blood. I want to be where the schemes of darkness cannot touch me. In your presence, oh God. In your presence, that's where I am strong. In your presence, oh Lord my God, in your presence, that's where I belong. seeking your face, touching your grace in the cliff of the rock. It's in your presence, oh God, and in your presence. That's where I am strong. In your presence, oh Lord my God, in your presence, that's where I belong. [Music] Your face touching your grace in the cl of the rock. It's in your presence, oh God, and in your presence. That's where I am strong. In your presence, oh Lord my God, in your presence, that's where I belong. seeking your face. Touching your grace in the cliff of the rock. In your presence, oh God. Hallelujah. Heavenly Father, Lord, it's the truth. It's our desire that that's where we belong, Lord, in your presence. And we've heard tonight, Lord, about the influences that the devil might try and throw at us, Father, because he goes around seeking, Lord, to devour us. But father, the truth is that the more time we spend with you, the tougher it is for the devil to get at us. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's right. &gt;&gt; And Lord, just like your servant Job, he was behind a hedge, Lord, that you had placed around him. And the devil had to get God to drop the hedge in order for him to test him. And so, Lord, we just want to thank you, Father, for that hedge, Lord, that you provided for each and every one of us. Lord, that we can just hide in the cliff of the rock, Lord, with you. And that's where our strength is. That's where, Lord, we belong. So we just pray, Father, that you'd help us as we go back out into this world, Lord, that's so evil and so full of sin, Father, with the influences that are so strong. But help us, Father, by grace to be influenced only by the Holy Spirit. That Lord, you would lift us up, Father, into your presence always. That you would guide us and strengthen us, Father. and that from the crown of our heads to the soles of our feet, Lord, we would have the armor of God upon us, Lord, that we might turn aside those fiery darts of the enemy. So Lord, as we go tonight, Lord, we humbly ask, Lord, your presence to be with us, that you would bless Brother John, Lord, and give him, Father, rest, Lord, body, soul, and spirit. And that, Father, you would just speak to his heart that he might bring more of that word, Lord, which will give us, Father, that faith that we have need of. So Lord, we pray Lord for those that weren't here tonight. May your presence be with them, Lord. You know that there are many needs, Lord, in the body. And we're just praying, Father, that you would minister to each and every one, Father. Because Lord, we know, Lord, there's nothing too hard from you, from you. So we ask, Lord, your grace, Lord, to minister to us all. Touch us, Father, by grace. And maybe, Lord, before the next service, Lord, you will have taken us home. Father, for that's the desire of all of us, Lord, bring the rapture. we pray. And help us, Father, in the meantime to love you and to serve you with all of our hearts until you take us home in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. [Music] [Music] [Music] What do you want? [Music] There we go. [Music] All right. [Music]
