################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-15 - 20250514 - Conflict Between God and Satan Pt. 2 - Bro. Garfield Grant - Garfield Grant.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-15
Title:    20250514 - Conflict Between God and Satan Pt. 2 - Bro. Garfield Grant
Speaker:  Garfield Grant
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 32m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ybBzlP4Q0WA
========================================

Description:
Quotes and Scriptures: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1jHhvwC3EPsolCfJP6NgrEEbjYaEdqxNs/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Let us stand. We'll sing that song. Father's love. Think about his grace. Think about his goodness. Think about his grace that's brought us through. [Music] For as high as the heavens above, great is the measure of our Father's love. Great is the measure of our father's love. Amen. Think about his love. Think about his goodness. Think about his grace that has brought us through. For as high as the heavens above, great is the measure of our Father's love. Great is the measure of our father's love. Amen. Think about his love. Think about his goodness. Think about his grace that has brought us through. For as high as the heavens above, great is the measure of our Father's love. Great is the measure of our Father's love. Amen. Let's sing number 741. Sorry. All right, we'll go with this. Oh Lord, you're beautiful. [Music] Your face is all I seek. And when your eyes are on these child, your grace abounds to me. Thank you, Lord. Oh Lord, your beautiful, your face is all I seek. And when your eyes are on these child, your grace abounds to me. Thank you, Lord. Oh Lord, your beauty. Your face is all I seek. And when your eyes are on these child, your grace abounds to me. One more time. Oh Lord, your beauty, your face is all I seek. And when your eyes are on these childs, your grace abounds to me. Amen. We welcome everyone here this evening. some of the prayer requests. Uh Sister Laura Snow uh sent out an update today and day before I believe as well. She definitely still needs our prayers just with uh not being able to um use the bathroom on her own and um the the being able to walk. I mean, those are big big issues. And uh also the insurance uh and trying to get into a rehabilitation um war to uh just keep her in prayer. and the brother Randy and the family, sister Sharon Van Wik uh from brother Paula Fontaine sister she's uh as you know been battling cancer and uh going through a tough time so just want to remember her in prayer. Brother Gourd Snow is back home and we trust recovering so thankful to everyone that was able to visit him and just continue to keep him and his wife and the family in prayer. Brother John keep his eye in prayer. Believe he's going for surgery soon. So hopefully that'll be resolved again. Sister Cordella, brother Nelson Guy, your God's grace to him, all the other needs, Brother Grant as he comes and ministers tonight. And uh let's sing that one. Um we we bring a sacrifice of praise and ask brother Mark to come open in prayer. [Music] Okay, just the chorus. We bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the Lord. We bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the Lord. And we offer up to you the sacrificees of thanksgiving. They offer up to you the sacriice of praise. Amen. Oh, we bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the Lord. We bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the Lord. And we offer up to you the sacrificees of thanksgiving. We offer up to you the sacrificees of praise. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we offer our sacrifices of praise unto you, Lord. And Lord, we're glad Lord that we can come Lord and gather in your name Lord and this time Lord when full word Lord has been restored Lord in this age Lord and we know Lord that you know that there's Lord there's the world Lord is just falling apart Lord but the bride Lord has been set aside Lord in goan and Lord she's hearing the word Lord the full word Lord in this hour we're so thankful Lord that we can receive it Lord Lord, I'm so thankful, Lord, that we're Lord that our eyes can see and our ears can hear, Lord, and that you're present with the bride, Lord, and you're getting her ready, Lord, for that journey ahead, Lord, that we, Lord, put into your hands, Lord, tonight. So, we thank you, Lord, for your grace. Remember all the needs, Lord, that were spoken here tonight. And remember, Lord, uh, Brother Gourd, Lord, as he just recovers, Lord. We pray your grace to him, Lord. and pray for those that aren't with us, Lord, and those who are traveling. We pray your grace to them. And Lord, we just call on you, Lord, for Brother Grant, Lord, as he comes tonight, Lord. And we just thankful, Lord, that he's here, Lord, to minister. And we just pray, Lord, that you would just anoint him, Lord, anoint the people, Lord. May we, Lord, just enter in, Lord, tonight. Put all the things, Lord, that we have to do, Lord, aside and Lord, that we can just focus, Lord, tonight, Lord, and receive from you. We ask Lord your grace upon us all. Bless each one. Bless all the needs. We pray in Jesus name. [Music] Amen. It's good to see sister Leah back. The family trust they're feeling better. Let's sing a golden oldie 1155 old boundless salvation. Oh boundless salvation, deep ocean of love. Oh fullness, our mercy Christ brought from above. The whole world redeeming, so rich and so free. Now flowing for all men. Now flowing before all men. Now flowing for all men come roll over me. My sins they are many. Their stains are so deep. And bit the tears of remorse that I weep. But useless is weeping. Thou great crimson sea man. Thy waters can cleanse me. Thy waters can cleanse me. Thy waters can cleanse me. Come roll over me. My tempers are faithful. My passions are strong. They bind my poor soul and they force me to wrong. [Music] Beneath thy bless deliverance I see. Oh come mighty ocean. Oh come mighty ocean. Oh come mighty ocean and roll over me now tossed with tempation then haunted with fears. My life has been joyless and useless for years. I feel something better. Oh, surely would be. If once thy pure waters, if once thy pure waters, If once thy pure waters were roll over me. Ocean of mercy, how longing I've stood, man, on the brink of thy wonderful lifegiving blood. Once more I have reached this soul cleansing sea. I will man back. I will not go back. I will not go back till it rolls over me. The tide is now blowing. I'm touching the wave. I hear the loud call of the mighty to save my face growing bolder. [Music] delivered. I'll be I plunge neath the waters. I plunge neath the waters. I plunge neath the waterers. They roll over me. And now, hallelujah, the rest of my days shall gladly be spent in promoting his praise. to open his bosom to pour out the sea. Oh boundlessly [Music] salvation, aboundless salvation, aboundless salvation for you and for me. And now, hallelujah, the rest of my days shall gladly be spent in commoting his grace. All his bosom to pour out this sea my glory. Thank you Lord. Salvation. Oh boundless salvation. Oh boundless salvation for you and for [Music] me. Amen. Let's sing uh number 226. The love of God is greater far than tongue or pen. can never tell. It goes beyond man. The highest star and reaches to the lowest hell. The guilty pair bowed down with care. God gave his [Music] son to win his child. be [Laughter] reconciled and pardoned from his sin. Thank you Lord. Oh love of God, how rich and pure, how measureless and strong. He shall [Music] forever more endure. The saints stand in just my when ally [Laughter] time shall pass away and earthly thrones and kingoms fall. And men who hear refuse to pray on rocks and hills my grace and mountains call. God's love so sure shall still endure all measureless and strong redeeing grace to Adam's [Music] race the saints standing just on the mountain. Oh love of God, how rich and pure, how measureless and strong. [Music] It shall forever more endure the saints and angels song. stood we within the ocean fair and were the skies of punishment made. Were every stalk on earth a queen and every man a scribe by train to write the love of God above would train me shame dry. Nor could the scroll contain the stretch from sky to sky. Oh love of God, how rich and pure, how measureless and strong. It shall forever more endure. a saint [Music] and just song. Amen. Let's sing 12:23. There are two roads you may take. One by side and one by faith. Take the word of God, not what you see. What you believe is what will be mine. Attach your wings to the wings of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace set your way. to the wings of faith. Oh, what's your need? Was your cry? Was your mountain much too high. speak the word of God and by and by they will move your mind. Thank you Lord for you will fly. Set your wings to the wings of faith. You can fly. Oh, thank you Lord. Your place do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your wings to the course again of [Music] faith. Set your wings to the winds of faith. You can fly to a higher place. Do not [Music] struggle. It's by grace. Set your wings, man, to the winds of faith. Let's stand. Watch the eagle in the sky. He does not struggle. He does not strive. For the power that makes him rise is already command. Thank you Lord in the sky. Set your wings to the wings of peace. You can fly to a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your wings to the winds of faith. One more time. Oh, set your wings to the winds of faith. Bless you, brother. Bless you. Do not [Music] tr our hearts before him. Oh heavenly father, oh God, Lord, we give you thanks one more time for being in your presence Lord and we are gathered oh God as your children this evening Lord to worship you. Lord, we acknowledge you, your presence among us, Lord. And Lord God, we feel the atmosphere, Lord God. Lord God, being saturated, Lord God, with the heavenly angels and your presence, Lord God, are so real in our hearts, Lord God, as we come, Lord, we ask for your blessing upon our lives, Lord. Lord Jesus, Lord God, recognizing that by ourself we can do nothing, by oursel we are nothing, Lord. Oh God. But Lord, with humble hearts, Lord God, we Lord, we present our lives before you. We present these bodies, Lord, and all that we know, all that we have, Lord God, we surrender it to you, Lord God, that Lord God, as we ask that you will come, Lord, hallelujah, for except you come, Lord God, it it will not, Lord God, come out in the way that it ought to be said and all, oh God, that ought to be done, Lord. But but Lord God, but if you speak to your people this evening, hallelujah, then surely Lord God, it will be a blessing. And so God, may you come, Lord God, may Lord God, remember the needs, Lord God, all that was presented before you, Lord God. Lord, your promise as you have spoken to us by the voice of Malachi 4 that you will come Lord God as El Shadai in this end time the strength giver the breasted God Lord God that we may nurture from your breast Lord God and nurturify ourself into a body change Lord God may you give us strength give us virtual healing Lord God and forgiveness Lord Lord God and may you bless your people thank you Lord God for coming thank you for hearing and answering prayer in Jesus Jesus Christ's name we pray. Let me say amen and amen. Praise the Lord. Ain't God good? Amen. Praise God. I just want to thank the Lord for another time to be standing, you know, at my point of duty. You know, it's a it's a joy for me to stand before the bride of Jesus Christ to to speak the word. You know, last week we started a a topic and um I'd like to um I mean I started it last week and I didn't even know that it was it was real good stuff, you know, I got some good stuff from brother Mark and um man I like this morning I was up until about 4, you know, not because I didn't want to go to my bed, but you know sometime you're eating something and it tastes so good you didn't want to stop. So you just keep on eating, you know, and so, you know, it was real good this morning. And so we like to continue the topic of the conflict between um Michael and and Lucifer. Um this evening, we like to turn our Bibles to the book of Revelation 12. So we're going to read two places before we before we sit. That's Revelation 12 and verse 7. The Bible says here, "And there was war in heaven. Michael on his and his angel fought against the dragon. And the dragon fought and his angel and prevailed not. Neither was their place found anymore in heaven." And the great dragon was cast out, that old serpent called the devil and Satan which deceived the whole world. He was cast out in the into the heart and his angel were cast out with him. We like to also read from Ephesians 6 and verse 12. And it reads, "For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places." You may be seated. over to where we are. And you know, we were pulled into this war because uh by reason of the position that we were in Michael, you know, at the beginning. And so we as the people of God, we stand with Michael and we stand and you know, uh we stand with him in in this battle. And so it was a war, it was a real war that was, you know, that was happening there. And and so, you know, we saw that when he came here, you know, we we see that though we were we are flesh and blood, we were born with with with the natural elements really, but the war that we're fighting is not a natural war. It is a spiritual war. And you know, and so it makes it a little bit more complicated because you're fighting things that you cannot see. You you're not able to relate to them, but they're there and they're affecting our lives in a way that, you know, in in ways that matter. It's beyond our human understanding really. And so, you know, we if we're fighting a an enemy that is so unique, then we have to be equipped, amen, to fight this battle really. And so and so the the the Bible said that the weapons that we use to fight the war is not carnal but they are made mighty to the spirit for putting down of stronghold. Amen. Praise God. And so we want to look and see tonight. We we want to go in stages that we go I I I trust God that I'll not get so excited like last week. I try not to but amen. But um we would like to look on this war to see exactly how it started. And you know we saw that this war was started by Lucifer. You know he believe you know because of the position that he was in in heaven. He believed that the inheritance belongs to him. you know he believed that that you know when God was placing you know positionally you know the inheritance that he should be the person you know you know in other words because he was the a close friend to God you know he believed that all that heaven has to afford belongs to him but it wasn't so church the inheritance belongs to the seed of God and that is very important to us to understand tonight that if you are seed of God the blessing belongs to the seed seed not to angel not to archangel it belongs to the seed of God. Amen. Hallelujah. And we say what blessing is that? You see, you know, we we look at it last week when we look on divine nature on we speak in the context of nature. When we we speak of of of a tree unfolding itself, we see nature unfolding itself. And we saying that in the life source, hallelujah, you know, it has in it all that that it has to be made manifested. And we said that God within himself, he knows all that there is within himself. And so because of his knowledge, he was able to express, you know, all of that really. And so it it is hallelujah. It is the it is divine nature and expression and it is God's creative power. In other word, when God say the word, he didn't just say it openly, but he take the word from himself, the thought from himself and expresses it. And so Lucifer didn't have that. It belongs to the seed of God. Are you there, church? The power of creation belongs to the seed of God. It was not given to Lucifer. And so, you know, and and you know, it was one of the the entry point that he had, you know. Hallelujah. And so the the reality of our journey, the reality of our walk, the reality hallelujah is is of of of the the expression that belongs to the seed. Hallelujah. And so you know and and one thing we we need to establish tonight that Lucifer was and still is a servant. Angels are servants to the bride. Amen. That you you owe them nothing. And if you are in a right position, they would have served you right. But now because you are out of position that you know and they are spiritual beings and you're natural being they make it appear as if you are subjected to them but it's not true. You know but they are subjected to you. You know Lucifer is a servant and you know he could not produce that word. You know last week I was using the analogy when we look at the the triunal state of of our being where we were body spirit and soul by virtue of that by virtue of the way you were born you were born having that nature of God you know and so if you if everything was in its rightful order by virtue of your birth you would have expressed the eternal things of God right and so you know the angel there the there were created beings they had they had spirit and and soul but they they cannot have a body. In other words, there's nowhere possible for them to express unless if there's a medium by which to do so. But God didn't create a body for them. The animal they have body and spirit but they do not have a soul. But we hallelujah but take the image and the likeness of God. We have body, spirit and soul. Hallelujah. Praise. In other words, I'm saying to you church, hallelujah, divine nature, you speaking the word would have been a second nature. It wouldn't be a supernatural act to say it. It would have been a natural hack for you to say the eternal word. It would been it would have been a part of you by h divine providence. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. And so the Bible, you know, in Isaiah 14 and verse 12, the Bible said, "How art thou fallen from heaven, oh Lucifer, son of the morning, how art thou cut down to the ground, which didest weaken the nation, for thou has said in thine heart." And you know, when I when I was going through this, something jumped out at me. You you know, he didn't say it loudly. He had it here. He kept it in his heart. Hallelujah. But the Bible said, "But the word of God is a discerner." Hallelujah. God discern his heart and see exactly what was the intent of his thought. Hallelujah. Praise God. And so the Bible said, "For thou hast said in thy heart, I will ascend into heaven and I will exalt my throne above the stars of God." That's the sons of God. You know, he wanted to exalt himself above, hallelujah, above the stars or the sons of God. And he said, "And I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation in the side of the north. I will ascend above the heights of the cloud. I will be like the most high." No, there's there was a reason why he was making this statement because where they were hallelujah as I dramatize this a little bit where they were as angel of being hallelujah they weren't directly into the presence of God where God was he was high above them so they were able to look up into that dimension and God was looking down so he wanted to go up to where God is because he know that if you go There you are in control. So his intention is that for me to control it, I have to ascend to where God is. Hallelujah. Or to ascend into a position. But church, it's not his position to ascend into. Hallelujah. And so Revelation 12 and verse 7, the Bible said, "And there was war in heaven. And Michael and his angel fought against the dragon. and the dragon fought and his angel. Now listen and you know the reason why I gave that analogy because you see when when when Christ was descending into the realms of the angel the form Hallelujah it takes an a formal which is Michael an angel Michael is Christ hallelujah is it's God in his angelic form so when he stepped down he stepped down as an angel Michael Hal Hallelujah. And he said, "Why did he do that?" You see, that's the power of the creative word. When he need a body, he speak it into existence and walk right into it. Are you there at the church? If he wants to come to earth, all he does is speak a body into existence and walk right into it. Hallelujah. That's the power of the creative creative of the creative world of God. How it gives you the opportunity to express how creation in its creative form. Hallelujah. And so Michael when Christ was represented in heaven. His angelic form is Michael. Michael is Christ. He has hallelujah a form in heaven. And you know we say he's Michael. And so you know we say when he comes to earth he has a form. When he is in heaven, he has a form. Brother Vam said in the message question and answer preach 19 of 59. Brother Adam said, see Satan was was the original archangel of God. He said he once dwell in the heaven. He once was the greatest person in heaven outside of God. What a position. What a position. And he believed that because he had this that everything else should follow behind that. You know, you know you are the boss. In other words, when when Michael was not there, who run it? Hallelujah. And so you believe. Hallelujah. But everything else should have followed behind that. Hallelujah. Brother said outside of God, he said he was the greatest person in heaven outside of God. He was God's right hand man to fellowship and he got puffed up in his heart. Hallelujah. And so it's not for angel to ascend. It is for sunship. The position of inheritance belongs to you. You got to tell yourself that. But it's my blessing. It's my inheritance. Hallelujah. What give you that? By reason of your birth. Hallelujah. You were born. Hallelujah. To inherit it. Because of your position as a son of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So the position is but to sunship. And sunship bear the divine nature of their father. Sunship have the divine creative power of God word. And by faith he could speak the eternal word from the mind hallelujah of God into existence. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. But here this one he said in his heart hallelujah that though he said in his heart I will ascend into the heaven. I will exalt my throne above the stars of God. I will sit upon the mount of the congregation in the side of the north. I will ascend above the heights of the cloud. I will be like the most high God. Hallelujah. He wanted to elevate himself. Hallelu into position that was neither his, neither by birth nor by inheritance. But church, let me tell you this evening, but the bride, the seed has the birthight to the inheritance. It's yours by by birthright. Hallelujah. That God had has given it to you, not to angels. Hallelujah. Praise God. I'm trying to show you what caused the war. An angel want something that was not his. He wanted something that belongs to you and he will do anything to get it. Hallelujah. Praise God. Even if it mean pull down heaven. Hallelujah. Tear the assemble of the angel and of heaven in order to to take the position. Hallelujah. But where did he find himself? He found himself on the outside. Hallelujah. Praise God. So better said in the message. Hallelujah. Uh uh question and answer uh preached 19 59. He said, "Now, as I just got to basing up this that Lucifer in heaven tried to exalt himself and Eva be just a little higher than his boss. And he betrayed Michael and made himself a great kingdom in the side of the north and came down and said, "Now, and he and his angel was cast out." Hallelujah. In the message Christ the mystery of God reveal oh preach 1963 paragraph 543 said notice Lucifer in the last days is doing as he did at first. What did Lucifer do? The first thing that Lucifer done uh done to separate the fellowship of God and man. He wanted to build him a united kingdom, a great splendor, and seemingly more cultured, a greater kingdom than Michael Christ had. He said, "You got it." He said, "Now, now if you missed it, just hold up your hands and I'll say it again." He said Lucifer at the beginning his purpose in his heart was to achieve a brighter a greater thing in heaven than Christ had. He said is that right by seemingly a more cultured more beautiful more splendor than the kingdom of Christ. He said do you think we'll have automobile in the millennium? Do you think we'll have a plane in the millennium? But he wanted this. Hallelujah. He wanted to build something. Hallelujah. But listen church. But all that he does it comes to not. You know when I speak in this context I remember Peter speaking of Hallelujah. All that comes outside of the word. Peter said the grass witherth the flower fadeth. In other word, hallelujah, by his wisdom, he could create it, but it will not last. Only thing that lasts is the word of God that stands forever. Hallelujah. And so, let us look at his characteristics. Some of the things that he he possess, why he had that mindset. Hallelujah. I want to tear it apart a little bit. Let you see exactly the person that you're dealing with. Hallelujah. In the book of Ezekiel 28 and and verse three, the Bible said, "But thou art wiser than Daniel, there's no secret that is can there's no secret that they can hide from thee. With thy wisdom, hallelujah, and with thy understanding, thou has gotten thee riches, and has gotten gold and silver into thy treasure. By thy great wisdom, and by thy t ter has thou increased thy riches, and thy heart is lifted up because of thy riches. Therefore, thus said the Lord, because thou a certain heart as a heart of God. Listen church, he was a very wise angel. You can imagine all these years standing there watching God unfolding all the creation. He absorbed all that knowledge. He sees it. Are you there? And he believed that listen, I am equipped. I am qualified and I can take on the job. Hallelujah. And so he was deceived by one concept. Hello. Which was this wisdom. He was driven into believing by wisdom. Hallelujah. We look also uh in Ezekiel 28 and verse 13. The Bible said, "Thou has been in the heathen, the garden of God. Every precious stone was was thy covering. The sardis, the tass, the diamond, the barrel, the onyx, the jasper, the sapphire, the emerald, the carbon and gold, the workmanship of thy tibra. And all thy pipe was prepared in thee in the day, hallelujah, that thou was created." You know, when I when I read this, it reminds me, hallelujah, why the Bible call him Lucifer, the son of the morning. Because if you see him, if you are there in heaven, and I'm taking you a trip to heaven, of course. Go with me a little bit. If you are there to see him, he stands out above all the other angels. Why? Because, hallelujah, he had 10 lights reflecting from him. You know, it's like the Bible speak of the 12 stones or the 12 light that was on the breastplate of of of of Heron and the urine venim that represents hallelujah the 12 tribe of Israel according to the covenant. But he didn't have hal Lucifer God did not give him the 12 light. God gave him 10 out of it. And so when you see him, I wish I could demonstrate. When he's coming forth, you see light protruding from him. Hallelujah. All the radiance. Hallelujah. And he looked real good. Are you church? He stands out differently from all the other angels. He was an angel of light. Hallelujah. Praise God. And because of his position, he believed. Hallelujah. But the the inheritance belongs to him. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. So that was what he was. He was the right hand man of God. Lucifer. He was the Bible call him the light bearer or shining one or as sometime called the morning star. But later when he fell his name was changed to Satan. Hallelujah. After his rebellion against God in verse 28, verse 14, the Bible said, "And thou art the anointed cherub that coverth, and I have set thee so that thou was up on the holy mountain of God. Thou have walked up and down in the midst of the stones of fire, and thou was perfect in thy ways." Hallelujah. from the day thou was created till iniquity was found in thee. Hallelujah. Praise God. He was the anoint. In other word, he has an anointing upon him. And we're going to get in the anointing a little bit. Hallelujah. The Bible say he was the anointed term that coverth. Hallelujah. Praise God. And he was so he was created perfect until iniquity was found in his heart. What was that iniquity? He knows, hallelujah. Knowing the thing was wrong and still do it anyhow. Hallelujah. He caused a rebellion in heaven and he knew it was wrong but he did it anyhow. Hallelujah. And so iniquity was found in him. Hallelujah. Now I'd like to uh for us to turn our Bibles to Ezekiel 31. I have a very long read so you just bear with me now. Hallelujah. Ezekiel 31 and we start at verse one. And this in my mind it gave a real holistic understanding of the this creature that we're dealing with. But the Bible types him in in you know as not just a person but the anointing. Hallelujah. And so it referred that anointing to the the the the king of of of of of Pharaoh, the king of Egypt. And so the Bible said, "And it came to pass in the 11th year, in the third month, in the first day of the of the month, that the word of the Lord came unto me, saying, Son of man, speak unto Pharaoh, the king of Egypt, and to his multitude, whom thou who art thou like in thy greatness? Behold, the Assyrians was a cedar in Lebanon with fair branches with a shadowing shroud and of an eye structure. And his stop was among the tip bra. The waters made him great. The deep set him up and high with a river running about his plant and sent out his little rivers unto all the trees of the field. Therefore, its height was exalted above the trees of the field, and its brawl w were multiplied, and its branches became long, because of the multitude of waters which he when he shot forth. All the fo of heaven made their nest into his gro, and under his branches did all the beasts of the field bring forth their young. and under his shadow dwell all great nation. Thus was he fair in his greatness. In his length of branches, for his root was by great waters. The cedars in the garden of God could not hide him. The fur tree were not like its br and the chest tree was not like unto its branches, nor any tree in the garden of God was like unto him in its beauty. I have made him fair by the multitude of his branches, so that all the trees of Eden that were in the garden of God envied him. Therefore, thus say the Lord God, because thou hast lifted up thyself in height, and he has shoot up among the thick, Hallelujah, among the thick bra, and his heart is lifted up in his eye. I have therefore delivered him into the hands of the mighty one to the of the heathen. He shall surely deal with him. I have driven him out uh for his wickedness. And stranger, the terrible of the nation have cut him off, and have left him upon the mountain, and all the valley of the branches are fallen. And his braw are broken by all the rivers of the of the land. And all the people of the hurt are gone down from his shadow, and have left him upon his ruin. And shall all the f of the heaven remain, and all the beasts of the field shall be upon its branches, to the end that none of all the trees by the water exalt themselves for their height, neither shoot up the top among the tip braw, neither their trees stand up in their height, all that drinkketh water, for they are all delivered unto death. to the neither part of the hurt in the midst of the children of men with them that go down to the pit. Thus said the Lord God, in the day when he went forth to go to to the to the to the grave, I cause a mourning. I cover the deep for him and I restrained the flood thereof and the great waters were stayed and I ced Lebanon to mourn for him and all the trees of the field a faint for him. I made the nation to shake at the sounding of his fall when I cast him down to hell with them that descend into the pit. And all the trees of Eden, the choice and best of Lebanon, and all the drinkkeeth water shall be comforted in the nether part of the earth. Verse 17 it says, "And all they all they also went down into into hell with him into unto them that be slain with the sword, and they that were is harm that dwelleth upon his shadow in the midst of the heathen." Verse 18. To whom are thou thus like in glory and in in greatness among the trees of Eden? Ye shall thou be brought down with the tree of heeden unto the neither part of the hurt. Thou shalt be lie in the midst of the uncircumcised with them that be slain by the sword. This is Pharaoh and all the multitude say the Lord God. Amen. Praise God. Thank you for listening. This was very long. But it speaks to this devil. Hallelu. Oh, he was distinct above all the trees. Hal by position that he he had. But you know what? But he wanted to to extend himself. Hallelujah. To the side of the north. He wanted to be like the most high. But God said, but instead of God take him up, God put him down. He was sent to the pit. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. He was demoted out of position. Really? Hallelujah. And so when he when he was kicked out of heaven, he was brought to earth. He was he he he descended to hurt. Hallelujah. And the Bible said in Revelation 12 and verse 9, the Bible said, "And the great dragon was cast out, that old serpent called the devil." Hallelujah. Praise God. He was cast out. But where did he go? You see, church, hallelujah, he was a spirit. And a spirit, hallelujah, need a body. It needs something to express itself. Hallelujah. But listen and so when he was there and he was there in the garden of God but he was like a statue you know every time I think about I and imagine he was just there every day like this nothing to do why because hallelujah the son of God was under divine leadership by the by the divine nature of God the son of God had the word Adam was living by the word of God and So God was living in a vessel and Satan didn't have a power to create a vessel for himself. And so he was there, hallelujah, powerless in a spiritual form. Hallelujah. Are you there with me, church? Hallelujah. Amen. But what did he do? Hallelujah. I'm taking it down that you see exactly. So we take him out of heaven. We bring him to earth. And here is he on hurt but powerless. But what did he do? He needed a vessel. Hallelujah. And there was none that he couldn't inhabit. So what did he do? Hallelujah. He went to a vessel that was the the closest to the human race which was the serpent. And what that spirit did? Hallelujah. What was happened? Because he started something in Genesis that he keep on doing for all the time for 6,000 years. He came to the serpent and he anoint the serpent. The serpent bears the anointing of the hallelujah of the dragon. And so when he was when that serpent was anointed here what the Bible said in Genesis 3 and verse one. Now the serpent hallelujah hallelujah. The serpent was more subtle than any beast of the field, which the Lord God has made. Hallelujah. And he said unto the woman, "No, it seems like it was a casual normal conversation, but it was a conversation that he was under an anointing." Listen, church, but serpent had that conversation with Hea all the time. But this morning, this particular time, he was anointed by a devil. Because what Satan want, he wanted a channel. Remember, he did not have the power of creation. He could not produce a seed. And so the conversation was was with the intent, h to get the human race, Hallelujah, to get into it by what? By a seed. Hallelujah. Why did he need a seal? Because if he could get a sealed, hallelujah, then he could populate that anointing. Hallelujah. He want that anointing to have a voice. It didn't have one. But if he Hallelujah, if he could anoint something, which he did, he anointed an animal. Hallelujah. And so when the animal, the serpent was having the conversation with heave, he said, "Hallelujah. Now the serpent was more subtle than the beast of the field which the Lord God has made. And he said unto the woman, "Yeah, had God said, he shall not eat of the trees of the garden?" And the woman said unto the serpent, "We may eat of the fruit of the tree of the garden, that of the fruit of the tree in the midst of the garden, God said, he shall not eat of it, neither shall he touch it, lest he die." And the serpent said unto the woman, "He shall not," three letters, "He shall not surely die." What did he do? Hallelujah. He injected a word, a seed to thought in her head. She never thought about that, church. Hallelujah. I'm trying to show you. But when the anointing, that Lucifer anointing comes, he comes to inject thought. The battle is in your thought. He wants you to think about it. But church, if God said it, that's secular, don't think about it. It's God's perfect word. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. But of the fruit of the tree in the midst of the garden, God said, if he shall he shall not eat of it, neither shall he touch it, lest he die. And the serpent said unto the woman, he shall not surely die. For God know that in the day he eat thereof. Hallelujah. Then your eyes shall be open, and he shall be as God's, knowing good and evil. Hallelujah. We go down to verse verse uh verse 12. Hallelujah. And the Bible said, "And the and and the man and the woman whom thou gavest uh this was Adam speaking. The man said, the woman that thou gavest to me to be with me, she gave me off the tree, and I did eat." And the Lord God said unto the woman, "What is this thou hast done?" And the woman said, "The serpent beguiled me, and I did heat." And the Lord God said unto the serpent, because thou has done this, thou art cursed above all the cattle, above every beast of the field, upon thy belly thou shalt go, and dust thou shalt heat all the days of thy life. And I will put emity between thee, hallelujah, and the woman, between thy seed and her seed, and it shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt bruise his heel. Hallelujah, church. What did that angel achieve? Hallelujah. It did not have the power of creation, but he was able to exercise his wisdom by deception. And by that deception, he was able to plant a seed. Hallelujah. something a vessel that he can manifest his work. In other word what I'm saying church hallelujah he want to bring the battle here but he could not bring it here because there was no vessel but now that he has a vessel the battle move from out of heaven and it comes right down here because what we are seeing now church coming out of Genesis are two vines hallelujah two seed coming out hallelujah one that belongs to Michael and one that belong to the serpent hallelujah praise God. Verse two, anointing. Hallelujah. Now in in Genesis, it was Cain and Hel. Now it comes forward. So we are watching the trail of the seed. We're able to follow the seed of the serpent and be able to see it by the anointing. Hallelujah church. But Antichrist anointing, hallelujah, has been here. Hallelujah. Anointing, anointing, anointing. And we saw it comes and it anoint it seal. You said go did Satan is Satan a father? Yes he is. He begotten children not in the way that God would have wanted it but by his wisdom he was able to do that. And so we saw the seed the two vines coming forth. Hallelujah. Cain and Haber and they're moving forward and they're going all the way down through history. We're seeing Isaac and Ishmael. Hallelujah. We're seeing Jacob and Esau. We're seeing Jesus and Judas. Hallelujah. We're seeing Christ and the Antichrist is it's coming all the way down. Hello. To where we are today. Hello. The trail of the seal. Hallelujah. Amen. And so that's why church, we have this war. Hallelujah. Paul said, "Hello, we are battling not with flesh and blood, but we are fighting church that anointing. We are fighting that anointing. Hello. And it's set forth, church, to do what? It's set forth to go against the Christ seed. It's coming against you." Hallelujah. You and I, church. Hallelujah. It's designated to come against you and I. Hallelujah. So listen, we're fighting the same battle. We're fighting the same war that started in heaven. Hallelujah. Between Michael and Lucifer. We're fighting the exact same battle. Hallelujah. And so here what we're looking at, what we are seeing is Lucifer and Michael again. Hallelujah. Church, which side are you on? It depends. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And which on and whether or not the word of God is being revealed to you in this day because the seed of God gets the revelation by faith. The seed of God get the promise by faith. And the Bible said, hallelujah, the judge shall live by faith. You will live by the revealed word of the hour in the day in which you're living in. Lucifer and Michael again once again. Hallelu. And it's Christ. So what we're seeing church hallelujah is Lucifer and his family. It's a wow. Hallelujah. And what we are seeing is Michael and his family. Hallelujah. Praise God. The two seed. Hallelujah. So we are seeing them separated. Hallelujah. We're looking at the two anointing coming down. Hallelujah. The anointing Christ. Hallelujah. and that antichrist. Amen. Anointing. So let's let us zone in a little bit because now you see we look on him in heaven as an angel. But we are now looking on him in his earthly manifestation as an anointing. Hallelujah. Because that's what he does. He comes in and he anoints. And so in the revelation 12 and verse one, hallelujah. You know, we're taking him back, you know, 2,000 years ago. Revelation 12 and verse one, the Bible said, "And there, and there appear a great wonder in heaven, a woman clothed with with the sun, and the moon under her feet, and upon her head a crown of 12 star, and she being with child cried, travail in birth, and pain to be delivered." And there appear another wonder in heaven. And behold, a great red dragon having seven head and 10 arms and seven crowns upon its head. And it tail drew the third part of the stars of heaven and did cast them to the earth. And the dragon stood before the woman which was ready to be delivered for to devour her child as soon as it was born. and she brought forth a manchild who was to rule or nation with a rod of iron. And her child was caught up unto God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Unto his throne. Hallelujah. And so, church, what we're seeing, hallelujah, for those of us who are taking notes, you know the Bible speak in Revelation 13 of the first beast. Now the beast, hallelujah, hallelujah, was that anointing, halle that was working at the time of that dispensation when Herod the king, hallelujah, was there, he was, he was a king of of Rome. And so when he heard, hallelujah, of the Christ seed that was born, what he did, he wanted to kill it. Hallelujah. When the when then the when when the wise men go to him and said, "Hallelujah, we have seen a star. We know that the king was born. Hallelujah. We see we know that the Christ child is here." What did he do? He said, "You go out and if you find him, send bad news." Hallelujah. That we may go and worship him just the same. But what was the intent? The intent, church, hallelujah, was to kill that Christ child. Hallelujah. And so what we saw, hallelujah, was under that first revelation 13:1, the first beast, Hallelujah, when Rome was anointed, when Herod was anointed by that anointed, Hallelujah, by by that by that anointing of Lucifer. The anointing was set forth to destroy Christ. It was set forth to destroy Christ. Are you there with me, church? Hallelujah. Praise God. And so pagan Rome, hallelujah. It was Rome by their paganism. Hallelujah. It wasn't because they were converted, but they were pagan. And under that pagan ship, hallelujah. What did what they want to do? They wanted to kill Christ with what? With a physical sword. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. But God delivered. Hallelujah. The Christ child, what am I saying? The Rome, hallelujah, having that anointing, pagan Rome, hallelujah, have that anointing to do what it set forth to destroy physically. Hallelujah. Satan was working through the Rome to kill that Christ trial being anointed by the same devil anointing coming after Christ tried to kill it with with a physical sword. But listen church. Hallelujah. And and I probably just slow down a little bit because I want you to catch this. It was a physical sword. Hallelujah. It wasn't a spiritual sword. It was a physical sword that he was sending forth. Hallelujah. By a physical system, but that system was anointed by the devil. Hallelujah. And so the anointing was up and wrong. Which anointing? That same anointing that was in heaven, hallelujah, came to earth and it found vessels, sealed children to manifest. And that an anointing set forth to destroy the seed of God. Hallelujah. Amen. And so pagan Rome rose up. Hallelujah. To do that. But remember now, hallelujah. Revelation 13 and verse three, the Bible said, "And I saw one of one of his head as it were wounded to death, and his deadly wound was healed, and all the world wander after the beast." Now, what was happening in Revelation 3, Revelation 13 and verse three? Hallelujah. Now that pagan Rome system, Hallelujah. Praise God. It was dismantled. It was in shambles. Hallelu. And so the power that was once there in operation could not, Hallelujah. be effective. And so what that devil does, it move away from pagan Rome. Rome with its political power and political influence to paple Rome. Are you there in the church? Hallelujah. But with what I'm saying to you, it is the same devil all the time. Hallelujah. It just simply changes position from just a physical power to a spiritual power. Hallelujah. To paple Rome. Hallelujah. Now when that system came on board, Hallelujah. AD3:25. Hallelujah. when hallelujah they wanted to establish who was Christ and they said that he was not God. Hallelujah. But it came out that he was like substance. Hallelujah. In other word and so what they did hallelujah the the the political power and the religious power came together and anoint a man called the pope. Hallelujah. And that pope become the vic of Christ. In other word, he become instead of up the Holy Ghost. He become the voice of God to the people. Whatever he says is law. Are you there me church? Hallelujah. But let me tell you church that he was anointed by the same Lucifer spirit. Hallelujah. And it has one position church. It has one objective and that is to get you and I to get the seed of God. Amen. Oh my. Oh, forgive me. I'm getting get a bit too excited here. Hallelujah. That great of Revelation, Papa Rome, Hallelujah, was risen up with the same anointing. So the same anointing that was on Herod is on that hand, that war, that church that is anointed Hallelujah. Halle And she was anointed to do what? To destroy Christ. Hallelujah. And it already shown what Era tried to do. So we know what the nature of the dragon is. There's anointing. Hallelujah. That's why church in this day you got to watch it because there's so much anointing out there. And these anointings are religious. Hallelujah. They take they're so close Hallelujah. the original. The Bible said it would have deceived the very elect. Hallelujah. But how the elect cannot be deceived. Why? Because the elect doesn't judge it by the anointing. The elect judge it by the word. Are you there in the church? If it's not God's word, listen. It got to run. Hallelu not to Genesis and stop. But it got to go from Genesis all the way to Revelation. It got to be perfect. Hallelujah. according to the scripture and it cannot break the scripture at any point. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. So we know that the nature of the dragon. Hallelujah. And there's an anointing to bring to pass what must be brought to pass. Of course, we say that the anointing on Herod was a natural sword to kill the children. But this anointing on the church is a spiritual sword. And what is it doing church? The sword of the word, what it is doing. It is twisting. It is twisting the word in the word. Hallelujah. Satan knows exactly what he's doing. You see, church, in this war, if I can take from you your identity, if I can make you feel as if you cannot overcome, if I can pressure you to believe uh that all you're praying for, all you're seeking for that this God that you're trusting in is not hearing you, I can keep you into a position. Are you there, my me, church? Uh but what is he doing? Uh he attacks the word. Uh he attacks the word. Because if you can get the word then you can step forth with your identity believing what God say about you. What he says about he said you're more than conqueror. He said you are hallelujah. You're his children and he said he has chosen you in himself before the foundation of the world. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So what he's doing, he has a sword. He's twisting by tradition. He's taking out pieces. He's not taking all of the church, but bits and pieces out of it. Hallelujah. He's putting in stuff and he's taking out stuff. Hallelujah. And what is he doing by doing that? Uh he's making the word of God has none effect. Uh because the spirit of God only operate by the word of God. And if the word is not perfect, then the spirit of God cannot operate. Uh are you there with me church? Uh and so that anointing when it came to kill with the sword, it moved the teaching of the apostles and replaced it with the tradition of men. Uh are you there church? And when it does that, it drove the Holy Spirit out of the church. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. making the word of God of none effect and that is death. Listen church, you talk about crucifying Christ aresh if you take the word out but what you're doing church you're crucifying Christ. Are you there the church? Hallelujah. And so that what they're doing church how they're nailing him to the cross. They're killing his influence upon the people. And what you're seeing, you know, it's always something Mark when I when you go into a Catholic church where you see you see vestries of pictures and images and cross. Hallelujah. And what they're doing with all of those they say a picture say a thousand words because when you look upon it and you see it hallelujah for too long you begin believe that it is real. It's not real. It's an image. Hallelujah. Is something to catch your attention in your thought in something else. Uh but I tell the church keep your mind of the word of God. Keep your mind stayed on him. Stay on the word. Stay in the position. Stay on the promises of God. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Oh my. We're getting there. Hallelujah. So, Revelation. So, we saw the pagan Rome died under its physical Hallelujah. sword and and and that's physical anointing. The anointing move into the church. And so we saw a woman, a church rising up with the same anointing. And when she started, Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. We saw her in Revelation 17. Hallelujah. Revelation 17 and verse three. And the Bible said, "And so and verse three, we saw it in verse three. And so he carried me away in the spirit into the wilderness. And I saw a woman sitting up upon a scarlet color beast full of eyes of blasphemy having seven head and 10 horns. And a woman was array in purple scarlet colored and decked with gold and precious stone and pearls and having a golden cup in her hand full of abomination and filthiness of her fornication. And upon her forehead was a name written mother mystery Babylon the great the the mother of harlot and abominations of the hurt. And I saw the woman drunken with the blood of the saints and with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus. And when I saw her I wonder with great admiration. Oh church. It was the same system. Hallelujah. that that went after Christ. Hallelujah. Now she's anointed. And what she's doing, she's going after the apostles. She's going after the believers. Why? Because, hallelujah, because all that does not agree with her and her teaching. All that doesn't accept this Romanism teaching, you know what she does with them? She kill them. She force them to. She burn them. She trap them. She feed them to lions. Are you there, church? Hallelujah. That's the position that she take against the seed of God. And don't think that we're going to escape her. There got to be a time that this bride have to confront one way or the other. We're not confronting a church, but we are confronting an anointing that is set forth. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. And the angel said unto me, "Wherefore did thou marvel? I will tell thee of the mystery of the woman, and of the beast that carried her, which had the seven head, and 10 arms, uh, the beast that thou size was and is not, and shall ascend out of the bottomless pit, and go into predition. And they that dwell on the herd shall wonder whose names are not written in the book of the of life from the foundation of the world when they the behold the beast that was and is not and yet is. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. And so this church hallelujah this woman that was riding on this scarlet colored beast h it was pouting empowering her. She was being anointed. And so when we saw this church, hallelujah, you say Satan doesn't have miracle. Yes, he has miracle. He will call fire from heaven. He will do he will raise. He will heal the sick and all these things. Hello. He has that. But church, the bride is not drawn into Hallelujah. Is that drawn into spiritualism. Hello. But the bride must see the word and the bride must obey the word. But she's anointed with all of these spiritual happenings. Are you getting me? There's a power that is behind her. And she start 2,000 years ago. And so we pick up on that trail, a ride, riding that beast, that anointing. She's riding it. And we pick up on that riding in Revelation chapter 6 under the seals. Hallelujah. when we saw her coming forth. Hallelujah. And the Bible said in verse revelation 6 and verse two, "And I saw and be all a white horse." That's innocency. She comes in innocent, religious, looking real good, looking like something you want to be a part of with all that administration. Hallelujah. But what was it? There was a beast. Hallelujah. That was carrying it. Hallelujah. But now church, hallelujah. It was so much that that hand of this. Hallelujah. That the Bible didn't mention of her, but the Bible said, "But he that was upon it." And we thought that it was her. But it was him. Oh, church. Hallelujah. What was Satan doing? He was guising himself in the church. He was taking a form that when you look, you see people, you see men and and dressing all of this. But what it was, it was the power of the devil. Oh my. It was Satan. Hallelujah. Starting his trail religiously. And watch him. Starting at as a white horse rider, moving through the system. He was riding innocently. Starts quite well. Hallelujah. Behold, a white horse. And he that sat upon him and a bow. Hallelujah. And a a crown was upon upon him. And he was set forth to do what? To conquer. A set for conquering and to conquer. What was he doing church? Hallelujah. Praise God. But when I'm speak about this under the church age, he said that that nicolating demon, that's nicolating spirit. It said forth. He said the word nic mean to conquer and lady mean the people. Hallelujah. That that spirit was set forth to conquer the lady. Are you there with me church? It was set forth. Hallelujah. The Bible said that he had a bow but had a but he had no arrow but what was it? He was a impersonator. Hallelujah. Praise God. But he takes hallelujah that religious form. And so when he started in the church, hallelujah, it was little isim and schism and and the different thing that was coming up. It wasn't the full power. Hallelu are you there me church? But watch as it moves as it rides. Hallelujah. Verse three. And when he had opened the second seal, I saw the second beast and he said, "Come and see." Hallelujah. bride, what are you looking at? Are you seeing that beast? Are you seeing it straight? He said, come and see. And so there went forth another horse. Hallelujah. That was red. And power was given unto him that sat there on to take peace from the earth. Hallelujah. That they should kill one another. And there was given unto him a great sword. In other words, church, it didn't have a sword before. But now, hallelujah. What started as a deed becomes a doctrine. In other word, what I'm saying, hallelujah, nicolatism that came into the church discreetly under the anointing, it become the standard. Hallelujah. By which the people are judged. And if you do not accept the standard, there's a sword that will catch you. Oh my. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. And when he opened the third seal, I heard the third beast said, "Come and see." And behold, and a black ars, and he that sat upon him had a pair of balance in his hand. And I heard a voice in the midst of the four beasts, say, "A measure of wheat for a penny, and three measure of valley for a penny, and see thou not earth, the oil, and the wine." And when he had opened the fourth seal, I heard the voice of the fourth beast say, "Come. and see. And I look, and behold, a pale horse, and his name that son upon him was dead, and hell followed with him. And power was given unto them over the fourth part of the earth to kill with the sword, and with hunger, and with death. Hallelujah. And with the beast of the hurt. Hallelujah. Oh church, can you see? This is the age that we're living in. the age. Hallelujah. Under the dead rider church. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You see when he started, he started in the name of the church. Hallelujah. But under the fourth seal, the Bible reveal his name. We know what his name is now. His name is death. And the Bible said, "And anywhere that angel is, anywhere that infest is hell follow." Hallelujah. Church, what am I saying? No wonder the time is so dark. No wonder the healing shadows are failing because debt is everywhere. Hallelujah. Debt is in the school. Debt is in the home. Debt is in the church. Why? Because of that influence of that demon, that Satan anointing that get inducted into it. She's under an influence. Hallelujah. That produces death. And listen where death is. Hallelujah. L follow behind that. Hallelujah. So we said there comes papal Rome riding with her power the power of the antichrist. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So we said the mechanical the mechanics. Hallelujah. So listen. And so when it started it started in Europe. Hallelujah. It's established itself and it's enforced itself by law in in Europe. And so all that did not agree with it. Hallelujah. It it went against them. And what did it do church? Hallelujah. Listen, not everybody accepted it. Not everybody agreed with that that anointing. There were people there who never had embraced it. But what did that church do? Hallelujah. It it slaughtered them. Hallelujah. because uh to reject Catholism to accept Protestantism and what Protestantism was it was protesting uh the teaching of the Catholic and because they protest the teaching of the Catholic what what it brought. Hallelujah. It brought forth church hallelujah 68 million Protestant that are killed because they said no to her. two Christians who said no to her, they were killed. Hallelujah. So the European Union Ha enforced it. She was under law. Hallelujah. In other word, there was no criminal hal application to to her action. If you don't believe, you're dead. That's a measuring stick. Do we embraced it? No. That's it. Hallelujah. Praise God. And so she slaughtered 68 million. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So we saw that same anointing rising up Papa Rome was covering all over, you know, it was covering for the last 300 years. Hallelujah. because the law of the land, you know, gave her that that power, that that will. And she does she did all of that. Hallelujah. She had the law in her hand and she killed the 68 million and they were true believers. Hallelujah. And she put them to death who she crucified. She crucified the manifested word in the day in which hal it came forth unheard. But I'm trying to show you church quickly as we go. We're coming to an end quickly. I want to show you exactly what the intent of this of this war. Listen, it's not a picnic. It's not a jaw ride, church. Listen. Hallelujah. Something I want to show you. You know, I'm talking about Mark, you know, he gave me something and man, it I didn't see this. Hallelujah. But listen, we saw that spirit. Hallelujah. And so in Europe, they they recognize they could not fight that system. Protestantism could not survive there. And so what it did, it moved from Europe and it travels to the west for what? Hallelujah. Because they wanted a safe house. They want somewhere that they could have freedom of religion. Are you there, church? They want religious freedom and they could not get that in Europe because of capitalism. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And hallelujah. And so we saw the first beast which was a political Rome and the Herod. We saw hallelujah that that that beast coming forth and changing. Hallelujah. But now we are going now into that second beast. Hallelujah. Which now speak to America. You know I I think I better say it. You know, because now with the appointment of of of a a new pope into the Americans, you got to know why and what Brother Bottom says about that, right? Hallelujah. So, the second beast in Revelation 13 there. Revelation 13 11. And I beheld another beast coming out of the hurt. Hallelujah. And he had two horns like a lamb and spoke like a dragon. Hallelujah. Now this is the second beast that was coming out of the earth. Now listen, this was America. Remember now how the American dream or it was started. It was started upon the base of Protestantism. Hallelujah. They were protesting the teaching of the Catholics. Hallelujah. And so they said what happened in Europe under that killing it said it will never happen again. Hallelujah. And so the America was established upon freedom. Hallelujah. And so when we saw that beast, watch what I'm saying. The Bible said, hallelujah. It had two arms. Hallelujah. Like a lamb. That's America starting under Protestantism. Real godly nation. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It started as a lamb having arms like a lamb or he the hand of it. The Bible said she speak like a dragon. Which dragon? The same dragon that she run away from. Oh my. Hallelujah. She end up speaking like a dragon. That same spirit that was upon the first beast, hallelujah, is now revived. Hallelujah. The two arms are two powers. Hallelujah. One speak to the civil power. Hallelujah. The state and authority, the federal authorities and and so forth. And the other speak of the ecclesiastic. Hallelujah. Which is the religious power. Hallelujah. under under the west under Protestanism. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. But what was the church? It was Protestantism fleing from Europe to get out from under the pressure of the Roman church and they came over here to find freedom of religion. Therefore, when it had therefore it was a little lamb with the two powers the church wanted to remain free from capitalism and she wanted to stay with the word the political world hallelujah wanted to remain free from capitalism. So she lined up with their laws according. So both powers stood together. Hallelu. And then two Hallelujah. 200 years after look what happened. 200 years after brother John look what happened to her. Hallelujah. Oh my. Brother Benham said I quote brother Benam. They're coming down quickly. Brother said in the message, hallelujah, a testimony of the sea, he said, "If God's willing, I'm giving a trying now of evangelism." We know that the re revival is over. He said, "Everyone knows that. I predict that back then in 56, he said it would start ending." He said, "Billy Graham, come back and Tommy Osborne and them." I said, I said, "This is it. America will receive. I reject it this year." And they rejected it and we are nothing waiting but judgment. He said, "But you mark that down and see if brother Brandham is right or not." He said that's thus said the Lord. Hallelujah. We're heading for it. We are going to pay what we have done. We have got too much glamour in the church and Allwood and everything. God is sick and tired of it. And the last one will come after a while and say and that will be it. Hallelujah. Church of the living God. Hallelujah. How can someone tell me? Hallelujah. that a church that rebelled against a system. Hallelujah. Now form a conglomeration of churches. Hallelujah. Where now who's sitting at the head of that conglomeration is Rome. And to the point, Hallelujah. She now become the voice. Hallelujah. Speaking of the second beast, America anointing, hallelujah, embracing a pope. Hallelujah. What are they getting ready for? Hallelujah. A revival of the beast. Oh my. Hallelujah. Oh my. Let us read it. Let us read it quickly. Revelation 13. Hallelujah. I didn't have my note, but it just came to my thought that I should read it. Revelation 13 and verse 11. And and I beheld another beast coming out of the the hurt. and he had two arms like a lamb and he spake like a dragon. This was like 2,000 years after 200 two 200 years after rather and he exercised all the power of the first beast. What am I saying church? But this beast had a disappointment. Hel is Rome again. Rome have one intent. Hallelujah. The intent is all that does not agree with her. She's coming after them. Church, little churches like this will not survive her because either you accept or you die. Hallelujah. And so churches, places, believers will be placed under pressure. Why? Because now the dragon is speaking again. The anointing that was in Europe, the anointing that was in heaven is coming after you and I. And it has one position is to kill with a sword. They want us to accept the teaching. Hallelujah. And if you accept the teaching of catalism, hallelujah, is accept the mark of the beast. You're doomed. But you know what, church? But this bride, I'm closing now. I had it long enough. Amen. I'm closing now. And so brother Bam said under the feast of trumpet paragraph 207 he said while this great group is he said while this group down here got 2,000 he 2,000 bound in the river Euphrates he said is meaning 200,000 he said had been bound for 2,000 years he said also the church has bound B the Holy Ghost for no nearly 2,000 years. He said under Hermatum back there and under the church ages it has been bound. He said not of the river Euphrates but that the church door of creeds and dogmas. He said that the Holy Spirit can't work in the church because of the man-made system. But he said but she's going to be he said but she is going to be liberated. Come on church. We are going to be liberated. Hallelujah. But said, but this church is going to be liberated. She's coming back. He said that's what the Bible said. Those two, Hallelujah. will meet again. It said once another, it said those two will meet one another on the battleground. Lucifer, Michael again like it did in the beginning. It said they have got bound for 2,000 years. almost uh almost 2,000 years. But he said what was loose, hallelujah, from the Euphrates two 200 millions demon. They're coming after the bride church are coming after you and I under the Hallelujah. Know your understanding why there had to be a pope from the west. Hallelujah. Why? Because the churches, the Protestantism that came from her, she sent to saying to them, "Come back home to mama." Hallelujah. The Bible said she's a war with daughters and her daughters are Protestanism and she's bringing back everything back to herself. What about you and I if we don't agree? Oh my God. Hallelujah. But what is it church? demons from the pitfer that was laid in the river Euphrates. They're waiting their time because they know church that there's a bride in the land. There's a people that Hallelujah who have heard the voice of God. A people who have received thus said the Lord. A people who have received an entire message. A people who have the revealed word of God for the hour. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. and see. Hallelujah. She's rising up because the people who have heard the word of God. Hallelujah. And those demons that are in the river Euphrates, they're coming at you, church. They're coming in sickness. They're coming in your families. They're coming in your school. They're coming in your dream church. This demonic power, they're coming from everywhere. Are you there at the church? political demons, religious demons. They're coming church with one intent. Hallelujah. To make the word of God of none effect. But what church, hallelujah, but let me tell you this evening, you stood with Michael back then. Hallelujah. Until the Bible said in this day, hello. Michael your prince is going to descend. Oh, can I tell somebody this evening that Michael your prince uh Revelation 10:1 has descended to do what church? To match that devil, to fight that devil on the battlefield. Hello. We are not alone, but we have Michael on our side. Hallelujah. He has given you the word to overcome. Hallelujah. And the Bible said in closing brother in closing, hallelujah, what is what has he done? He has given us the word thus said the Lord that cannot fail. God has given us the word to overcome. And the Bible said, "And they shall overcome him by the blood of the lamb and the word of your testimony." Church, when God called you, he called you as an overcomer. Are you there, church? And Michael, your prince is here. He's fighting your battles for you. Hallelujah. He's here to match Lucifer. Hallelujah. Amen. Michael Christ is standing in his bride to meet the challenge because Lucifer has been loose and Christ has been loosed. Church, the powers of heaven has been loosed upon the bride. You're not powerless. You're not a chicken. Hallelujah. You're not a defeated bride, but you have the word. Brother Adam said, what started Hallelujah? What started in its infancy, the power of the resurrection that started in it in its infancy, brother said, hallelujah. In instances, brother John, you see little bits of it like sister Justin the other day, she came up and she had a hair problem. Hallelujah. She came and Michael her prince came and meet her at the altar. And what Michael did, he gave her a foretaste of the resurrection. Are you there me church? Life sign is in her again. She recognized that he is here and he is here to do what? To bring forth resurrection sign. Oh church, you're marked. Hallelujah. With resurrection power. Power of the Holy Ghost. Resurrection power. Sign of life is coming again and we are seeing it little by little. What is it church? Michael your prince is matching the occasion. Fighting your battles for you. God bless you tonight. I didn't meant I got excited about you. But you're not alone. Hallelujah. The reason why God sent a prophet is that God wanted you to know by the word what he's doing that you're not left in the dark. Hallelujah. I said when you get the word and he come to the sea, you know exactly what God is going to do. Or you know by the scripture. God bless you this even. God bless you. Then I'll stand. Let's sing. Um, how great is our God? Just start with the first verse. The splender of a [Music] king clothed in majesty. Let all the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoice. He wraps himself in life. The darkness tries to hide and trembles at his voice. Trembles at his voice. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great how great is our God. Age to age he stands nothing. And time is in his hand. Beginning and the end. Beginning and the end. My glory. The bride and Christ are one. United time has come. And soon we're going home. Glory. Thank you, Lord. Oh, how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great how great is our God. Come again. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great how great is our God. You're the name above all names. You are worthy of our praise. Oh my heart will sing. How great is our God. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God? And all will see how great how great is our God. [Music] The splender of a king clothed in majesty. Let all the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoice. He wraps himself in life. Thank you, Lord. And darkness has to hide and trembles at his voice. It trembles at his voice. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great, how great is our God. Age to age he stands. And time is in his hand. Beginning and the end. Beginning and the end. The bride in Christ, my glory. Hallelujah. Unite in time, man. Glory. Soon we're going home. Soon we're going home. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great how great name above all names. You're the name above all name. You are worthy of our praise. How my heart will sing. How great is our Sing again. Name above all names. He's a name above all names. even worthy of all praise. How my heart will sing. How great is our God. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God? And all will see how great, how great is our God. One more time. Oh, how great is our God. Come sing with me. How great is our God? And all will see how great how great is our God. [Music] Amen. Glory. Let's sing that one. We've been made more than conquerors. We've been made more than coner over in this life. We've been made [Music] victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. Thank you, Lord. We've been made more than coner, overcomers in this life. We've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. Man, we've been made more than coner. [Music] overcome us in this life. We've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. One more time. For we've been made more than coner, overcomers in this life. We be made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. [Music] Um, let's sing 595. Consume me Lord with the fire of your spirit. Consume me Lord and make me more like you. Break me, Lord, and bless the broken pieces of my life. Let me be used and oh Lord by you. Consume me Lord with the fire of your spirit. Come to me, Lord, and make me more like you. Embrace me, Lord, and bless the broken pieces of my life. Let me be used, oh Lord, by you. Consume me, Lord, with the fire of your spirit. Consume me Lord and make me more like you my break me Lord and bless some broken pieces of my [Music] life. Let me be you, oh Lord. By you, let's sing 769. Lord, I believe in [Music] you. I'll be in you. Oh, I can see you with my eyes, deep in my heart. Your presence I find. Lord, I believe in you. I'll put my trust in you, my Let the whole world say what they make. No one can take this joy away. Lord, I believe in you and help us I believe in you. I'll believe in you. Though I can see you with my eyes, deep in my heart, your presence I find. Lord, I believe in you. Come and help us. I put my trust in you. Let the whole world say what they make. No one can take this joy your way. Lord, I believe in you, my Lord. I believe in you. I'll believe in you. Though I can't see you with my eyes, deep in my heart, your presence I find. Lord, I believe in you. Oh, I put my trust in you. Help us. Let the whole world take what they make. No one can take this joy away. And Lord, I believe in you. Sing it again. Lord, I believe in you. I'll always believe in you. Though I can't see my eyes, deep in my heart, your presence I find. Lord, I believe in you. I put my trust in you, man. Let the whole world say what they make. No one can take this joy away. Lord, I believe in you. Amen. As we close, we just um let's sing uh I claim the blood. Ask uh Bushel to pray eventually. I have I have the source of strength when I am weak. that takes me through when life is pressing me. Thank you, Lord. I have a source of power from above. I'm covered over by a shield of blood. Thank you, Lord. And I claim the blood Jesus shed on Calary. Those preious blood stains were made there just for [Music] me. For all my sin, my sickness, and my pain. When I need healing, I claim those preious blood stains. I do not know how others make it through the Thank you [Music] Lord Calary as I do. Thank you Lord for a declaring stream which flows. glory with peace that [Music] only is redeemed can know. And I claim the blood Jesus shed on Calary. Those preious blood stains were made there just for [Music] me. For all my sins, my sickness and my pain. Thank you, Lord. When I need healing, I claim those preious blood days. The voice comes and I claim the blood that Jesus shed on Calary. Thank you, Lord. Those preious blood stains were made there just for me. for all my sins. Thank you, Lord. In my pain. When I need healing, I claim those preious blood stains. Dear heavenly father, Lord, thank you for today's service. Lord, thank you for one more chance, Lord, to come and hear your word, Lord. But we pray to you, Lord, to please forgive us of our shortcomings, Lord. [Music] Please forgive us Lord where we make ourselves greater Lord. We need your grace Lord. We need your help to overcome [Music] Lord. But we need your help Lord. We pray to you for the sick Lord. We pray to you for who are here Lord and who are not here Lord. Please be with each and everyone Lord where they are Lord. Please meet each and each one of us Lord according to our needs. Lord, there are many needs amongst us, Lord. Oh, we pray to you for Sister Loris Snor. Lord, please be with her, Lord, as she continues her fight, Lord. She is an unfolding testimony, Lord. And we praise you, Lord, for all the victories you have given her, Lord. Lord, help us, Lord, as we go from here, Lord. Please be with us Lord. Protect us Lord from any unwanted influences. Lord help us Lord to focus on your word. Lord help us to come back with a greater desire. Lord with a greater thirst. Lord we pray to you Lord to please be with each and every one of us. Lord as we go from here Lord help us to reflect on your words. Lord help us to meditate on your words. Lord, help us to think of your grace. Lord, of your kindness, Lord, of your overcoming power. Lord, you are the overcomer, Lord. We welcome you, Lord. We welcome you in our midst, Lord. We praise you, Lord. We love you. We thank you, Lord. Please be with each and every one of us, Lord, in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music]
