################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-29 - 20250528 - The Token Life Pt 55 - No Room For Fear Pt 6 - Bro. Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-29
Title:    20250528 - The Token Life Pt 55 - No Room For Fear Pt 6 - Bro. Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 31m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3h0Yn5b-DL0
========================================

Description:
Scriptures & Quotes:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1dBLwhiNGwxYXSuXaMB7cbE_Qk_mE-KRL/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Oh, hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, hey. [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. Heat. Heat. [Music] and purify my heart. Let's stand. Let me be as gold and preious silver purify my heart. Let me be as gold, pure gold, reinous fire. My heart's one desire is to be holy. set apart for you, Lord. I choose to be holy, set aart for you, my master, ready to do your will, my purify my heart, cleanse me from within. and make me holy, purify my heart. Cleanse me from my sin and deep within reest. My heart's one desire is to [Music] be holy. Set upon for you, Lord. I choose to [Music] be holy. Set aart for you, my master, ready to do your [Music] will. My heart. cleanse me from within and make me holy, purify my heart and cleanse me from my sin. deep within my [Music] def one desire is to be holy set aart for you Lord. Lord, I choose to be holy, set aart for you, my master, ready to do your will. Purify my heart. Let me be as gold and preious silver purify my heart. Let me be as gold man, pure gold, refine as fire. My heart's one desire is to be holy. set aarton for you. Lord, I choose to [Music] be holy. Set upon for you, my master, ready to do your will. [Music] Amen. Let's sing 1179, How Deep the Father's Love. And uh Brother Chad eventually here have you come up and pray. How deep the Father's love for us. How vast beyond all measure that he should give his only son to make a wretchy's treasure. How great the pain of searing loss. The father turns his face away as wounds which the chosen one bring many sons to glory man. Behold the man upon a cross. I sin upon his shoulders. Shamed I hear my mocking voice call out among the scoffers. It was my sin that held him there. [Music] I dearly was accomplished. His dying breath has brought me life. I know my glory is finished. I will not boast [Music] in. No gifts, no power, no [Music] wisdom. But I will boast in Jesus Christ and his death and resurrection. Why should I gain from his [Music] reward? I cannot give an answer. But this I know with all my heart. His wounds have paid my ransom. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Behold the man upon a cross, my sin upon his shoulders. Ashamed I hear my mocking voice call out among the scoffers. It was my sin that held him there. I dearly was accomplished. His dying breath has brought me life. I know that it is fair. I will not boast in nor gifts, no power, no wisdom. But I will boast in Jesus Christ, his death and resurrection. Why should I gain from his reward? I cannot keep an answer. But this I know that all my heart, his wounds have paid my wrath. Why should I gain? Oh, why should I gain from his reward? I cannot keep an answer. But this I know with all my heart. His wounds have paid my ransom. Amen. Just real quick, the prayer requests. is uh continuing to remember brother Dale in prayer. Brother Bobby Figueroa, he's home now and uh doing better. Thank the Lord still uh on the mend. Um brother Chad is here tonight. We thought you were in central brother, but you're it's good to have you here in the family. Um Sister Lorie Snow, continue to keep her in prayer. Brother Gourd Snow, Sister Cordella, Brother Nelson Guy, any other needs on your heart, just uh just hold them on your heart as we pray. Let's sing that uh last verse again. And brother Chad, if you want to open up prayer. I will not boast in nor gifts, nor power, nor wisdom. But I will boast in Jesus Christ, his death and resurrection. Why should I gain from his reward? I cannot keep an answer, but this I know with all my heart. His wounds have paid my ransom. [Music] Thank you Lord Jesus. What could we boast in Lord other than your precious and mighty name Lord? When all others forsake, you said you will never leave us nor depart us. No matter our trials, our ups or downs, you have always been there. You sealed us, Lord, and that is what we will boast in. Thank you, Father God, for what you have done, what you continue to do, what you're doing in this church, Lord. What you're doing in our souls, what you're doing through our pastor, Lord. And we pray, Father God, that we hear every idle word that you speak, Lord, because you said there would be a little church. Why not us, Lord? Help us, Father God, to move into position to focus, Father God, and stay in line. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Lord. So, as we're about to begin another wonderful service in your presence, Lord, we want to take the time and invite you to come. Anything God stresses of the week, anything that might be going on in our lives, Lord, we lay it together as one, Lord, before your feet, pray that you squash it, Father God, that we may enjoy what you're about to speak, Lord. We pray for Brother John, Lord. pray that you anoint them, anoint our ears to hear, Lord, we put all these people on the prayer list, Lord. We we lay them before you, Lord, and continuously pray. And just ask, Father God, that they may know that it is you that touched them. In Jesus Christ's holy name we pray. [Music] Amen. Sing number 14. Jesus set me free. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Singing glory hallelujah. Jesus set me free. I'm so glad that Jesus lifted me, man. Oh, I'm so glad that Jesus lifted me. I'm so glad Jesus lifted me. Singing glory, hallelujah. Jesus set me free. I'm on my way to heaven, shouting victory, man. Oh, on my way to heaven, shouting victory. I'm my way to heaven. Shouting victory. Singing glory, hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Oh, Satan had me bound, but Jesus set me free. Satan had me bound, but Jesus set me free. Satan had me bound, but Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Oh, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Singing glory hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Oh, Satan had me bound. But Jesus set me free. Thank you, Lord. Jesus had me bound, but Jesus set me free. Hallelujah. Satan had me bound, but Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah. Oh, Jesus set me free. And I'm so glad Jesus lifted me. Thank you, Lord. Glory that Jesus lifted me. And I'm so glad Jesus lifted me. Singing glory, hallelujah. Jesus set me free. One more time. Oh, I'm so glad. Jesus set me free. Thank you, Lord. I'm so glad Jesus set me free. I'm so glad Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah, Jesus set me free. Amen. Amen. Let's sing number 447. Wonderful peace. Far away in the depths of my spirit. Tonight rolls a meloy sweeter than song. Honey in celestial like strange once ceasingly falls. Oh my soul like an infinite calm. Thank you Lord. Peace. Peace. Hallelujah. Wonderful for peace coming down from the father above. Thank you, Lord. Sweep over my spirit forever I pray in him fathomless belongs of love. Hallelujah. Oh, what a treasure I have in this wonderful peace. Very deep in the heart of my soul. It's all secure that no power can mine it away while the years of [Music] eternity roll. Thank you Lord. It's a peace. Peace. Wonderful peace coming down from the father above. sweep over my spirit forever. I pray [Laughter] inless of love. I am resting tonight in this [Music] wonderful peace. Resting sweetly in Jesus control. Amen. For I'm kept from all danger by night and by day and his glorious flood in my soul. Thank you Lord. It's a peace piece wonderful peace and coming down from the father above. Sweep over my spirit forever. I pray in faithless below of love. and me thinks when I rise to that city of peace where the author of peace I shall see that one strain of the song which the ransom will sing in that heavenly kingom shall be. Amen. And it's a peace peace one peace coming down from the father above. Sweep over my spirit forever. I pray in fathomless below of lovers too. And what a treasure I have in this wonderful peace buried deep in the heart of my soul. is so secure that no power can mine it away. By the years of [Music] eternity [Music] ro peace, wonderful peace coming down from the father above. Sweep over my spirit forever I pray in faomless pillows of love. Thank you Lord. Let's sing number 767 Isaiah 61. beauty for ashes. He gave me beauty for ashes, the oil of joyful morning, the garment of praise. Oh, the spirit of heaveness that we might be trees of rightousness the planting of the Lord that he might. Amen. Lord, grant it. Lord, he gave [Music] me ashes, the oil of joy for morning, the garment of praise. Oh, the spirit of heaven that we might be trees of rightousness, the planting of the Lord that he might be [Music] glory. He gave me beauty for ashes, the oil of joy for morning, the garment of praise, for the spirit of heaven that we might be trees of rightuousness. the planting of the Lord that he my glory. One more time. Thank you Lord. Your beauty for ashes, the oil of joyful morning. the garment of praise. Oh, the spirit of heavenness that we might be trees of righteousness, the planting of the Lord that he might be glory [Music] Let's sing 284. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's stand. Blessed Jesus. Blessed Jesus. Amen. Blessed be your name. Blessed [Music] Jesus. Blessed Jesus. Blessed Jesus. Blessed Jesus. Glory to your name. Oh, blessed [Music] [Applause] Jesus. Blessed. How I love him. Oh, how I love him. How I love him. How I love him. How I love him. Amen. We love you, Lord. Oh, how I love him. How I love him. How I love him. How I love him. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. God bless you. Oh, thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Oh, thank you Jesus. [Music] Oh, thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Lord, we are so thankful this evening to be in your presence. Lord, we're thankful that you're a good God. Lord, we're thankful that you're our God. Lord, that you've chosen us, that you've ordained us, that you've elected us in you, Lord. And we're standing here, Lord, again by your grace this evening, Lord. We just want to give you all the glory, the honor, and the praise this evening, Lord, for all that you've done, Lord. We want to give you praise and worship for what you're doing, Lord. And we want to thank you for that which we cannot see, but we believe that you're still doing it, heavenly father. So Lord, we want to give this service to you now, Lord. May you just speak to your people, Lord. Encourage us along the way. Draw us closer to you, Lord. Take away those things of the world that cling to us day by day. Wash us by your word, Lord. We pray and renew us by your spirit. We ask, Lord God, we ask you to just be with us now. In Jesus Christ's name we pray it. Amen. Amen. And God bless you. Amen. Need to go back to the scripture there if we can. There we go. Amen. Turn if you would to second Timothy chapter 1. 2 Timothy chapter 1 and verse 7. Amen. Good to see everyone here this evening. Good to see brother Chad. I told brother Joe put him on the prayer list. He's in central and then I heard him out here. So I guess he's not in central. Either that or he's pulling a Phillip. He's he's doing an instantaneous transfer from there to here. Amen. But it's good good to have him here. Good to have everyone here that can make it. Amen. Sure. Appreciate the effort. Amen. Good news. Uh, Brother Grant called me yesterday and said that they have the keys to their home. So, we praise the Lord for that. For giving them their first house here in Canada. So, praise the Lord for that. I wanted to thank the church for all the work and support that went into the meetings this week. Of course, by your attendance, but also the hard work for helping out for the fellowship, the breakfast, the the fellowship on Sunday. uh people that helped me with giving rides to brother Jonathan Martin. Uh the meals that were given even to our family to help out and things like that. So certainly appreciate that. He had a wonderful time. Had nothing but good things to say about the congregation, the worship, the pull on the word, the services. So we're thankful for that. Amen. God bless you each one. Want to wish sister Moren also a happy birthday. Amen. She had her birthday this week. I won't give her age, but uh we thank the Lord that he's brought her through another year and trusting he'll bless her in the coming year as well. Amen. God bless you. 2 Timothy 1:7 says this. We've been reading this a lot and we're going to continue to dig into it. Amen. For God had not given us the spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a sound mind. Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats this evening. I want to continue our thought on on uh on the the the life of the Holy Spirit in us. And we're continuing this thought on no room for fear. And I certainly felt like I could just pick up right where brother Jonathan Martin left off this past weekend with some of the things we'll be speaking on. Amen. And he said some things that just kind of provided a nice stepping off point. But I've always said the hardest service to preach is the one after special services because the special speaker is gone and now it's just the pastor. Used to be I was the special speaker, now I'm just the pastor. Amen. But I believe that uh we want to always continue in that atmosphere. And sometimes we want to continue in that preaching style and those different things. But I was telling brother Jonathan how much I appreciated his preaching because he didn't just get up here and try and rah rah. It was scripture after scripture. It was quote after quote, laying the word in, laying the word in. And that's what I look for in a preacher. Amen. Because we've got to have a foundation for our experience. Amen. We've got to have a foundation for our lives. Amen. We've got to have a foundation for our decisions, a foundation for our faith. And Paul said, "I can lay no foundation than that which is laid, which is Christ Jesus." Amen. The cornerstone. And I believe that's what we got this this this last weekend. Amen. The feeling won't keep you. The emotion won't keep you. The chills and goosebumps won't feel you keep you. The tears won't keep you. Amen. It is the spirit of God inside you pointing you back to it is written that will keep you no matter what changes. Amen. Because things will change. Life will come at us. Circumstances come at us. Amen. But it's the it is written. It is the word, the engrafted word inside of us. That's what holds us when everything else falls away. Amen. So, we're trusting in those things. Amen. But I want to take a bit of a step back this evening and we're talking about no room for fear. And whenever we talk about fear, we have to talk about faith because they are they are two opposing forces in this world. And one of them comes from one source and the other comes from another source. Amen. And so they have two very different sources and they have two very different effects. And so I want to take us back to where fear came from. Because if we know where fear came from, we know where it ought to go. If we know who it's from, then that means we need to know whether we need to listen to it or or or or go with it or whether we can push it back. And we go into the scriptures, we go into Genesis. Genesis is the C chap is a C book. You can find everything there is to find in Genesis. The attitudes, the the the ideas, the doctrines, the thoughts, it's all there. whether it's of God or whether it's of Satan, you we we find it all inside of Genesis. And this is speaking now of Adam and Eve. And it says, "And they heard the voice of the Lord God walking in the garden in the cool of the day. And Adam and his wife did something they had never done before. They hid themselves from the presence of the Lord God amongst the trees of the garden. And the Lord God called unto Adam, and he said unto him, "Where art thou?" And he said, "I heard thy voice in the garden and I was afraid because I was naked and I hid myself." Now to most of us that seems completely normal. But you have to understand something that Adam had always been in that condition and he'd never hidden himself before. So something has changed with Adam. And we see here that fear is mentioned for the first time in the scripture and we see some attributes that we can assign to fear as we go through this. And the first thing that fear does is that fear pulls you away from God. Fear does not drive you to God. Fear pulls you away from the presence of God. The first time that fear was felt, it caused Adam and Eve to hide themselves from God, to actively give themselves away from his presence. It pulled them away. Amen. In other words, fear takes you away from family, from relationship, from position, from authority. It takes you away from everything of God and it takes you really into self. Amen. Amen. And and remember we read in Romans 8, we've read this a number of times. It says, "For you have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear, but you've received the spirit of adoption whereby whereby we cry aba father." In other words, the spirit of God inside of you will cause you to go towards your father, towards God, towards the word, not pull you away from it. Amen. That Holy Spirit is the very life of God. And it pulls you back to him. And therefore, we have to conclude something that might seem obvious, but we've got to say it. Fear is not from God. I want to say that again. Fear is not from God. The very time we see fear, it did not come from God. It did not pull them to God. Amen. Now, there is a fear of God and that is based on reverent fear and respect. It's reverent respect for God. It is not fear that takes you out of his presence. It's it's a fear. It's a respect that draws you into his presence and causes you to obey what he says to do. If we look in Proverbs, it says the fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom. And the knowledge of the holy is is understanding. In other words, the respect of God, the re the reverent awe of God brings you into proper understanding and wisdom. It'll guide you right. Amen. But it will not keep you from him, but rather it'll draw you to him. Amen. But when we look at the fear that showed up in Genesis 3, it was not fear that drew them to God. It was not fear that caused them to have the wisdom of God, but rather it brought them shame and it brought them embarrassment and that pushed them away from the presence of God. Why? Because they had disobeyed. Amen. Okay. If we look at what they said in ver in Genesis 3, it said, "And he heard thy voice in the garden and I was afraid because I was naked and I hid myself." But if we go literally the last verse of the last chapter before it says, "And they were both naked." And the man and his wife and they were not ashamed. So what happened, church? Did their condition change? Nothing changed about their condition. They were naked before, they're naked after. So, their condition hasn't changed, but what's happened is they've heard a lie from Satan. They've accepted it. And when they acted on that lie, it changed what they thought about themselves. And what they thought about themselves was a lie compared to what God had told them. And it kept them now out of the presence of God. Amen. They've listened to somebody besides God. And it has changed their opinion about themselves. It has changed their awareness about themselves. What was it? The word had protected them from shame because they were living by the word which meant they had nothing to be ashamed about. They were made in the image of God. They were made in the glory of God and there was nothing to be ashamed about. But when Eve listened to Satan, now she had something to be ashamed about because she got a revelation. But it wasn't a revelation of the purity of the word. It was a revelation of her own brokenness and her own failings because she tried to do something on her own. and it took her out of the presence of God. Listen to this. He says, this is a quote. He says, "Don't fear. Fear is of the devil." He says, "Everything Jesus would say, fear not. Fear not." Constantly fear not. Fear not. Is that right? Right. He says it's always fear not. He says, "Now God doesn't want you to fear. He wants you to believe." What brought fear? Unbelief. Unbelief. Amen. Action. And what did that unbelief do? It brought them into action that was contrary to the word. And what happened? It started in here and it came out here. I love what brother Jonathan Martin said this weekend. He said, "Your influence will tell on you." And what happened is her influence started to tell on Eve because what? She started to act on what the influence told her and it revealed itself. And what did it reveal itself through? Shame and fear. separation from the presence of God. Voluntary separation from the presence of God to make it even worse. Amen. So if you're scared, if you're fearful, if you're worried, if you're anxious, that is not of God. Jesus said, "Be anxious for nothing." Nothing. We're going to talk about some absolutes this evening. Jesus said, "Be anxious for nothing." Don't worry about a single thing. Nothing. Amen. Why? Because the source of fear is unbelief that comes by accepting a lie from Satan. Amen. The source of fear is accepting a lie from Satan. I want you, if you get nothing else tonight, get that. That fear is accepting a lie from Satan. And when you accept that, then fear can follow in behind it. Because fear comes from what? Listening to that wrong influence, from that wrong idea, that wrong person. And it takes you away from the full and true word of God. Remember, Satan's lie was mostly true except he added one word. He was repeating the word, but he added that one thing in and he turned a positive into a negative. That's it. He just flipped it. But he was quoting almost the entire word. Amen. So if the if fear comes by listening to a lie from Satan, then what is the antidote to fear? Listen to the truth from God. Just go opposite with it. What's the opposite of Satan? What's it's God? What's the opposite of a lie? Truth. So, if you'll listen to the truth from the right influence, it'll take fear out of your life. But the thing is, you've got to conquer the unbelief by faith. That's the only way that this is going to work. And we'll we'll get into that this this evening. Amen. By God's grace. Amen. So, notice now the spirit of fear pointed to their condition. The spirit of fear pointed to their nakedness. And we know that the original sin was. And so we know that their nakedness was tied to sin now and it caused him to be shamed. So if that's what Satan does and he points to your condition and he points to your failure, what will the spirit of God do? He can't point to us cuz we're not going to make it. Our strength is not enough. Our failures are going to get in our way. So it's got to point to something else. And that's what we read in our opening scripture where he said, "For God has not given us a spirit of fear." Let me say this. The spirit of fear is that which which looks to it to yourself. Your fear comes when you can't do it. That's where it comes from. And that's why we start to worry is because things are taken beyond our power, beyond our control, that are taken beyond our ability to manage the situation. It's beyond us. And so we start to fear. He says God has not given us that spirit, but he's given us a different spirit. He says it's a spirit of power, a spirit of love, and a spirit of a sound mind. Now, let me ask you something tonight. Which of us we could say is an example of a spirit of power? Who's the strongest in the room? Brother Kingsley, maybe. Would we point to him and say, "He's got a spirit of power. He's the strongest of all of us. biggest muscles. But would we say that what he has is enough to conquer any situation? I'm afraid not, brother Kings, that you'd be weighed in the balance and found wanting just like the rest of us. Amen. What about as an example of love? We've got some tremendous Christians here. But how many of us would put our hand up and say, "I'll be an example of the spirit of love. In everything, the hands would come down and it would start with the oldest and it' go all the way to the youngest because we know that even if we've never acted in certain ways, we've still thought it. We still had the attitude. We've still had a a conversation with our spouse that nobody else heard about that person. We've still gone before God and we've grumbled and complained. We've still reacted badly. Nobody else may know it, but we know it. And so, the hands come down. What about of a sound mind? Listen, I've got a pretty good sound mind. Would I throw my hat in the ring? Sound mind speaks to moderation, self-control? I'm known for that. But would I say I have the power of self-control? No. I remember one time I came home. I'd just been at the gym. Nobody was home. My wife had not prepared supper the way she usually did. I was hungry. You know what I did? I ate six Oreos. Where was my self-control that day? Gone in the face of my need. So, none of us can stand here as an example of power and love and a sound mind. But yet, Paul says, I'm going to point you to a spirit of power, of love and a sound mind. What's he saying? He's saying, don't look at your condition. You got to look at something beyond your condition. This is not about my strength. It's not about your power. It's not about our love one for another. It's got to be something that's beyond us. That's what the spirit of God does. Satan points to our condition when it suits him. You'll notice Satan will tell you, "You're more than enough." When he wants you to fail, and then he'll tell you when you're going up against him, you're never enough. When he wants to get you out of position, he says, "You can do this on your own." And he wants to keep his position, he says, "You're not enough for me." Satan flip-flops. He can't make up his mind whether we're conquerors or losers. And the thing is, if we listen closely, we'll find him going that way back and forth. Because the minute you stand on the word, you're a loser. But the minute you do what he wants, then you're a winner. He's trying to get us off by looking at ourselves all the time. Amen. Paul's not pointing to our condition. Paul's pointing to somebody else. Paul's pointing to something else. And it's something that has power. It's something that has love. It's something that has a sound mind. Amen. That's why Paul says we need to receive the spirit of God is because in ourselves we're not going to win it. We're not going to do it. We can't do it. Listen, we've had some wonderful services over this weekend, but it's not going to be me that gets me through. It's not going to be you that gets us through. We've got to receive a spirit that takes us out of fear and brings us into faith. Amen. And that's what the spirit of God is here to do. He's there to take me from where I am to where he is. To where I am and what his word says. That's what the spirit of God is there to do. He's there to close the gap so that we can come out of our humanity and we can step into deity. That's what he's here to do. Amen. He's trying to take us to what he wants us to be. Paul says it so beautifully. He says, "We have this treasure." Now, the word there is actually treasury. We have this treasury. It means a storehouse where good and precious and valuable things are stored. So, in other words, the value of a treasury is not the treasury. It's what's in the treasury. Okay. So, we have this treasury in earthn vessels, in clay vessels, in pottery. No metals in this scripture. Sorry, I didn't move this forward. I think, give me a second. There we go. Yeah, we have this treasure in earth and vessels, clay vessels. If any of you have ever dropped a clay pot, what happens when you drop it? Even if it's on on carpet, you might get lucky. Really thick carpet. But if it drops on anything other than a well- padded surface, it shatters every time. There's no resilience in clay. It breaks on impact. Now, you make something out of metal, you drop it, it might ding, it might dent, it might bend a bit, but it doesn't break easy. But clay, clay breaks. If you put clay in a sudden change of temperature, it breaks. Paul's speaking here of the fragility of us. We're earthn vessels. We're clay. We're pottery vessels. They're not known for strength. They're not known for their resilience. Amen. He says we have this treasury in earthn vessels. Amen. He says, why? That the excellency of the power may be of God and not of us. When he speaks of excellency, it means the beyond measure, the exceeding, the abundant. In other words, it's far more than we could ever be in ourselves because we are just earththing vessels. He's saying you're built in a way so that when our life turns out good, we can't take the credit cuz we know that if it were left up to us, we'd break and shatter at the smallest of events. Okay? So all of this, we're just a treasury and we're good because of what has been placed in us, not because of who we are in and of ourselves. Amen. But you'll never see God pointing at us as the limitation. That's the beauty of this. He's saying, listen, you are nothing to be talking about. You're weak. You're frail. Praise the Lord. He says, "That's so that you know that when it all works out for your good, it's because I was in you, not because you were in you." Amen. That's what he's trying to do. He's trying to get us back to trusting him fully. Amen. But you'll never see God limiting us based on our limitations. It's never based on our failures and flaws. That doesn't stop him. that doesn't slow him down and that doesn't remove us from consideration. It never enters into God's mind to look at our condition as some sort of prerequisite for him to use us. Quite the contrary, in fact. Amen. We are chosen in our weakness. You look at when God came to Gideon and he calls Gideon now a mighty man of valor. Gideon is a coward hiding and he's he's threshing grain in a wine press and he's doing that because it wasn't the season of grapes so nobody would look in the wine presses for him to do for for anything that would be good. So he's hiding out from the from the Midionites threshing his grain there. God comes up and says, "Oh Gideon, thou mighty man of valor." And Gileian Gideon says, "Listen, my tribe is the least of the tribes. My family is the least of the families and I'm the least person of all the persons in my family. And God says, "Perfect. That's just what I'm looking for." Not only looking for, cuz this is not a volunteer position. I've chosen you, Gideon. I've chosen you. That's the way that God works in these things. Amen. Listen to this. He says, "Here is something to console us." You want some consolation this evening? Here it is. Here is something that encourages. Out of weakness and humility, God chooses the people to build his kingdom out of. We ought to say amen to that. Hallelujah. Out of what? Weakness and humility. He says if we ever get to heaven, if we ever stand in the presence of God with his church, we'll stand as a bunch of people that have been weak and rejected and cast out by the world and know what nothings. He says, "Isn't it strange that God likened us to sheep? A sheep is the most helpless thing there is. You know, the scripture says all we like sheep have gone astray. We've all left the shepherd. We've all gone out on our own. He says there's nothing so insufficient of defense than the sheep. A rabbit can run. A squirrel can get in a tree. A dog can bite. A lion can tear. A horse can kick. A bird can fly. But a sheep stands helpless. You know, this struck me just now. You know, the only thing that can protect a sheep, lots and lots and lots of wool. Have you ever seen they they this has happened a number of times now where a sheep got away and it went out in the wild and it survived long enough that the wool that it that it grew completely enveloped its body. You you couldn't really see anything except two four hooves on the bottom and a little bit of a mouth and nose coming out the front. You couldn't even see the eyes. All of the wool had surrounded it and hardened up to where nothing could kill that sheep. The only protection you'd have is the fruit of the spirit being so big nothing can get to you. That's the only thing they've got is to be a sheep. Be be a maximum sheep. Be the the greatest wool producing sheep that there is. And when they shaved it, I think there was something like 70 pounds of wool on a 50 lb sheep. That's all it was was just wool. And how happy he was when he finally got rid of that. cold but happy. He says, "And that's the way God wants us. Realize that we are totally insufficient." Then God takes that person, the insufficient ones, the ones that need grace, and he begins to mold himself into that person. He says, "And make his hands do what God would have his hands to do. to make his lips speak what God's lips would speak because they're not his. They're God's. He begins to build a character, begins to take this weakness and to make his own self. That's why God wants weak people because strong people fight the process. Strong people think they don't need the process. Strong people try and keep themselves as part of the process. And he's saying here, no, God wants you completely insufficient. So you say, "I'll take anything you give me cuz it's better than what I'm bringing to the table." And the hard thing is sometimes we got to be knocked off our high horse to get there. Paul certainly was. Moses certainly was. I've been listening to the message Paul a prisoner. And he talks about Moses thought he could do it on his own. He said, "And God had to take him out on the backside of the desert and beat out every bit of the idea that he had something to offer. Church, if there's one thing we've got to get rid of, it's the farce of human ability. As a Christian, you're not a Christian, have at it. But as a Christian, our human ability will get us nowhere in the kingdom of God. Amen. It is a total and complete farce. And that's why there's got to be a dying out. I love what Brother Jonathan said this past weekend. He says, "The spirit of revival is a daily dying out." I thought that was absolutely tremendous. Lord, keep me out of it so you can be the one that's in it. What a beautiful thought we had. Amen. So, what does God do then? He begins to build a character, begins to take this weakness and to make his own self in it. Amen. The first thing God has to do with do is deal with our fear. That's the first thing he has to do. And you think about it, we can take it back to the scripture because what does he do to deal with our fear? He gives us the antidote. Faith. It's the first thing he does. Remember what Paul said. He says, "For by grace are ye saved through faith." He says, "And that is not of yourself. It is the gift of God." Amen. We're born under a spirit of bondage, a spirit of fear. Paul made it very clear. The very anointing that was on Christ was to take us out from what fear had brought us into. Absolutely 100%. The thing is, babies are born fearless. Did you notice that? They don't have any fear when they're born. Yes, they're screaming and they're crying, but it's not a fear. It's a change. But babies aren't scared of lions and tigers and gunshots and falling off the bed. They're not scared of where their next meal's coming from. They have no worries. They're in the moment. But the older they get, we teach them to fear because what? Fear keeps them alive. That's what it does. Scientists will say it's an evolutionary thing. fear. It keeps us alive. Amen. But we're not here to learn fear. We're here to unlearn fear. We're here to learn faith. Amen. So that it because it's only by having faith that we can step into what God has for us. Amen. God defeats fear by faith. And that faith, the scripture says, is a gift from God to us. It's a it's a love gift to us, if I can put it that way. Abraham says there are only two faculties that govern a human. One of them is faith, which brings results. He says, "And the other is fear which has no value in it at all." I was talking to a man this week that had gone through something. He said, "Brother," he said, "John," he says, "You know, I just I don't think the result is going to be what I thought it should be." And I said, "Why are you saying that? Why are you saying that the result of this is going to be bad?" He says, "Well, I don't feel that I did it as well as I could have." I said, "Don't borrow that." I said to every stage that you've come through, you've been successful. Why would you start thinking you're not going to be successful? What do you gain by being in that attitude? He's going to have to wait till August to find out if he's if he's passed his test or not. And from now till August, he says, I'm just trying to get myself up from my failure. I said, you don't even know if you're failed and you're wallowing in your failure already. Don't do that. I said, you'll be miserable till August. focus on what you've gotten so far and trust that you'll get the same result now. And I said, I've gone through these things before, you know, professional tests and these things. I said, many times I didn't think I did so well and I made it through every time. Sometimes way better than I thought I did. Sometimes way better than I deserve to. So I said, don't don't look at things that way. It doesn't bring any results to sit there in fear, worry or anxiety. It's not of God. He says faith of is of God. Fear is of the devil. Fear makes you weary. Fear makes you wonder. If you're weary this evening, consider it might not be of God. If you're wondering, it might not be of God. He says, "And if I was going to die in the morning, what good would it do me to get all stowed up about it? What if I was going to be electrocuted in the morning and my life had to end tomorrow morning? What good would it do me to worry about it? Absolutely nothing." He says, "Well, you're saved. What good would it have do to have faith?" It's a good question. He says, "Faith can sign my pardon." Now, what's he talking about? Remember what they they determined in in the Civil War was a young man that had failed in his soldierly duty. And so, they they they they put him up and they charged him. They found him guilty and he was going to die. They were going to shoot him. And his mother went and pleaded to Abraham Lincoln. And Abraham Lincoln said, "Okay, I'll pardon him." and he sent the pardon and the young man refused it because he thought they were they were playing a cruel joke on him and he refused the pardon and therefore they took him out and they shot him and it went to court and the court ruled that a pardon is not a pardon unless it's received as a pardon. You've got to accept it. The fact that it exists does not mean that you don't that that you're pardoned. You have to accept it. Brother's saying here he says faith will sign the pardon. It'll take what God's given me. Amen. He says, "Sure, there's value in faith." And he says, "What? Don't be weary. Don't be scared." That's the value of faith. You don't have to get caught up now in the emotions. He says, "Don't be upset. Just have faith and believe." And he says, "And the only way you can have faith, you have to have love first. For love produces faith and perfect love casts out all fear." We read in the last service where we that scripture where it says we love him because he first loved us and because he loved us because we are his children. He's called us and he's given us his spirit and he's gotten us to believe his word and take it into our hearts. Amen. And that all happens at the new birth when what? When when we take God at his word by faith that he gave us in the first place and we start to walk according to the word. And that faith as I said earlier it's a love gift from God to draw us back to him. You can't move unless he calls you first. And that comes from a faith that he gives you himself. The Bram says this. He says when you are saved, God gives you faith to rise from the muck of the earth. Your faith overcomes the things of the world. See, he calls it your faith. But where did it come from? God. He says, what is your faith? Your faith in that act that God has done in you to make you a son of God. You quit your line. You quit your stealing. You quit your drinking. Why? Because your faith raises you above it. He says, "Amen. If you don't do it, you don't have any faith." Because he said, "By faith are you saved and that through grace." Now, catch this. He says, "As much as your faith will be released, that's how much power you can have." Wow. That's why I said it's not your faith. It's his faith. It's the faith of God. It's not your faith. You claim it as yours because he gave it to you. But it comes from him. It's of him. I It is him in and of itself. Amen. He says, "Because in you dwells the power to make heavens and earth." Church, I want more of that kind of faith. How are we going to get it? How are we going to get more faith? How did we get faith in the first place, church? Faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word of God. Faith comes by the word of God. You want more faith? Get into the word of God. Listen to it, read it, hear it, watch it, dwell on it, sing it. Some way get into the word. It's the only way that you're going to keep moving forward. It's the only way it'll happen. Amen. He says, "God dwells in you, and you are sons and daughters of God." Amen. There you are. But it's your faith. And Jesus said, "According to your faith, be it unto you. If thou canst believe, all things are possible. Verily I say unto you, if you say unto this mountain, be moved and don't doubt, but believe that what you have said, what? You'll have it. He says, then what kind of people ought we to be? Having faith in this great redeeming Christ that lives in us, this smitten rock that never leaves the church. Why do we worry? Why are we anxious? Why are we fearful? Because we've forgotten the rock that never leaves the church. He says, "I am with you always, even to the end of the world. The everpresence of the great gusher of salvation and power that poured forth from Calvary into the church, the ever presence of the living God, the great flowing smitten rock that goes with us in our journey." Amen. That faith to receive the word of God is a gift from him itself. And it's the starting point of redemption. Amen. Overcoming starts with faith. Salvation starts with faith. Your healing starts with faith. Your trust and your rest starts with faith. It all comes back to faith. And it is a faith that is personal to you. It is not mama's faith. It's not daddy's faith that might have helped get you to where you are. But to walk forward, you've got to have your own faith. You've got to know that you've had something. You've you've received something. You've experienced something. And it's got to be anchored in your soul. Amen. Because what? It's got to make you see and accept things that nobody else will. It's got to make you live the way nobody else will. It's got to be a personal thing. Amen. And everyone else that can't see it. Why? Because they're under a spirit of bondage again to fear. And they can't operate in a faith realm. Why? Cuz they're under a fear realm. Watch how this works. Now, we're preaching on no room for fear. And that means if there's no fear, then something else has to be in that room of our life. There has to be something else to fill it. Fill it. Fill it. Amen. And we'll see by the prophet that he ties it back to scripture that perfect love casts out fear. How? By producing faith. And we won't cover all this tonight. It'll take at least another service. But we'll start the thought tonight. Amen. Remember what I want to take us back now. I want to take us to real world example. And we go back to Exodus 23 where God is giving the promise again of the promised land to the children of Israel. And he says, "Behold, I send an angel before thee to keep thee in the way and to bring thee into the place which I have prepare prepared." So, in other words, if you're following the pillar of fire, you're in the right place. Now, notice the pillar of fire did not lead them straight to the promised land. He took them out to a place where they could be trapped and then he destroyed their enemy. Then he took them through the water. Then he took them into the desert. He took them into hardship. He took them into drought, but he always brought them out. So if you're where the pillar of fire is, you're in the right place whether you think it's the right place or not. Where he is, there's where you're supposed to be. In other words, church, if you're following the word, have confidence in your position. Don't worry about the conditions that are around you. He says, "Beware of him and obey his voice. Provoke him not, for he will not pardon your transgressions, for my name is in him." He says, "But if thou will indeed obey his voice," church, what was his voice? Who was his voice? Moses. Moses said, "Mo, God said to Moses, Moses, you'll be a God to them, and Aaron will be your prophet." The voice of God was Moses. That's the position God had placed him in. And do all that I speak. Then will I be an enemy unto thine enemies, and an adversary unto thine adversaries. For mine angel shall go before thee, and bring thee into the Amorites, and the Hittites, and the Parizzites, and the Canaanites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites. Can we say amen there? We don't want to say amen, but la read the last bit. And I will cut them off, church. God never gave them this this beautiful picture of you're going to walk into a land that anybody would love to live in and it's going to be empty. God gave them a menu of what they were going to eat in there. And it was Jebusites and it was Amorites and it was parizzites and Canaanites and Hivites and a bunch of otherites. God never hid the truth. But he said, "I'll cut them off. They're there, but they're not going to be there for long. When you step in, they'll start to go out cuz I'm going to cut them off." Amen. He literally gives them the names of who they're going to defeat. He says, "And I will send my fear before thee and will destroy how many church?" "All the people to whom thou shalt come and I will make all thine enemies turn their backs unto thee." Marital tip: never use absolutes. You always, you never. God loves to use absolutes because he's the only thing that is an absolute. And I want you to see something here. He says we you will destroy. I will destroy all. That means no ifs, no ands, no buts, no exceptions. He says, I will destroy every single one that comes before you. Did God say only the short fat unarmed Amorites are the ones you're going to defeat? Cuz even the least of us can beat a short fat unarmed Amorite. He didn't say that. He didn't say, "Now, if you get into a battle and it's just the women and the children, you'll win." He didn't say that. God God made no no emergency clauses to get out of this promise. God didn't say, "Now listen, you're going in and you're the underdogs. You don't have enough soldiers to take the whole land. So, you're going to have to be okay with the occasional draw and you might even lose a few times." He never said any of that, church. He said, "I will destroy all." Why did he do it, church? because he didn't put the pressure of victory on the people. Too often we're sitting there saying, "How am I going to get the victory?" God never put the pressure of victory on them. He put it on himself. And he said, "I will send my fear before you, and I will destroy all that come before you." The pressure is not on me. The pressure is on God. He never comes into this. And he's never resting on our weapons. He's never resting on our health. He's never resting on our intellect, on our education. He's not resting on our church history. He's not resting on our family dynamics. He's not resting on our marriage. He's not resting on our strength or our good looks or anything of that. He says, "I will do it. You just got to go in." That's the only thing that he's requiring of them. He never said, "I'm relying on you to beat the enemy." He said, "I'm going to destroy them." That's it. Why do we fear? Because we think he's relying on us or we start to rely on us and all of a sudden things start to go sideways. Amen. He said, "I will overcome." Let me bring in what we read what Paul said. I'm going to do it so that you'll see that the excellency of power works in people that don't have weapons, don't have chariots, don't have horses, don't have formal training, don't have the numbers, don't have the siege weapons. And that way you'll know that it's me that's doing it and it's not you. That's the beauty of God. He never puts the pressure on us. But I'll tell you this, church, he gave us the same absolutes. See, we can look back there and say, "Well, that's for them." No, he gave us the same absolutes. I was reading this in devotions. Amen. I want you to catch the absolutes. I love when God gives me an absolute. Listen to this. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. And oh, how much? All that is within me, bless his holy name. God asks us to give everything we've got. Now, church, did he say, "Bless me if you have a good voice." Worship me if you're a great singer. Did he say worship me if you're a good person? Bless me if you've got a good name in the community. He didn't. He just said, "Give me what you've got. Give me everything you've got and bless me. Rest on my name. Rest on my holiness. Just give me what you've got. Give me everything you've got because I'll use it. He says, "Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and forget not all his benefits." In other words, don't pick and choose the benefits that are for you based on some random criteria you came up with because you're not worthy, because you're weak, because you're a woman, because you're a man, because you're married, because you're not married, because you're not a minister, because you are a minister. church, we can come up with all sorts of reasons why we don't get all of God's benefits. And I've heard people repeat it to my face. And I say, "Where is that coming from? That ain't that ain't of God." He said, "Remember all his benefits?" Amen. What? Who forgiveth all thine iniquities? Now we're getting down to some meat, aren't we? Listen, he didn't say, "I'll just forgive the little white lies." church. He forgives the prostitutes as much as he forgives the little white liars. Amen. God sets no qualifications to forgiveness for his children. I'll forgive everything you do. As his children, we have a price to pay. Forgiveness doesn't mean there aren't consequences, but it means he doesn't hold it against us. There's no mark against you in the book. Amen. Listen, he he he'll forgive everything. He'll forgive your pornography habit as much as he'll forgive your dismissive attitude. He'll forgive your missing church as much as that arrogance that you bring along sometimes. Amen. There is nothing he won't forgive his children, but he'll deal with it. He'll deal with it. Amen. And that's a blessing of God. He says, "Who forgives all thy iniquities." But look at this one. Who health healeth all w all all of thy diseases? Can I preach it? Not just colds, not just runny noses, not just aches, not just pains, chronic diseases, real issues, lifechanging issues. There was that man that was lame for 37 years. There's a man that was blind, I think, to 40. There's the woman with the issue of blood, 12 years, chronic conditions. Church, if he can conquer death, he can conquer your disease. He put no qualifications on it. He was wounded for our transgressions. He was bruised for our iniquities. Chastisement of our of his our peace was upon him. And by his stripes, we are healed. Period. He didn't put any limits on it. Why are we putting limits on it? Don't you love it when he says, "All your diseases, all your iniquities, remember all my benefits." Church, he's not trying to hide himself from us. He's not trying to hold us back. He's trying to get us to take it. Why? Cuz we often don't take it. We make up reasons for why we don't deserve it, why we shouldn't get it. And he's sitting there saying, "No, it's all for you, my children. You're my loved one. You're my bride. You're my family. It's for you. It's meant for you alone. Literally created for you. The attribute of God is there for you to take hold of. He says, "Who redeemth thy life from destruction? Who crowneth thee with loving kindness and tender mercies?" Romans 8 says, "What can separate us from the love of God?" And then it gives all these circumstances and and all these events and all these harsh things. And then it says, "Nay, in all things we are more than conquerors through him that loved us." It's his loving kindness that brings us back to him. Amen. But that redemption is a process of time. And that's what hurts us so many times. It's the gap between the promise and the reality. Creatures of time. He says, "But what is it that crowns us? Our goodness, our graciousness, our skills, our gifts?" No, it's his tender mercies and his loving kindness. Amen. His banner over me is love. That's what we have at the end of all this. He says, "Who satisfaith thy mouth with good things?" You ever have somebody say, "Try this." And they put something in and it wasn't a good thing. That ain't God. It's good things. It's good things. Why? So that thy youth is renewed like the eagles. He says, "Like as a father pityth his children, so the Lord pityth them that fear him." You ever see your children trying to do something and they're just giving it everything they've got and nothing's happening? I mean, I I can't tell you how many times I've seen my own children, other people's children, and they're just heaving and pulling and grunting and and everything they've got into it and nothing's happening. And usually they end up just stomping away or breaking down in tears and we pity them. And what do we do, church? We go over and the thing that they can bear, they just can't do, we do with the simplest of ease, don't we? Because why? Daddy and mommy, we're supernatural compared to a kid. He says, "God's just like that." Catch this. He says, "For he knoweth our frame, and he rememberth that we are dust." In other words, he's not relying on how we're built. He knows how we're built, and it doesn't impress him. He's not looking I'm going to say it to brother Kingsley. He's not looking at brother Kingsley and saying, "Look at that guy. Now, that's a guy that can handle a burden." No. Cuz the things that God can bear will crush us. The things that God can move with a breath from his mouth or the flick of a finger, we couldn't move in a thousand years with all of our technology and strength and skills and abilities. He knows our frame. In other words, our frame is not what limits him. It's not what holds him back. So don't use your frame as an excuse tonight, church. Don't use your frame as an excuse. Amen. Like I said earlier, God came to Gideon. He says, "Thou mighty man of valor." And Gideon's like, "Say, what me?" And you find that all God did was he kept taking it down to the point where it was ludicrous. By the time that Gideon's done, he goes from over from, I think, 30,000 soldiers to 300. and they're going to take on an army of over 120,000. 300 120,000. God took it to the point where it was completely obvious the battle belongs to God. And then what did he do, church? The scripture says that the Midionites killed more of themselves and God killed more of the Midionites than Gideon and his men ever did. God just needed somebody to stand there and do what he told him to do. That's it. Just do what God told you to do. The battle belongs to God, not to you. What do we do? We sing that song. The battle belongs to God, not to you and me. Leave it in his hands and shout the victory. Be not afraid. Be not dismayed. For the battle belongs to For the battle belongs to God, not you. I think that's the way it goes. I think we're good. Amen. But Satan wants to point to our frame. Listen, some of us think we have a bit better frame than others. But when it comes to the the the road we've got to walk, the battles we've got to fight, our frame ain't going to do it. The best of us aren't going to do it. It's going to take something more than that. Amen. That's why we need a spirit of power inside of us. Spirit of love and of a sound mind because God's trying to get us out of the first that I spoke about of human ability and get us into deity. That's what he's trying to get us into. And that means this frame has to be taken out of the picture so the excellency of the power can be of God. Let's go back to this promise we were reading in Exodus 23. God says, "I'm going to clear it all out." Says, "And I will send hornets before thee, which shall drive out the Hivite and the Canaanite and the Hitittite from before thee." Now catch this. We're saying, "Amen. Amen. Amen. But I will not drive them out from thee before thee in one year." In other words, it's going to take some time, church. Receiving the promise is going to take some time. It's a process of time. It does not happen in a moment. Amen. He says, "Lest the land become desolate and the beast of the field multiply against thee. By little and little, I will drive them out from before thee until thou be increased and inherit the land." So, in other words, you'll conquer as much as you can occupy. God's not going to have you conquer land just to have you pull back because you're not strong enough to hold it. You got to have the numbers. You got to have the faith. You got to have the people to fill it up as you take it. He says, "And I will set thy bounds from the Red Sea, even under the sea of the Philistines, and from the desert under the river. For I will deliver the inhabitants of the land into your hand." And we all said, we all said, "Amen." And then he said, "And thou shalt drive them up before thee." And we say, "Say what now?" You said you were going to destroy them all. You said you were going to send the hornets there. You said you were going to kill them all. You said you were going to push them. And now you're saying, "I've got something to do. We got something to do, church. We got something to do." Amen. Notice what he says. God's putting fear of them that really the Israelites ought to have had. He's swapping out that fear. Amen. But what's our part? We've got to step out with him. My part is not to win. My part is to walk. Is to act on what he said. That's my only portion. I can't win in myself. But what I can do in myself is I can walk. That's a choice. That's a choice. But it comes through faith. We know this. Amen. We have to step out in faith. And once we start stepping, we can't stop because stopping is backsliding. You got to keep walking. If we walk in the light, as he is in the light, we've got to walk as he walks. Move as he moves. Remember when they crossed in the Jordan, he said, "Set the ark first cuz you've not gone this way before. You don't know where you're going. Let me lead you and you follow." So we follow the word into battle. And as the word leads us, we walk. And we walk and we walk. And when the word stops, we stop. But if it keeps moving, then we keep moving. Right? Line upon line, word upon word, step by step. Everywhere that your footsteps are, that'll belong to you. Footsteps is victory. We've heard these things. Amen. We'll go from victory to victory. But there's time between victories. It's not all just as soon as I walk, I've got the victory. No, you got victory because you took the step. That's the promise is as you walk, you'll get the victory. Amen. Isn't that the message that we heard this past weekend? You got to take that word and you got to walk with that word. You got to make it personal. You got to make it yours. You got to say, "It belongs to me as a child of God, as a son or a daughter of God." You got to know they are for you. That's the point of all this. This is why we come into service twice a week is to let you know that this is for you. This is about you. It's your land. It's your promise. It's your God. It's your faith that he's given you. It can't just come from the pulpit. It just can't come from our elders or our parents. It's got to be a personal thing that God has given to you. You make steps. You know, I trust after this weekend, we've seen some great leaps. I'm trusting that. I'm believing that. But what do you do now? We're not going to have weekend after weekend of special meetings. We're not going to have men that preach like a house on fire every service. We're not going to have the emotion of it all. What do we do now? Where do we go? You look at Israel. They've been delivered out of Egypt by a mighty hand. Strongest nation in the world. And God destroyed them. Made a laughingtock of the Egyptians. Took them out with all their wealth. Took everything from them. We're borrowing it, right? And just walked away. Then the the Egyptians were dumb enough to chase them down and God destroyed their army. So now they have no wealth and they have no army. Opens the Red Sea, takes them through, feeds them, waters them, multiplies them, takes care of them, gets them into a place where they've got a a place of worship where the presence of God can come down. Gives them a word. And now he brings them right up to the border of Canaan. He takes them to the border of what he promised. And we know what happens there. Moses sends the spies into there. Now remember, we're preaching on no room for fear. And watch what happens as those spies come back. Says, "And they returned from searching of the land after 40 days. And they went in and came to Moses and to Aaron and to all the congregation of the children of Israel under the wilderness of Perin to Kadesh, and brought back word unto them, and unto the congregation, and showed them the fruit of the land." So they brought back evidence of the land. Now catch this. And they told him and said, "We came into the land whether thou sentest us, and surely it flowest with milk and honey, and this is the fruit of it." In other words, they said, "What God said is true." And we'd say, "Praise the Lord." Testimony service. Bring it on, brother. But watch this. Everything they've said to this point is great. Amazing place to live. Great views, great food. Nevertheless, this is a really long way of saying but. But but the people be strong that dwell in the land and the cities are walled and very great. And moreover, we saw the children of Anch there. The Amalocites dwell in the land of the south. The Hittites, the Jebusites, Amorites dwell in the mountains. The Canaanites dwell by the sea and by the coast of Jordan. Church, is anything here something that God didn't tell them? God to God literally named these people for them. There's nothing new here. Nothing new. There's there there's nothing that God hadn't revealed to them already. Amen. God never pretended otherwise. And Caleb stilled the people before Moses and said, "Let us go up at once and possess it for we are well able to overcome it." Now, I love when a believer comes into this sort of a situation because they stand up and they try and cut it off before it can grow. And Caleb says, "Whoa, we don't talk like this. This is not the talk of the promised children. This is not the talk of the royal seed of Abraham. This is not the kind of things we talk about." Sometimes we need to curb our talk. Watch what we're saying. Is it of fear or is it of faith? He says, "Don't do it." And what does he do? Caleb rushes to get them to hear the rest of God's message. And his message was, "And you will drive them out." He says, "Let's go up and drive them out." Cuz that's what the word says. Read all the word, people, is what he's saying. Don't stop here. Read it all. Get the full message. Get the full promise. And that'll keep us moving forward. Church, don't do the devil's job for him. Don't build up the situation. Don't build up the barrier. If you're going to build up the barrier, finish with this and I can't wait to see how God gets me through it. Cuz if you dwell on the barrier, what happens? Faith creeps in and faith goes out the door. Don't do the devil's job for him. Keep reading the word. Put circumstances in their proper context. What was the proper context for this? Nothing they've said here is wrong. But they stopped without putting it into context, which is thou shalt drive them out. That's the context. They're ordained to destruction. That's the context. You say, "I'm sick, Brother John." It's ordained to destruction. "I'm weak, Brother John." It's ordained to leave you. "I struggle, Brother John." That's okay. You're ordained to overcome. Put it in context. Victory. Victory. always victory. Amen. Those people were ordained to run away. What a horrible place to be. Ordained to lose. And yet you got the people that are ordained to win coming in and all they can do is talk about losing. Caleb says, "We are well aable." In other words, guys, this isn't going to be hard. It's not a stretch. We're not going to get there by the skin of our teeth. We're well aable. It's like Paul said, "We are more than conquerors." In other words, our victory is abundant. It's not a narrow victory. It's a solid and total victory where the outcome was never in question. He says, "But the men that went up with him said, 'We be not able to go up against the people, for they are stronger than they're stronger than our frame. They're stronger than we." And they brought up an evil report of the land which they had searched under the children of Israel, saying, "The land through which we have gone to search it is a land that eateth up the inhabitants thereof, and all the people that we saw in it are men of a great stature." And there we saw the giants, the son of Anch, which come of the giants. And we were, oh my goodness, look at this. We were in our own sight as grasshoppers. Look at the total reversal here. We were in our own sight as grasshoppers and so were we in their sight. Church, what is the source of fear here? What is the source of anxiety? What is the source of pulling back? It's because they started looking at themselves and they were giving a comparison of them to the circumstances, of them to the enemy, of them to the armies, of them to the cities. I don't know if you notice this, but we always lose the comparisons. That's the devil's job is to make the comparisons because if we live the lose the comparisons, we never enter the fight. That's what I'm saying. Don't do Satan's job for him. Don't build up the strength of your enemy. This too shall pass. Amen. You've been ordained to lose. I love it. Remember what we said. Fear comes from listening to a lie from Satan. And Satan's lie is to what? Get you focused on your condition rather than the word promise. God never said, "You're big enough to do it. You're strong enough to do it. You're skilled enough to do it. You've got enough numbers to do it. God said, "I'm going to do it." So why are we looking at ourselves? That's what caused them to not start in the first place. They started comparing themselves. Amen. Nothing the 10 spies said was untrue on the face of it. But remember what truth is or a lie is so many times. It's 99% truth. And what is it? It eliminates that one little detail that changes the context of everything. You ever have somebody tell you a story about a situation and they leave out that one little detail that if you knew that detail, it would put them in a bad light instead of the good light that they painted and they may have only done one thing wrong, but that one thing wrong changes everything. We all do it. It's human nature not to give the facts. What they did is they gave the facts, but they didn't give all the facts. They didn't give all the facts because they said what the land was like, but they didn't remind themselves of the promise. Caleb was the only one that had the faith to do that. Amen. What' they do? They forgot the whole word. They forgot the whole truth. And they took a partial truth. And a partial truth will bring you to fear every single time. You need the whole truth. The whole word. Amen. Or what Paul said in Romans. He says, "For what if some did not believe? Shall their unbelief make the faith of God without effect?" God's always got someone to believe. He says, "God forbid, ye, let God be true, but every man a liar." The only way you can tell the truth is to say everything the word says. Everything it says. That'll put everything in its proper place, in its proper context. Not pick it apart, not pick and choose. Not use anything in yourself to say, "I'm not worthy. I'm not able or anything." Say, "This is what the word says, and that's where I'm going to stand." That's the only foundation we have, church. What did Caleb do? He said, "Keep reading the word, folks. Keep reading the word. Go all the way into the promise because he said you'll drive them out. So, let's go do the driving out part. Instead of talking about how many of them there are and how big they are and how hard it's going to be and how impossible it's going to be, he said, "Let's just go and do it. God has brought us here. The pillar of fire is here. The word has been given. We're in the line of duty. Let's go in and do it." God didn't lead us up to take us back. Amen. God didn't lead us here to make us fall back. We're supposed to go forward. Why was it that Caleb could say this? Because he wasn't looking at himself. Caleb wasn't looking at himself. Caleb was looking at the God that made the promise. Caleb was looking at the pillar of fire. Caleb was looking at the God that had never left them hanging. He said, "He did it all the way here. He'll keep doing it." That's why they needed that book of remembrance so they could remind themselves from time to time, "Hey, God's with us." Amen. This farce of human ability won't get us in a rapture. Won't get us the victory. It won't take us through this life with overcoming power. We need a spirit of power and love and a sound mind. And that only comes by a heart that's subject to the word of God. And the only way that happens is by the spirit of God. Amen. Why? Because our faith got to be in the only thing that doesn't change or fail. And that's the word of God. That's the only thing we've been given that doesn't fail. Look at the result of this now. And all the congregation lifted up their voice and cried and the people we that wept that night. How you react is your choice, church, but your reaction will tell on you. The reaction here tells us what they were feeding on. And it's the same thing for us. Your influence will tell on you eventually. And here we see their responses. They're crying and they're weeping. Why? Because fear has crept in and faith has run out the door. And all the children of Israel murmured. They complained against Moses and against Aaron. And the whole congregation said unto them, "Would to God that we had died in the land of Egypt? Or would God we had died in this wilderness? And wherefore had the Lord brought us unto this land to fall by the sword that our wives and our children should be a prey? Were it not better for us to return unto Egypt?" Catch what they're saying, church. They said, "Listen, it would have been better if we never left Egypt in the first place. And has God taken us this far just to destroy us? God has provided their every need supernaturally and they're sitting here and saying, "Has God abandoned us?" What a ridiculous thought. But don't we think the same thoughts sometimes? We get so far and then we say, "Where is God? Where's the God of Vishel? Vashel." We get to a point and we say, "Has he abandoned me? Why am I going through this? If he started the work, he's going to be faithful to complete it. Go start reading your book of remembrance tonight. Go start looking at what he did because if he starts the work, he's got to finish a work. Otherwise, he's an imperfect God. The God that started it will be the God that's there all the way to the finish. Amen. God had done everything. destroyed Egypt completely, taken its wealth, brought them through the Red Sea, gave them water, gave them supernatural food, gave them a word, gave them a prophet, gave them a pillar of fire by by night and a pillar of cloud by day to keep them shaded, made sure the clothes didn't wear out, everything they had need of, every need supplied. And they come up and they haven't lost their needs, but they see a challenge in front of them, and they say, "God must have abandoned us. We'd be better off back in what we were in. complainers. That's what they were. That's all they could do. Church, complain. It's a sign of fear. Complaining because you've got no faith that God is in the story, that God is in the situation, that God is leading you, that God is guiding you, that God will provide you. Brother John Andy shared this. He didn't share it with me knowingly. He shared it on WhatsApp. And and I thought it was a wonderful quote just to take this evening. doesn't start so wonderful, but it ends wonderfully. You know, those people complained so much that Moses even lost his patience. Moses that stood in the gap for them eventually got so sick and tired of their complaining. That's how bad it was. Catch this now. He says, "I think one of the most horrible things is to see a man or a woman that's constantly complaining. I've always thought, God, keep me from it." See, that weakens faith all the time. You know, complaining weakens faith. He says, "I know." And now this is for you older folks. I know as they get older, each one of us, we're going to get something happen and something happen. And I know those little things are going to keep accumulating that as you get older, they just have to. That's the way it is sometimes. I'm getting a nod. things build up and things build up and our bodies don't start to they don't do what they used to do and our kids don't do what they used to do and the church doesn't do what it used to do and the preacher's different things change and it's not easy to go through change. Listen, I'm only 45 and I still don't like change. It's tough and guess what? We can let those things build up on us or we can have something else happen. He says, "But I think one of the most horrible things is for Satan to crown some person's life." Remember we read earlier that he crowns us with his loving kindness and tender mercies. He says, "A crabed old man or an old woman, you see, I hope I don't get to that place. I hope that I can bear it, my burdens." He said, 'I want my life crowned with the glory of God, his longsuffering, his gentleness, his peace, his meekness, and filled with the Holy Spirit. In other words, he says, I want to have an experience with God that lasts me to the end. Amen. God help our older people. It's tough dealing with us younger generation and the even younger generation and the changes that life brings and all of these different things. But we don't need any crabby old people here. We need solid, stable, loving, gracious old people. Amen. I was telling somebody, your pillars in the church, you don't have to move. You don't have to move. In fact, it's better if you don't. But stand still and be stable. That's what you're called to do. You're a stabilizing factor to this church. And crabby, stabilized people don't exist. They just don't work very well. He says, "I want my life crowned with the glory of God, his longsuffering, his gentleness, his peace, his meekness." He says, "And filled with the Holy Spirit." Now, watch what happens here. You talk about crabby people, your influence will tell on you and it comes out as crabiness a lot of times. I speak by experience. Amen. What is it? We let life get a hold of us. All of a sudden, things start to come out. We're starting to close now. He says they started, they cried and they cried. Watch what it turns now. Watch what fear turns into. And they said one to another, "Let us make a captain, and let us return unto Egypt." Fear leads you into rebellion. Complaining takes you into rebellion. What does complaining do? What happens? God's not doing it for me. I'm going to do it myself. And that is nothing less than rebellion against God. Amen. Now, they're going to pick their leader. God had given them a leader. And he was a leader that stood up for them, that stood in the gap for them, that protected them, that went to God and asked for mercy for those people. They had the best leader they could get. It was a man that was completely surrendered to God. And they said, "Let us pick a man now. And now, let us go back to Egypt." Problem is, church, they weren't turning away from Moses. They were turning away from God. And look at where it took them. It took them back to their original condition. That's how bad their complaining got was they thought it was better to go back to Egypt and be a slave than to stand as free men and women on the edge of the land of promise with a challenge ahead of them. Can you imagine wanting to go back to a life of slavery? That's how far it took him. Then Moses and Aaron fell on their faces before all the assembly of the congregation of the children of Israel. and Joshua the son of Nun, and Caleb the son of Japuna, which were of them that had searched the land, rent their clothes. And they spake unto all the company of the children of Israel, saying, "The land which we pass through to search it is an exceeding good land." They're saying, "Come on, guys. Let's preach it the way God gave it to us." He says, "If the Lord delight in us, then he will bring us into this land and give it to us a lamb which flows with milk and honey." Church, the Lord had delighted in them. He was delighting in them, and he will continue to delight with them. They were the apple of his eye. God's been with us. God's with us. God's going to keep being with us. Let's go ahead. They said, "Only rebel ye not against the Lord, neither fear ye the land, the people of the land, for they are bred for us. Their defense is departed from them, and the Lord is with us. Fear them not." This is where you see real faith stand up. Real character stand up. Everyone's screaming. Everyone's crying. Everyone's wondering, everyone's anxious. Everyone's lost all hope and they're saying listen to the word. Remember I said God gave them a menu of what they were going to eat. They said here's the menu. Anybody want to feels like eating some Amorites? Let's go get us some Amorites. Some Jebusites. Bring it on. Cuz God said we'll destroy them. Every single one. They're bread for us. Fear them not. Anybody here scared of bread? The densest piece of bread thrown at your head still ain't going to do a whole lot of damage, is it? Bread is not a worry or a concern to a soldier, is it? We eat it. It's not a weapon. He says, "These people, they're bread to us. We're going to eat them for breakfast, lunch, and supper." Yeah. Cancer, it's bred for us. Lost ones bound by Satan, it's bred for us. Why? He's got to destroy everything that comes against his children. Can't stand. He can't stand. But what happens? We look at that name cancer. We look at chronic diseases and we say big been there a long time been rough so far. No, they're bred for us. We're meant to conquer them. They're there for us to conquer them. That's our promise. But all the congregation bade stone them with stones. And the glory of the Lord appeared in the tabernacle of the congregation before all the children of Israel. And the Lord said unto Moses, "How long will this people provoke me?" And how long will it be before they believe me for all the signs which I have showed among them? What's it going to take for us to believe, church? How far does God have to take us before we stand on our own two feet and say, "Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. I finally believe or Lord, I'm going to keep believing. I've trusted you so far. I'm going to keep trusting you even when it looks like it's impossible. Depends what spirit's on us. He says, "Because these men which have seen my glory and my miracles which I did in Egypt and in the wilderness and have tempted me now these 10 times and have not hearkened to my voice." 10 times God had given them a chance to believe and they turned them down. every time the whole congregation had failed except for two. He says, "Surely they shall not see the lamb which I swear unto their fathers, neither shall any of them that provoked me see it. But my servant Caleb, because he had another spirit with him, you say they didn't have the baptism of the Holy Spirit." They had an anointing on them, though. He had a different spirit, a spirit that's not a bondage again to fear. He says, "He hath followed me fully, and him will I bring into the land where unto he went, and his seed shall possess it." Amen. We're going to close here, but what is it that shows faith instead of fear? Kachi knows. What is it that shows faith instead of fear? It's always works. It's always works. It starts with a confession of the mouth. Now, that's not easy, is it? It's not easy to say, "I'm healed," is it? It's not easy to say, "He's my provider." It's not easy to turn down opportunities and say, "The Lord will provide." It starts with the mouth, but it's got to come down into the hands and the feet. It's got to come into the decisions. So, faith always moves where God wants fully. He says, "He hath followed me fully. He's done everything I've required of him. Faith trusts. Faith speaks. And then faith moves. That's it. Speaking is not enough, church. You got to move with it. You've got to act on it. Amen. Faith testifies of the word when circumstances don't seem to agree. Caleb says, "They're bred for us. We're more than able. We're going to win." And he's facing a land that's got way more people than they've got. Way more weapons, way more skills, big cities. They've got everything that Israel doesn't have. He says, "We're more than able, fully convinced that God was with them." That's how faith acts. Remember what it says in Hebrews 11. It says, "Without faith, it is impossible to please him. For he that cometh to God must first what? Believe." You got to have faith. But you got to have faith in two different things, church. Watch this now. You must believe that he is. And you've got to believe that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him. Amen. Faith is not based on what we can see or feel or hear or smell or touch. Faith is is based on a belief that first of all, God exists and that he rewards you when you come to after him. But you don't just come to him eh if he gives it, if he gives it, if he doesn't, he doesn't. It says them that diligently seek him. That's the ones that come and they knock. It's been a day. I should probably stop knocking. No, they knock until he opens. They call until he answers. Amen. They wait until he shows up on the scene and then they walk as long as he leads. That's what faith does. That's what faith does. It's it's those that can keep trusting even as things spiral into a worse condition many times. How many times do you see that in the scripture where things get worse before they get better? Look at Gyrus's daughter. Lord, if you'll come and touch her, she'll be okay. They're on the way back. Don't come. She's dead. Jesus says, "If thou can't believe, all things are possible." And he comes and he's in the house. Then, and he raises her from the dead. Diligently seeking means you don't stop until you have the word in your possession. Or maybe I would say it this way, until you have the word of your possession. You don't stop until you've got what he's promised you. That's those that diligently seek him. Brother Ram says this. He says this is the keynote to the scriptures. You know what a keynote is? A keynote is a central or fundamental element. We could also call it a keystone. A keystone is a thing that goes in and it locks a structure in place. He says this is the key note of the scriptures. Faith. He that cometh to God must believe that he is and a rewarder of those that diligently seek him. Amen. You know what faith does church? Faith makes it personal. Faith puts your name where there is no name. Where it says that he health all thy diseases. You don't say thy diseases. You say my diseases. Amen. That when we we we read in Acts 2:38 where it says the promise is unto you and to your children. You don't read your children. Amen. Sister Mor, we read Anna, right? We read David. We read Martha. We read Sharon. We read Naomi. We read those that have gone away. We say the promise is still for them. We're not looking to the circumstance. We're looking to the word. And we write the names in by faith. We make it personal to us. What good is a God that heals you but won't heal me? I'm not saying he's useless. I'm not trying to say that. But if he's my God, then I want him to heal me, too. A God whose promises are only for Justine, but not for Sister Brenda. That's not a God I believe in. Amen. Faith puts your name next to it. And when you put your name next to it, now it's your inheritance. Now it belongs to you. Now you've got rights. Now you got authority. Now you've got the ability to say, "Lord, you enforce it. Now I put my name there. Every redemptive blessing, remember, we've been taught every redemptive blessing has been given to the church when Christ died at Calvary. He says, "And you've been handed a blank check, and all you got to do is have faith to write your name on the check." That's it. That's what faith does. It makes it personal to you, not just to everybody else. Amen. God bless you. Let's stand. I'll tell you this. What is it that makes faith personal to us? And this is where we'll start next service, Lord willing. It's personal because it starts with the fact that he loved us. And he loves us. And everything that we have is because he loves us. The hardship is because he loves us. The good times is because he loves us. The challenges are because he loves us. The trials are because he loves us. That in everything we're going through, it's for our good. That's Romans 8:28. We know that all things work for good to them that love God, who are the called according to his purpose. Our faith is resting on the fact that he loves us and there's nothing we're going through that isn't going to benefit us in the long run. Amen. And there's no promise that he withholds from us except for a time and that's to prove our faith and to show that God is in control. Amen. God bless you. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, our faith is in one thing. It's that you chose us. We didn't choose you, Lord. And that you've given us your spirit, Lord. And that's our only hope of overcoming in this world, Lord. It is your work from before the foundation of the world, from before time ever began, before we ever stepped foot onto this earth, Lord. It is your word. It is your choosing. It is your election, Lord. And even the very faith that we have comes from you, Lord. We're resting in you this morning. We're not resting in our frame, our abilities, our strengths, Lord. But Lord, I'm trusting this more, this evening, we're not held back, Lord, by those things either, Lord, but that we're looking to the perfect God that has called us, that has filled us, that has anointed us to take you at your word, heavenly father. Lord, I pray you increase our faith tonight, Lord. and over these coming days. Lord, we thank you for your goodness in the meetings this past week. Lord, we're thankful for faith that brought so many to stand and claim you at your word. Lord, to take you at your promises, Lord. I pray you'd build up our faith, Lord. Help us to hold fast, to diligently seek, Lord, to hold, Lord, to stand the test, Lord, that we come out on the other side, Lord, with a full victory each one. We pray, Lord. Grant we ask in Jesus Christ's name we pray it. Amen. Amen. Do you know that song Jesus hold my hand as I travel? 795. Amen. I sing this pretty quick just so you know. As I travel through this pilgrim land, there is a friend who walks with me. He leads me safely through the sinking sand and it is the Christ of [Music] Calary. Oh, this would be my prayer, dear Lord, each day to help me do the best I can. For I need thy light to guide me day and night. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Jesus, hold my hand. I need thee every hour. through this pilgrim land. Protect me by thy saving power. Hear my feeble [Music] plea. Oh Lord, look down on me. When I kneel in prayer, I know I'll meet you there. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Oh, when I wander through the valley into the setting of the sun. Lead me safely to the land of rested by a crown of life have won. Oh, I have put my faith, dear Lord, in thee that I may reach the golden strand. Oh, there's no other friend on whom I can depend. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Jesus, hold my hand. And I need thee every hour through this pilgrim land. Protect me by thy saving power. Hear my people please. Oh Lord, look down on me. As I kneel in prayer, I know I'll meet you there. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Oh, let me travel in the light divine that I might see the blessed way. Keep me that I may be holy thine and sing redemption song someday. Oh, I will be a soldier great and true and ever firmly take a stand. Oh, as I onward and daily meet the flow. Blessed Jesus, hold my [Applause] hand. Jesus, hold my hand. I [Music] [Applause] need protect me by thy power. Oh, hear my feeble plea. Oh Lord, look down on me. When I kneel in prayer, I hope to meet you there. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. He has made me glad. I will enter his gates. It is 7:53. Sorry, 7:58. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh, I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. It is mine. 373. Amen. It's an oldie but a goodie. God's abiding peace is in my soul today. I can feel it now. He has taken all my doubts and fears away though I cannot tell you how. That's a wonderful thing. Amen. when it's gone and you can't say why, you just know it's gone. Amen. Let's sing it this evening. Oh, God's abiding pieces in my soul today. Yes, I feel it now. Yes, I feel it now. He has taken all my doubts and fears away. Though I cannot tell you how, oh, it is my mind. Blessed be his name. He has given peace, perfect peace to me. It is my mind. Blessed be his name, mine for all eternity. He has brought in me a sweet and perfect rest in my rapured heart. I can feel it now. Each passing moment keeps me saved and blessed. floods with light. My heart and proud is mine. Blessed be his name. He has given peace, perfect peace to me. It is my mind. Blessed be his name, mine for all eternity. when he has given me a neverfailing joy. Oh, I have it now. Oh, I have it now. To his praise I will. My ransom powers employ and renew my grateful vow. Oh, it is my mine. [Music] He has given peace, perfect peace to me. It is my for all [Applause] eternity. Oh, the love of God is comforting my soul. For his love is mine. Yes, his love is mine. Waves of joy and gladness for my spirit roll filling me with thy divine. Oh, it is my blessed be his name. He has given peace, perfect peace to me. It is by night. Blessed be his name for all eternity. And he has given me a neverfailing joy. Oh, I have it now. Oh, I have it now. To his praise I will. My ransom powers employ and renew my grateful vow. Oh, it is my life. Blessed be his name. He has given peace, perfect peace to me. It is my. Blessed be his name, mine for all eternity. peace. Sing it one more time. Oh, it is mine. Blessed be his name. He has given him peace. Perfect peace to me. Is my blessed be his name. Thine for all [Music] eternity. Amen. Praise the Lord. Just before we go, we're going to sing that song. Feeling so much better. It's number three. Feeling so much better. Amen. Trust we're feeling better this evening. Trusting we're enjoying the presence of the Lord. Trusting his promises. Amen. Amen. Remember the needs that have been mentioned already. Pray for one another. I wanted to thank the Lord for his grace with my eye. It certainly has been healing very, very quickly. Getting back to normal very quickly. And I'm just very thankful. Amen. I'm thankful that I don't have to deal with it and thankful that it's going away. Amen. Doctors can do everything they do, but it takes God to heal. We know that. Amen. And the surgeon was very pleased. He said, "It went better than I expected. I got everything out of it." And he said, "But it looks pretty big." And when I came out, my wife, she just looked at me in horror because it it wasn't lumpy the way it was, but it was so swollen and bloody and just a real mess to it. And it didn't look good for about a day and a half, but then it started to really clear up. And you know, Satan will punch at you. You know, we're going to get into this maybe next service, but he says, you know, yeah, your eyes taken care of, but it'll the eyelid will never be the same, and you'll have a lopsided face, and the eyelid's going to be stretched out, and then it's going to come back. Satan likes to beat up on us. He likes to put fear in us. Amen. But all I've been saying is, Lord, you're the healer. You're the promisekeeper. It's your word. I'm just going to keep saying it's doing better every day. And guess what? It's doing better every day. So, I want to praise the Lord for that. I'm very thankful. Thankful for your prayers. Thankful for your concerns. Thankful for your close stairs to see how it's going every time. Amen. But it's good to be on the healing side of things. That's for sure. Amen. So, praise the Lord for that. Let's just sing this. And uh, Brother Vich, I'm going to ask you to close in prayer tonight if you would. Feeling so much better. We're talking about this good old bread. Feeling so much better talking about the Lord. So, let's go on. Let's go on talking about this good old book. Let's go on. Let's go on talking about the Lord. The devil, he don't like it. Talking about this good old book. The devil, he don't like it talking about the Lord. So, let's go on. Let's go on talking about this good old thing. Let's go on. Let's go on talking about the Lord. I'm feeling so much better talking about this good old. Feeling so much better talking about the Lord. So, let's go on. Let's go on talking about this good old book. Let's go on. Let's go on talking about the Lord. The devil, he don't like it talking about this good old game. The devil, he don't like it talking about the Lord. So, let's go on. Let's go on talking about this cool thing. Let's go on. Let's go on talking about the [Music] [Music] Lord. Dear heavenly father, Lord, thank you for the service. Lord, how we pray to you Lord to help us lay everything down. Lord, help us surrender, Lord. Help us to listen to only your word, Lord. Help us to remove all unbelief. Lord, we pray to you Lord for your help, for your healing to those who are sick. Lord, lead them into your word. Lord, help them to hold on to it. Lord, create a burden on our heart. Lord, to pray for them, Lord, to be a support to them, Lord. There are many unspoken needs to Lord. Sometimes everyday struggles get too hard, Lord. Help us Lord to find victory. Lord, help us to see through to it all Lord through your word. Lord, help us to meditate on what we heard today. Lord, help us to help make it real to us. Lord, we pray to you for help. Lord, as we go from here, Lord, help us to not look out what outside. Lord, help us to look up. Lord, it's all bad outside. Lord, it's gross. Lord, help us to not set our eyes on it. Lord, help us to look above. Lord, yes, Lord. We pray for your presence in our lives. Lord, we pray for your presence, Lord, in our hearts. Lord, prepare us, Lord, for this great battle. Lord, prepare us, Lord, to come back with a greater desire to hear your word. Lord, help us to keep stepping up, Lord. You are our strength, Lord. You are our glory, Lord. We pray for your help, Lord, in the remaining week. Lord, help us to stay focused. Lord, we pray to you, Lord, for Sister Lori Snow. Lord, please continue to heal her. Lord, we pray to you, Lord, for brother Bobby Figuero. Lord, you are his strength. Lord, you are his redeemer. Lord, please be with him, Lord. Please be with Sister Cordella. Lord, please be with sister Kimberly, too, Lord. Lord, we pray to you, Lord. For Sister Brenda's ear, too, oh Lord. Bring your supernatural healing to her, Lord. Lord, she has been a faithful warrior. Lord, be with her, Lord. Help us to learn from our elders. Lord, we pray for your presence. Lord, please be with us, Lord. Please be with each and everyone, Lord. As we go from here, Lord, you are our protector, Lord. You are our shield, Lord. You are the only anchor we can rely on. We love you. We praise you in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] Lord, great. [Music] Never see mercy ever. They are you every morning. They're every morning. Great [Music] thy faithfulness. [Music] Lord come to you every morning. to great is thy [Music] great mercy. You never come to you living and you glor is Happy birthday every morning. Glor is [Music] glor. [Music] Glory. Glory. [Music] in your heart. You may all you have to be You are happy. [Music] He glory every with your praise.
