################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-20 - 20250720 - The Token Life Pt 69 - An Echo Chamber Gospel Pt 3 - Bro Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-20
Title:    20250720 - The Token Life Pt 69 - An Echo Chamber Gospel Pt 3 - Bro Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 42m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cz_jANBWmNg
========================================

Description:
Scriptures and Quotes: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1wNXaY1tx5F9n2hjkW62x7BFwk5dybtxP/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] beautiful. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's stand. All of my days are held in your hands to your perfect. You gently call me into your presence, guiding me by your Holy Spirit. Teach me, dear Lord. You live all my life. Amen. You're right. I'm captured by your holy calling. Set me aart. You're drawing me to yourself. Lead me, Lord, I pray. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. Take me, bold me, use me and fill me. I give my life to the potters. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. and call me. Guide me, lead me, walk beside me. I give my life to the father's hand. Beautiful Lord. Oh, beautiful Lord. Wonderful Savior. I know for sure. All my days are held in your hands and crafted into your word. Thanks. Amen. Hallelujah. You gently call me into your presence, guiding me by your Holy Spirit. Teach me, dear Lord, to live all my life. Yes. Amen. Through your eyes, I'm captured by your calling. Set me aart. I know you're drawing me to yourself. Lead me, Lord, I pray. Hallelujah. me. Use me, fill me. I give my life. Hallelujah to the father and amen. Oh, bless the Lord. All me, guide me, lead me, walk beside me. I give thy life to the father. Amen. Take me, mold me. Praise the Lord. Oh, take me, mold me. years weak. I give my life to the potter's hand. Amen. Call me, guide me, baby. Walk beside me. I give my life to the pers. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. May we surrender to him today and let him mold us and use us and fill us with his spirit. Praise the Lord. Amen. Excuse me. Let's sing 523 in his time. during your time. I'm going to sing that this morning and ask brother Matt if you'd open in prayer. And remember to pray for brother John as he brings the word today. And uh remember also to continue to pray for brother Dale. Uh spoke to him last night and uh he has to go for a bone scan and in early August. So uh he's doing fine and his faith is still strong. So we just want to continue to pray for him. Remember also sister Laura Snow, brother Steven Dole who we had been praying for had the the motorcycle accident in the US. He's home now but u got a a bit of a road long road to recovery. So uh we just want to remember him. We've been asked to pray for him. Of course pray for brother Doug, sister Beverly, and all the saints around. So God's grace to each one. Uh brother uh Chad not here this morning so I want to remember him and we have a birthday brother Joshua as a big five today getting old now so happy birthday brother Joshua. Amen. In his time we pray we ask for the Lord but he will answer. He said he would but it's done in his time. Amen. Let's just sing it to a better man. We'll open in prayer. In his [Music] bless he makes all things beautiful in his time. Amen. &gt;&gt; Lord, please show me every day as you're teaching me your way. That you'll do just what you say in your time. Amen. In your time. Hallelujah. In your time. Oh, bless the Lord. You make all things beautiful in your time. Amen. Lord my life to you my brain. May each song I have to sing be to you a lovely thing in your in his time. Praise the Lord in his time. Hallelujah. In his time, he makes all things beautiful in his time. Amen. Lord, please show me every day as you're teaching me that you're doing just what you say. Hallelujah. In your time. Let's sing it. Praise the Lord. In your time. In your time. Praise the Lord. You make all things. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. in your time. Lord, my life to you I bring. May it all I have to say be to you a lovely day in your [Music] dear gracious heavenly father or Lord. There's a lot in that one line there of in your time. Too many times, Lord, we get caught in looking at things through our eyes, judging it on humanistic time, Father. But Lord, may we just always look at each other and through your eyes, Father, knowing that you're still working on each and every one of us and we'll be accomplished and fulfilled and completed in your time. Father, forgive us if we try to get ahead of your plan. Lord, forgive us if we hold someone to a standard, Lord, that is not realistic or in keeping with your will, Father. Lord, as we come here, Lord, and I pray, Father, that you just help us to come with open hearts. Father, may we each and every one make footsteps of possession in our own lives. Father, help us to come open, Lord. Nothing standing between us. Maybe not worry about the person next to us. Father, but may we just get into that channel where you can flow freely through us, Lord. Forgive us, Lord, if there's anything we hold against someone else, Lord. And Lord, I pray your grace just be upon us all, Lord. Grace especially Lord to all the needs father. Lord grace especially to Butterdale Lord. Lord may you just continue to be with him. Father strengthen them Lord. May you just strengthen his testimony Lord. So Lord Lord we thank you for her and Grace to brother Steven all the different saints across the aisle. Lord those that couldn't make it here. Father may you just give them a double portion father to give them strength for the journey ahead. grace especially Lord to brother Jonathan as he comes to minister Lord may he be flexible and willing just to go down the little rabbit trails that speak to each individual heart here tonight or today Lord may you just accept our praise Lord and our thanks father as we sing to you and may just bring you on the scene in a mighty way Lord in Jesus Christ's name I pray amen [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing 139. It's glad day when I was born again. Amen. Praise the Lord. Trust you came to worship this morning and hear the Lord. Hear the word of the Lord. Amen. Let's sing it. That day when I was born again. That day when I was born again. That day when I was born again. Was a day when I was born again. The sins I used to do, I do them now. No. The sins I used to do, I do them now. The sins I used to do, I do them now more. It was a glad day when I was born again. Bad day. Oh, glad day when I was born again. Bad day when I was born again. Bad day when I was born again. It was a bad day when I was born again. The sins I used to do, I do them now no more. The sins I used to do, I do them now. The sins I used to do, I do them now no more. It was a glad day when I was born again. That day. Oh, glad day when I was born again. That day when I was born again. That day when I was born again. It was a glad day when I was born again. Praise the Lord. Oh, the sins I used to do, I do them now. I used to do, I do them now more. Sins I used to do, I do them now more. It wasn't that day when I was born again. That day when I was born again. Amen. That day when I was born again. That day when I was born again, it wasn't that day when I was born again. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Number 1238. It's a highway to heaven. Praise the Lord. [Music] If you're not walking, then start while I'm talking, walking up the kings high. Christ walks beside you. Angels will guide you. Walking on the kings my way. Highway to heaven. Young can walk up there. Who wants a pure in heart? Amen. Way to heaven. Walking up the kings high. My way gets brighter. My gets brighter. Walking up the kings. My way. Yes. Amen. beauty confessing that there is a blessing walking up the king's highway. It's a highway to heaven. None can walk up there but the pure in heart. Amen. Way to heaven. Walking up the kings my way. Hallelujah. You're not walking. Stop while I'm talking. Walking up the king. Amen. Christ walks beside you. Angels will guide you. Walking on the king's highway. And it's a highway. Praise the Lord. None can walk up there, but the pure heart. It's a highway. Praise the Lord. Walking up the king's highway. My way gets brighter. My way gets brighter. My look gets lighter. walking up the kings my way. You'll be confessing that there is a blessing. Walking upon the king's high way. Amen. Praise the Lord. Highway to heaven. I can walk up there pure in heart. It's a highway to heaven. Walking on the great highway. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing uh 1240. Is the depth of love of the Lord never it never ceases. We got a special this morning. sister Nikki and uh all those with her. I won't name them all off because there's a load of them and I don't have a great memory. So, let's just uh let's just be in prayer for them as they come with the to sing and we'll sing this. The depth of love never ceases. And the death of love of the Lord never ceases. His mercies never come to a new every morning. New every morning. Great is thy faithfulness. Amen. Great is thy faithfulness. The death of love. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; His mercies never come to an end. They are new every morning. New. Amen. Great is thy faithfulness. Oh, good. Great is thy faithfulness. Amen. Praise the Lord. [Music] Oh mighty man of valor, you faced your enemy and with a sword you slaughtered. You had sweet victory, but it gets bitter. When you are tried in the fire and it gets hard sometimes, but pleasing to the soul. [Music] For if you choose to leave your place, who will stand instead? For this cause were you chosen to see that devil dead. So keep on fighting. Fighting with all the faith. [Music] Keep looking towards the vision. For the hour now is late. So I'll put on the hour of God and I'll put on the shield of faith. Trusting in the sword of the spirit. Pray with sincerity and truth. [Music] We wrestle not against flesh and blood, but principalities and powers and rulers of darkness. Still here I stand in the truth. Still tied to my absolute. Oh, I'm still tied to my absolute. Oh, I'm still tied to my absolute. I've read it in the scripture in Joshua 5:14. God came down as Lord of hosts. Israel was defended in position and David slew a lion. [Music] He looked at his experiences &gt;&gt; and then he spoke Goliath. And I am a faith pedigree. Why should I cry in fear? I'll speak God's word with revelation. I will not surrender till I walk upon the ashes of that wicked world. He lies than face to face, &gt;&gt; face to face &gt;&gt; with the one who keeps me by his grace. So I'll put on the ar of God and I'll put on the shield of faith. Trusting in the sword of the spirit. Pray with sincerity and truth. We wrestle not against flesh and blood, but principalities [Applause] and powers and rulers of God. Still here I stand in truth. Still tied to my absolute. Oh, I'm still tied to my absolute. Oh, I'm still tied to my absolute. We've read it in the scripture in Joshua 5:14. God came down as Lord of hosts. Israel was defended and positioned. And David lion. He looked at his experiences experiences &gt;&gt; and then he spoke a lion [Music] &gt;&gt; and we are of the pedigree. Why should we cry in fear? Let's speak God's word with revelation. We will not surrender till we walk the ashes of that wicked one. We stand face to face to face with the one who keeps us by his gra. So I'll put on the ar of God and I put on the shield of faith. Trusting in the sword of the spirit. Pray with sincerity and truth. [Music] We wrestle not against flesh and blood, but principalities [Music] and powers and rulers of darkness. Still here I stand in the truth. Still tied to my absolute Oh, I'm still tied to my absolute. Oh, I'm still tied to my absolute. &gt;&gt; So, I'll put on the ar of God and I'll put on the shield of faith. Trusting in the sword of the spirit. Pray with sincerity and truth. [Music] We wrestle not against flesh and blood, but principalities [Music] [Applause] and powers and rulers of darkness. [Music] Still here I stand in the truth. Still tied to my absolute Oh, I'm still tied to my absolute. Oh, I'm still tied to my absolute. Oh, I'm still tied to my absolute. Oh, still tied to my [Music] Amen. That was wonderful. Praise the Lord. Amen. It's all about lifting up the Lord, isn't it? It's all about It's all about him. Praise the Lord. Let's uh let's sing 994. I lift your name. Praise the Lord. Lord, my heart can grow so far away and cold. And yet for me your love is still the same. Amen. Lord, I bend my knees in awe and fear of you. My hand bows down in reverence to your name. Amen. I lift your name. Yes. Amen. Your holy name. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. God him the great God. Amen. The ra my God. Hallelujah. and came. Press the Lord and Lord my heart desire. Let's stand and be filled with spirit and power. My purpose is to worship you alone. Yes. Amen. Open up my soul. Hallelujah. To worship and adore. Hallelujah. to be a fragrance offered to your hallelujah. Praise the Lord. I lift your name. &gt;&gt; Your holy name. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. The higher. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. The ra. Oh, blessed be your name. My comfort [Music] and king I lift your name. Your holy name [Music] God. Hello Oh, the great I am the riser [Music] and king. Hallelujah. Lord, we're lifting your name this morning, Lord. There's no other name that's worthy to be praised. It's a name that is high and lifted up. It's a name above all names. Lord, your word says that at that name, every knee shall bow and every tongue confess that Jesus Christ is Lord. And you are our Lord. Lord, we're claiming that this morning, Lord, not just a savior, but you are our Lord. You are our headship. You are our leader, our guide, our shepherd this morning, heavenly father. Lord, and I pray that it would be, Lord, not just a confession of our mouth, Lord, but a profession of our life, Lord, that the way we live, the things we do, the things we say, the things we don't. Lord, all of it would reflect the headshift and lordship of Jesus Christ in our lives by your spirit. Lord, we pray you'll take this service once again, that you would speak to our lives, our situations, Lord, that you would minister to your bride this morning. We pray, Lord, bless them now. We ask in Jesus Christ's name we pray it. Amen. Amen. God bless you each one this morning. Turn to Isaiah 14, chapter 12. Boy, we've got a full building this morning as much as we have. Full is the two center rows, you know, but it's wonderful to see that. Want to welcome the Wam family here. Good to see them this morning. Amen. Good to see sister Nadine back with us as well. God bless you. I wanted to thank the church for all getting back to brother Paul on their camp attendance and letting him know when they're going to be available or if they're going to be available. And first priority always goes to people of the church. Amen. And so I know some of you are are waiting on work confirmation and we'll hold your spot for work confirmation. There's nothing you can do about that. But if you have other commitments, then that's something that you have to decide is where you're going to go. And if you can't commit, then we have to go with others that will commit themselves to the camp. So just so you understand, um there's not we're not trying to make exceptions for one and not the other, but if you can't help it, we'll make an exception. If you can help it, you just haven't decided yet. Unfortunately, we're going to have to go with those that can commit and decide. So, please understand that brother Paul has talked with me extensively about each of the situations we've had to deal with and his actions are with my support and it's my decision that I've made with him. So, if you have any issues, you can talk to me, not him, because he made them with my full input on those things. So, we're thankful for that. We're thankful we've got a lot of people coming to camp and we're trusting the Lord to just move in a special way. Amen. I want to give another praise report for my eye. As you know, I had surgery about two months ago, and I went to the opthalmologist for my two-month checkup, and he looked at the wrong eye and said, "It looks great." So, either there's well, he looked at the other eye, so maybe there's something wrong with the other eye, but um he said he couldn't tell which one it was. So, I praise the Lord for that. Amen. That it's healed so completely that the opthalmologist that did the work can't remember the one that he did the work on. Amen. That was a wonderful special. Sister Nikki and the whole group. I didn't get to see it. I could hear it. Sounded like we had about 40 people up here, but that's wonderful. God bless you. And I know there's a lot of hard work and effort put into that. So, God bless you each one. I did want to bring a prayer request. Uh many of you would know uh Mrs. Piery from the 7th Day Advent School. She was the principal for the for the the elementary school and her daughter Cherylyn. So, my wife and I met Cherylyn a little while ago in the I guess around February, I think, when we were out walking and we talked with her and uh we didn't know too much about her situation, but my sister Elena's been talking to her through Facebook and they've kind of reconnected and she has a a prayer request. So, she has scaraderma. Now, if you know anything about scaraderma, you know it's a death sentence. So, what happens is it hardens the skin, it hardens the tissue of the organs of the body, and so eventually what happens is they harden to the point where they won't function. So a typical life expectancy from diagnosis is 5 to 10 years. She's got a couple years left at best they say. So she's asked for prayer. Now she doesn't necessarily believe in prayer this way in divine healing because she hasn't been taught divine healing. But she's getting to a place where she's getting desperate. So we're going to pray. Maybe she'll come here for prayer. But it's got to be a prayer of faith. remember not a prayer just of desperation but a prayer of faith. So I want us to remember her over the coming days and months that the Lord would work in her heart that he would quicken faith to the word. Amen. Not just to a church or to a ministry, but that he'd point her to his word and that she'd see herself written in the pages of the Bible. What a horrible thing to have that sword hanging over your your life day in and day out, not knowing when that last moment's going to come and you can't breathe. your heart starts pumping and things just start to shut down. That's what she's dealing with. So I say, Lord, grant mercy. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you this morning. We're going to read from Isaiah 14. And this is an odd scripture if I would say it. We're preaching on the Holy Ghost, the token life, the the life of a Holy Ghost fililled believer. And we're going to read about Satan this morning. And it says, "How art thou fallen from heaven, oh Lucifer, son of the morning? How art thou cut down to the ground which did weaken the nations? For thou hast said in thine heart, I will ascend into heaven. I will exalt my throne above the stars of God, and I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation in the sides of the north. If you look at that stars of God, if you go to Revelation 1, it says the stars of God are the seven angels to the seven church ages. He'll elevate his ministry. He'll try to elevate his ministry above the seven angels ministries to the gentile church age. He says, "For thou hast said in thy heart, I'll ascend to heaven. I'll exalt my throne above the stars of God. I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation. He's going to sit where churches gather. He says, in the sides of the north, and I will ascend above the heights of the clouds, and I will be like the most high. I will be like God. He says, God bless you. You can take your seats this morning. Now, before we get into our service this morning, I did want to make some quick clarifications. I've had a number of conversations with people over some of the things I've been preaching here and a couple services ago we preached on headship on the Sunday morning and and I wanted to follow up with some things because for those of you that have sat under this ministry for for years or maybe decades you may you you would have understood where I was coming from but for those that haven't it can be difficult at times to hear some of the things that I preach because you haven't been taught this way. Amen. But we talked about headship and we talked about how when when there was the fall in Eden that God had instituted headship where the man was the head and the woman was under his headship. Then we said that the the the headship there was imperfect but it was still God's way. Amen. God ordered it that way. He said that the woman would be subject Paul said the woman will be in obedience to the husband. And I wanted to say this because so often what we have is imperfect people in imperfect situations. And so the word works properly when the entire marriage is under the headship of the word. When both are believers, when both are serving God in sincerity. Amen. But if the husband's not a Christian and the wife is, well, now we've got a problem, don't we? Because that man has no headship of his own. And that woman's trying to submit to a husband who's not under the headship of the word. Now, that doesn't give the woman the opportunity now to just go and do whatever she wants. By no means. You serve your husband as unto the Lord, the scripture says. Amen. But you have to serve him as he serves the Lord. So if he would try and pull you away from what the word says, you're not in obedience there. But where he is, you've got to submit yourself and the decisions of the household still run through him. Now then you have vice versa where you have the the the husband is the is the one that's a believer and the wife is not. Well, now you've got a wife that won't submit to a husband because she's not under headship to the word. And so he's trying to lead the family. He's trying to do godly things and whatnot. But you have a wife now that's in rebellion because she's got her own way of doing it. Now Paul deals with this. He says, "Listen, if the if the believing husband is with the unbelieving wife and she is is content to stay with them," he says, "Then then stay in the marriage." He says, "But if she's going to leave, then let her go." He says, "You're not in bondage to her." Then he flips it around. He says, "Now if it's the believing wife with the unbelieving husband," he says, "If the unbelieving husband is happy to to stay with you in marriage, stay with him." He says, "But if he leaves, you're not in bondage." He didn't say go remarry. Remarage is only for is only after that man dies. But you aren't bound to that. But the thing is what happens too many times is we think that because someone's out of headship then I can step into their role. And you can't get word results if you step out of your word position. You can't become the head because your husband's not. You can't become the god of the house because your husband is not. Or vice versa. You can't force your wife to do something that she doesn't want to do. She's got to come to a place. And Paul says, "Per adventure, you might be the saving of that spouse." You've got to stay in your godly role. You've got to stay in your own place of submission. Amen. That's a thing to remember because wives, you can't get your husband to submit by getting out of your position. You can't bring him into the word by getting out of the word, if I put it that way. You got to stay in your position. But I've heard of instances of of husbands that were abusive to women in relationships, even within the the confines of of the the Christian world, even this message. And a woman is never bound to stay in an abusive relationship. By no means. If your health, if your safety, whatever it is, is is is in fear of that man, then you can move on. Not remarry, but you can move on for the sake of your body's sake, for the sake of your safety. Amen. And may God grant you grace because now you're under your own headship. That's a dangerous place to be. But I wanted to clarify that by no means do we preach a headship where a man is abusive. Amen. She is not the rug under our feet, brothers. If we treat her like that, shame on us. She is our queen. We treat her as a queen. We treat her with honor, with dignity, with respect, with love, and we sacrifice ourselves for that woman. That is our role as believing men. Amen. So we are not in this headship of my way or the highway. Meet Tarzan, you Jane. That's not it. We lead by the word as Christ did. We give ourselves for our families and for our relationships. Amen. So I wanted to to clarify that just this morning so there's no misunderstanding. But we're going to take another service and we've been preaching on this idea. We preached on uh uh absolute power and we've taken this this mis this redirection I should say on this thought of an echochamber gospel. Amen. And we're preaching on the life of a holy ghostfilled believer but we're opening with a scripture about Lucifer about Satan. Amen. And we're talking we're taking a bit of a circutous route. We're going to come back to absolute power. But what this little uh blip on the radar is is that I'm showing you what happens when you take things into your own hands. I'm trying to show you what happens when you make your own decisions. When we do things our own way, when we determine to do things or have things or be something and it takes us down a path of destruction. And that's what I'm showing. And I'm taking us back to the beginning. Amen. Because I want us to look inside and say, "Am I under this kind of an influence?" I'm not preaching to people that aren't here. I'm preaching to those that are here because Satan is subtle. Satan is subtle. And so I want you to see the influence. I want you to see the mindset. I want you to see the way that this spirit will make you think and act. Because if we see it, we want to root it out sooner than later. Because the longer it goes, the bigger that plant's going to grow. Amen. And I want us to distinguish, and again, we're going to take this back to the very beginning between the idea of being anointed, Amen, and being filled with the spirit because they are not the same thing. I want us to to to be able to see the difference where God can put his spirit on you and use you for something supernatural, something prophetic, something that is beyond our abilities. And that's an anointing. But that is not the same as being filled with the spirit. And we'll see that as we go through because as we get to the root of this concept, we can see that you can be anointed without righteousness if you can believe it. And I'll prove it to you by the scriptures. Like I said, we're going to go to the to the very beginning of this, but you look at Balum, you look at Caiaphas, you look at Judas, all had prophets, they had they had uh ministry, they had prophecy, they had signs and wonders, great demonstrations, but they were men of sin that turned against God and they were destroyed in their own gospel. But I want you to take I want to take you to the root of this this morning because we'll see that this is really a hard issue. This is a problem of what's on the inside. The problem is not the anointing. The problem is the vessel. Okay? And we're going to see that this morning. And this is something that happened way before you ever came into natural existence. This is a spirit that's been trying to work in our midst for for all of eternity, for all of time, I should say. And it's been the same spirit working all along. And so if we go to Ezekiel 28 this morning, it says, "Moreover, the word of the Lord came unto me, saying, Son of man, take up a lamentation upon the king of Tyrus, and say unto him, thus sayeth the Lord God, thou sealest up the sum, full of wisdom, and perfect in beauty." In another translation, it says, "You were full of wisdom and beauty, the image of perfection." Now, we'll see as we go here that this is not preaching to the king of Tyrus. This is preaching to Lucifer. Amen. And and it'll be very clear as we go through this. So the description of Satan, the description of Lucifer in his original creation is full of wisdom and beauty, the image of perfection. Wow. I would love to have that description this morning. If somebody could say, "Brother John, you are full of wisdom and beauty and the image of perfection." I would say, "Hallelujah. Let's go in her resurrection and her rapture. This was Lucifer's original estate, church. But what does it teach us? What we see is not always what is. &gt;&gt; Amen. What it looks like on the outside is not what it looks like on the inside. He says, "Thou hast been in Eden, the garden of God." Tyrus never walked in Eden. Satan walked in Eden. Satan walked in Eden. Amen. Now watch his description, his appearance. Now he says, "Every precious stone was thy covering, the sardius, the topaz and the diamond, the barrel, the onyx and the jasper, the sapphire, the emerald, the carbuncle and gold. The workmanship of thy tabts and of thy pipes was prepared in thee in the day that thou was created." Now that makes no sense to most of us, does it? Anybody understand everything that was said there? All right, let me take you to what it says. It says, "Your fittings and your clothing and your worship instruments were prepared for you in the day that you were created." In other words, Lucifer was created with purpose and it's tied to worship and beauty. That's his original thing. He was built to worship God. He was the greatest of all the angels. But notice what covers him now. He's covered in gems. He's covered in jewels. And it's all embedded in gold. His trappings, his clothing, his entire covering is gorgeous. &gt;&gt; And it's built just for Lucifer. And this is what makes him one of the greatest or the greatest of those angels in those times. Amen. And if you look, you'll see that most of these stones are the ones that were in the breastplate for the yerm thumb. But not all &gt;&gt; because he is not the type of the yerm thumb. &gt;&gt; But he was meant to do a similar thing. Now, watch how we go through this. You see these gems? If you if you've ever looked in a in a uh a jewelry store, have you noticed how dark they are? No. What is a jewelry store? They've got bright light shining on everything because they want the jewels to sparkle. And so Lucifer's trappings, his clothing is all beautiful only in light. He's only going to glow and sparkle and shimmer and shine when he's in the presence of light. If he's in darkness, he has no beauty. But when he's in perfect light, when he's in the presence of God, that's where his beauty comes forth. So, he is literally built to be beautiful in the presence of God. And outside of God, he has no real beauty. Now, catch that. Amen. Without light, those gems have no beauty. They're just lifeless. You ever go out on a, you know, I've got a diamond in my ring and it's it shines pretty bright here in this light, but if I go out on a cloudy day, that just looks dull. There's nothing to it. It just likes a looks like a piece of plastic or something in there. There's no beauty to it. There's no shark. There's no sparkle. There's no shine to it. Amen. But Lucifer is designed to be in light. Everything about him is focused on this. So, we would say it this way. His beauty is conditional on the presence of God. Okay, catch this now this morning. He only lights up the room when there's a light in the room already. There's nothing in him that brings light to the room. But when there's light, he looks beautiful. Amen. His very expression of beauty is based on being in the presence of God. Now, watch this. Now, I talked about you can be anointed without righteousness. Here's my proof. This is before humanity came in church. He says, "Thou art the anointed cherub that coverereth." He says, "And I have set thee so. Thou was upon the holy mountain of God. Thou has walked up and down in the midst of the stones of fire." So Lucifer, Satan, was the anointed angel. Anointed church. The anointed angel that that that controlled access to God. That's what he means. The cherub that covers. He controlled access to God. He had the chief position. He was the right-hand angel of all of heaven was Lucifer. Amen. And his purpose was to worship God constantly. And God says, "I have set thee." So I put you there. The anointed cherub, Satan. Okay? He says, "I established you in the top position." And Satan was right there in the presence of God. and he walked in the light of God. Now watch what happens. He says, "Thou was perfect in thy ways. Everything you did was perfect." He says, "From the day that thou was created until iniquity was found in thee." See, he was perfect until he wasn't perfect. And what made him imperfect? Iniquity. When he did what God wanted him to do, he was perfect. But there was a day where he walked in self-will, where he knew what he was supposed to do and he chose not to do it. And that was the day that perfection left him. Amen. He was perfect in his actions. He did not say he was perfect in himself, but his ways were perfect. He says, "By the multitude of thy merchandise, they have filled the midst of thee with violence, and thou hast sinned." Catch what Lucifer did. Lucifer started to use his position for personal gain. He used access to God to develop a following among the sea angels. He leveraged what he had to make himself a bigger shot than he was church. He was second only to God. Second only to God. You think how much further can you go? Well, he wanted to go further. And so he started to work in there. And it says he he says the multitude of thy merchandise. It literally means trading. So Lucifer was in there wheeling and dealing and getting political, manipulating things to try and get his own way. And what it was doing was bringing a following to him rather than a following to God. And it worked on twothirds of the angels. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Church, if it worked on angelic beings, what hope do we have without the spirit of Christ this morning? Amen. He says, "Therefore, I will cast thee out, cast thee as profane out of the mountain of God, and I will destroy thee, oh covering cherub from the midst of the stones of fire." So God took him out of his presence, the stones of fire, lighting up his very being. He took him out of everything that made him what he was. And he says, "Get out. You can't be in here." Amen. Notice that he used his position for influence, for leverage, to make a following for himself. Now, watch what watch what caused this. He says, "Thine heart was lifted up because of thy beauty, and thou hast corrupted thy wisdom by reason of thy brightness." What was Lucifer's downfall? Lucifer started looking in the mirror. Instead of recognizing what made him beautiful, he started thinking, "I'm beautiful in and of myself. Everybody knows it. Everybody says it." We're talking about an echochamber gospel. He started to believe that he was beautiful without God. Amen. He forgot that those things came from God and his completeness was only in the presence of God. He says, "I will cast thee to the ground. I will lay thee before kings that they may behold thee." So, he's cast down to earth. He could no longer reside in heaven in the presence of God. He says, now catch this. Thou hast defiled thy sanctuaries. We spoke last service very briefly on the synagogue of Satan, the temple of Satan. He says, "Lucifer, you have defiled your sanctuaries." What's a sanctuary? It's where we are. It's where the word is preached. It's where people gather to worship. He says, "You have defiled your sanctuaries." Satan has churches. Satan has sanctuaries. Satan has places of worship. And he says, "You've defiled it." What? because of your beauty. He says, by the multitude of thine iniquities. What is it that has taken those sanctuaries and made them filthy? Iniquity. What is iniquity, church? To know what to do and to refuse to do it. Iniquity, simply put, is self-will. Self-will. So Lucifer's church is consumed is defiled by self-will. by self-will. Okay, he refuses the will of God and instead he installs his own church. He says by the multitude of thine iniquities, number one, self-will. And then he says by the multitude or by the iniquity of thy traffic. That word traffic means merchandise or trade. It is a church. It is churches that are focused on self- gain. Amen. refers to making money. He's now on earth and he has churches and his program, his religion is based on money and influence to draw people to himself. He says, "Therefore, therefore, I will bring forth a fire from the midst of thee. It shall devour thee, and I will bring thee to ashes upon the earth in the sight of all them that behold thee." So, there's destruction that's prophesied, isn't it? It's a city that sits on seven hills. It's destroyed by fire in an hour. That's what the book of Revelation says. Amen. But notice it is multiple sanctuaries, one church. It's one mother many daughters. But it's the same church in the end. It's the same spirit. It's the same gospel. It's the same influence. He says, "And all they that know thee among the people shall be astonished at thee. Thou shalt be a terror." That word means horror. Thou shalt be a horror. People won't be able to believe the destruction that came to you and how fast it happened. He says, "And never shalt thou be anymore." Now, it's so easy to look at this and say, "Well, Brother John, we know what that's for. We know what church, we know what churches that are. That can never happen in our church." That can never happen in a sincere Christian church. That's a lie. That's a lie straight from Satan. Amen. Because that's not what the Bible teaches. Let's look a little closer at the root cause here and we'll push through our full thought this morning. We come to our original scripture from this morning. says, "How art thou fallen from heaven, oh Lucifer, son of the morning? How art thou cut down to the ground which did weaken the nations?" God says, "Lucifer, look what you used to be, and look at what you are now. For thou hast said in thine heart, I will ascend unto heaven. I will exalt my throne above the stars of God. I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation in the sides of the north. I will ascend above the heights of the clouds. I will be like the most high. Now, it it reminds me of my own conversion when I was there and brother Barry Coffee was preaching down in Louisiana and under the anointing of the Holy Spirit, he said, "You think you're going to do this, but you're not. You think you're going to do that, but you're not." And what was it? It was because I was a child of God. He was stopping me in my tracks from my thinking, my I wills. And he says, "But I have an I will that's greater than your will." And what happens? because there was something inside of me, I responded to that call and he corrected me and he set me on a path towards eternity. But Satan gets caught up in the I will. And today the the the modern I will is I think because I think turns into a plan and a plan turns into an action. An action turns into a life or a lifestyle and it leads us into destruction. What did the philosopher say? I think therefore I am. Not so. Not so. But this is Satan's lie. I will, I think, I believe. Therefore, it must be true. No. Let all men's word be a lie and God's word be true. That's our that's our standard this morning. Amen. God saying here, Satan, you think you're going to do this. And you said in your heart, see, the mouth was something else. In the presence of God, he was still worshiping and praising, but in his heart, he says, I'm going to go higher than him. I'm going to take his spot. He says, "Satan was the original archangel of God. He once dwelt in heaven. He once was the greatest person in the heavens outside of God. He was God's right-hand man to fellowship and he got puffed up in his heart." And isn't that just the way that people get today? Let God just bless a fellow and put a little confidence in him and he gets to be a know-it-all. He's got to start an organization or he's got to do something that's different. He says, "Why art thou fallen from heaven, oh Lucifer?" God has a hard time trying to get somebody that he can deal with that'll stay humble and meek and stay in the place until God calls him to do something. A man that God can bless and he'll still keep himself a man, not be an angel or a God. What do we see these days? Every minister wants to be the minister, the great minister. You see it, and I'm sorry for our black people. They're calling themselves apostles and chief apostles. Apostle so and so, chief apostle so and so, church. And they have none of the works of the original apostles. They have none of the doctrine of the original apostles. But what do they do? They claim a title. They want to be big because it says first apostles. So, I've got to be first. Nobody's willing to just say, "I'm an evangelist. I'm just a pastor. I'm just a teacher." Everyone wants to be a big shot. And their goal is to be the big shot. Church, there's only one big shot, and that's Christ. &gt;&gt; That's Christ. He says as soon as man gets blessed and has a little something given to him, he wants to become a god. He wants to become an angel. He wants to become some great person. What I do, me and me and mine. He says all that. He says that's the wrong attitude. God's hunting for somebody who he could bless and pour out the blessings. And the more he bless, the literal the littleler that man will become. I say, Lord, help us to humble ourselves. If we want more of God, then there's got to be less of us. Amen. We've got to humble ourselves in his presence. He says, "And you'll never get more of God until you become nothing. You've got to belittle yourself. He that will exalt himself, God will abase. He that will humble himself, God will exalt." He says, "You've got to get little before you can get big." He says, "And you'll never be big in your own self. You'll only be as big as God will be big in you." And church, that's the heart issue. That's a pride issue. That's an ambition thing. That's an arrogance thing even is that we kill where what God can do with us by this idea of how big we can become. What will this do for me? What kind of recognition could I have? What kind of ministry could I have? What kind of influence? What kind of money? What kind of popularity? How big a church could I get? Could I have the biggest congregation in Newfoundland? Who cares? Paul had 12 in Ephesus. It's not about size. It's about a reality of the living word. It's a heart issue. Satan was an anointed angel designed to be the greatest of all angels to worship God. But over time, and we don't know how long this took. It might have been thousands. It might have been millions of years, church, something in him started to turn. And he started to see, I want to be worshiped rather than be the worshipper. I want to be served rather than serve. I want to sit in the throne rather than stand before it. And he lost his first estate because he tried to become something God never built him to be. Stay in your lane. Amen. We can't all be a great minister. Can't all be a great minister. Stay in your lane. Do what God told you to do. Work with what God has given you. Don't work with it. Let him work with it. Amen. Surrender yourself to those things. Satan thought he had more potential than what he was doing. And so he said, "I'm going to be just like God." Church, you know how good a liar Satan is? He convinced his own self. That's how good a liar he is? Is he believed his own lie. If he believed his own lie, church, like I said earlier, what hope do we have except we have the spirit of God in our lives? If he can fool himself, he can sure fool an idiot like me. Absolutely he can. We cannot fight against him with our intellect, with our heart, with our sincerity. There's only one thing that'll defeat him, and it's the pure word of Jesus Christ. It's the word of God coming out of our lips. Amen. Notice, church, he is the father of lies, and his church is built on lies. He said his goal was to sit in the congregation and be worshiped as God. We read last service in 2 Thessalonians 2. I think it was where it says that he sits as God in the temple being worshiped as God. Amen, church. He's going to get there. But the thing people don't realize is he's already there. &gt;&gt; He's already there. You look in Revelation 3, Christ is outside the church knocking on individual lives because the nominal Christian church has cast him out when they left the word for a a denomination, for a doctrine, a creed of their own making, their own signs, their own affirmation, their own confirmation, completely outside the church, the so-called Christian church. Amen. He's already there and people don't realize it. Why? They believed his lie. Notice notice his promise. He says, "I will be like the Most High." And what was the thing that he promised Eve? You'll be like the Most High. God knows that in your day, you'll be just like him. He offered Eve his own lie. You'll be just like God. And what does it do? It elevated Eve to a place where she could make her own decision rather than do what the word of God said. That's the trap every single time. What makes Satan a god? What makes a god a god? Worship. That's right. Worship. Satan's only way of being a god is for people to worship him. And how do we worship a person? We do what they tell us. We believe them. We act on what we say. We take their gospel. We take their word. We give them authority over our lives. That's what makes them a god. And we do that by believing and acting on what they say. We worship the one true God. How do we know we worship him? We do what he says. We do what he says. Amen. But Satan's got a gospel as well. And it's a twisted word. It is the word of God twisted. Remember, it's the word of God misplaced. Satan preaches out of a Bible, church. That's what we've got to realize. He preaches out of a Bible, but it's a twisted concept. It's a twisted gospel. Amen. And what happens is when you take that, you put the full word out and Christ goes with it because he is the word. And it's that simple and that easy. They say we're worshiping Jesus, but you don't preach his word. You can't worship him without preaching his word. It's impossible. How does Satan get us there? Self-will. It's always self-will. It's our own ideas, our own preferences, what we feel, what we want, what we think. That's the way he gets in. Amen. It's our own ease of life, our own what? Trying to get away from pain. You ever notice that? One of the things we don't want is hardship. We don't want pain. We don't want suffering. And that is the very method that God uses to produce character in our life. It's antichrist to try and run away from pain, pain avoidance. Amen. We set aside the will of God, which is his word, and Satan can step in with an alternate gospel just like that. And he says, "I will. I will. I will." And what do we do? We come to church and say, "I will. I will. I will. What I want is what I'm going to have." Amen. And listen, professing Christians declaring their own plans, their own intentions, their own ideas, and God is nowhere in it. God's nowhere in it. They've got all sorts of scriptures, but they haven't found the will of God by the full word of God. They're just cherry-picking things out. I want to ask you this morning, are we saying I will, or are we saying if the Lord wills? We make decisions every day that determine where we spend our time, our resources, our energy every single day. And we're supposed to be seeking first the kingdom of God, and everything else will be added to us. Amen. But Satan's church is built upon self- worship which is based in self-will. Listen to this. James said, "Go to now, ye that say, today or tomorrow we will go into such a city and continue there a year and buy and sell and get gain. Whereas ye know not what shall be on the moral for what is your life? It's even a vapor that appearth for a little time and then vanishes away." He says, "For ye ought to say, if the Lord will, we shall live and do this or that." James is talking about we're going to make a plan and we're going to go make x amount of dollars by doing this certain thing or that certain thing or this certain place or finding this certain market or this certain opportunity and when we get that money we're going to do this and this and this and it's going to be a wonderful time. We're going to get exactly what we were looking for. He says, "What are you doing?" He says, "Jon, you don't even know if you're going to be alive tomorrow. Life is just a vapor here today, gone tomorrow, blown away in a moment." He says, ' But you ought to say if the Lord will, we shall be alive just to do it, much less do what we're going to do. Let me talk to you business owners. Is your growth strategy your will or God's will? Is how you put your resources to work your will or God's will? Is the amount of time you commit your will or God's will? Is God looking for you to grow spiritually or grow commercially? Because usually they offset each other. You can't grow without more time, more effort, more resources. Naturally speaking, you don't just grow by doing nothing. You got to put more in to get more out. Is it God's will or is it your will? Are we looking to build it bigger or are we looking to build it just the way God would have us to build it? And that's not just for our business owners. It goes for every single employee that's here. Am I trying to go all the way or am I trying to go God's way? Because every opportunity is not God's opportunity. The grass is not always greener on the other side, but it's Lord, what would you have me to do? Where would you have me to go? How big can I handle it? There are some people can't handle money. You don't want to make 200,000 bucks a year because you can't handle it. And God knows you can't handle it. Some people got to give them a million dollars and it wouldn't matter. they'll do the right thing with it. Some people can barely handle 50. It's a hard issue. God knows our weaknesses. God knows our strengths. God knows what we can handle. But the thing is when we get into I will rather than if the Lord wills, that's when we get into trouble. Amen. Much craves more. Have you ever noticed that? Used to be if you made $100,000 a year, you had it set. Now the number is 150. Pretty soon it's going to be $200,000 a year. Much craves more because everyone wants a lifestyle. Well, I'm going to get this. I'm going to get that. I'm going to be here by this time, by that time. If the Lord wills and desires, that's what we ought to be conditioning that with. Amen, church. If the almighty dollar is the head of our life, then almighty God's got to go someplace else. That's for sure. And the world is serving the almighty dollar these days. Where's our contentment? Where's our contentment? Where's our What's our motivation? What are we scrambling for day in and day out? Is it to make a resurrection and a rapture, or is it to make a dollar? Because if you make a dollar, you're going to get a dollar. But that's all you'll have when it's all said and done. He says, "But now you rejoice in your boastings." In another uh in another um Bible, it says, "You boast and brag about what you're going to achieve." He says, "God's not in it." He says, "All such rejoicing is evil." He says, "Therefore, to him that knoweth to do good and doeth it not, to him it's sin." And this is the literal uh definition of iniquity. Amen. It's Satan's church being built on self-will. To know to do good and not to do it, that's sin. That's iniquity. What replaces God's will? Our will. Satan's church is built on self-will. He says it was Satan's ambition to be worshiped like God. He took twothirds of the stars of heaven, ascended himself above those stars, and preached to them and deceived twothirds of them. Notice that's his ambition. He says, "And now he is ready with his carefully selected, educated bride by his own knowledge, all painted up in his deceit of big buildings, big denominations, and paints of knowledge and theology, and smart and intellectual and educated to deceive the whole world and become a god." Notice the phrasing he's using there, painted up. That's contrasted with anointed because when you anoint, it saturates you. It completely covers you. But painting up is a pretense. With anointing comes power. With painting up comes deceit. You're painted up to make people think you're more than you are. I don't know if you've ever seen these things where somebody has a picture with makeup and without. But I remember seeing one that was it was quite horrible. I mean, this woman looked like she she was on crack. Most of her teeth were missing. big bags under eyes, scraggly hair, all this other thing. And when she was done, she looked pretty good. She had false teeth. Her lips went from thin lin leather thin leatherly things to full. She had color. Her skin didn't sag. She had pulled her skin tight. I don't know. I didn't know you could do that, but she did it. She hid every flaw. But I tell you one thing, the man that married her and woke up the next morning without her makeup would have died and thought he had gone to hell because she was not what she pretended to be. Painted up. What is it? Trying to look like a real church. No anointing. No anointing. No presence of the Holy Spirit. He says that's what he's done. all heading up into the person of the antichrist which is already crowned the vicor of God by his worldly loving scientific bride all dressed up in pomp of intellectuality and religious education. He says she is made religious like him and by his own interpretation of the word as he did Eve and as his son Cain did. Christ has a bride. Christ has a bride. Revelation shows us she makes it all the way through. But Satan has a bride too. Now, she's not a bride. She's a Scripture clearly calls her a But his s Christ Christ has a church bride. And Satan has a church bride. And she's the mother of all harlots. Every evil thing is in her. Every filthiness, every iniquity, everything you can do wrong is in that woman, that church. Amen. Christ is the word. So, his bride will have to be a word bride. Satan is the father of lies and iniquity. So his church will have to be the church of lies and iniquity. The church of lies, twisted word, and self-will. Amen. It's always the word being used to manipulate people. We'll see later, not in this service, but in other, it's a nickelian spirit that tries to control. Satan took his position, his authority, his influence, and he used it to create his own church. And watch God's response to this now. He says, "Yet thou shalt," He said, "I will ascend. I will be above the stars. I will be like the most high." God says, "Yet thou shalt be brought down to hell to the sides of the pit, not in the sides of the north, on the mount of the congregation. You'll be down in the pit." He says, "They that see thee shall narrowly look upon thee, and consider thee, saying, Is this the man that made the earth to tremble, that did shake kingdoms?" In the end, we're going to look at Satan. He's going to be some little pipsqueak. He's fallen from his first estate and under all of those trappings, he's turned into a miserable little shrew of a man. We're going to look at him and say, "Really? That's what I was scared of? That's what I was worried about? That's what was fighting me? If I knew that, I'd have kicked him out a long time ago. Look at them today in the way you're going to see them, church, and it'll give you courage for the battle today." If you can look on them narrowly then, you should be able to look on them narrowly today and say, "You have no power in my life. You got no right to be here. He says that made that made the earth to tremble that did shake kingdoms that made the world as a wilderness and destroyed the cities thereof that opened not the house of his prisoners. He says all of the kings of the nations even all of them lie in glory. Everyone in his own house. All the natural kings they they're lying in glory in their tombs. They're being honored. He says but thou are cast out of the grave like an abominal branch. You got something in the grave. He says, "You throw it out before you put the person in." That's what you're like. You're the thing they throw out of the grave. He says, "As the raignment of those that are slain." When somebody's killed, what happens? They're all laying in the dirt and the muck and the filth and there's blood and guts and gore all over them. He says, "That's what you are." He says, "Thrust through with a sword that go down to the stones of the pit as a carcass trotten under feet." He says, "But thou shalt not be joined with them in burial because thou hast destroyed thy land and slain thy people." Notice it's a destructive gospel. It destroys the people that believe it. Amen. His church is destructed. His gospel is destructive. He destroys his own people. You look around and you see people that have been destroyed. But see, we tend to look at those that are destroyed by drugs and alcohol and all these different things, these habits. But this is a people that are killed spiritually. He says, "Thy the seed of evildoers, evil do evildoers shall never be renowned. prepare slaughter for his children for the iniquity of their fathers that they do not rise nor possess the land nor fill the face of the world with cities. There's one that will arise and possess the land. It's not him. But he'll try and bluff you out of it. He says, "For I will rise up against them, sayeth the Lord of hosts, and cut off Babylon the name and remnant and son and nephew, sayeth the Lord." Babylon the natural is a type of Babylon the spiritual, and it's going to be destroyed in a moment. He says, "I will also make it a possession for the bitter and pools of water, and I will sleep it with the besome of destruction." You know what a besum is? It's a broom. The broom of destruction, sayeth the Lord of hosts. It's a reference. You see, I think it's a in in the book of Matthew where John's talking about Jesus, he says he's going to come and he's going to burn the chaff with fire. What does the broom do? It puts the chaff all in one place and then he lights it with holy fire. It's the destruction of those that are separated out from the real wheat. It's the false churches. He says, "The Lord of Hosts has sworn, saying, "Surely as I have thought, so shall it come to pass. And as I have purposed, so it shall stand." See, Satan thought and he purposed, and he said, "I will." And God says, "I'm sorry." But that doesn't stand. What stands is what I say. What I think becomes a word. And what my word says is what happens. You can stand here all day long, Satan, and say, "I will. I will. I will." But what's going to happen is the Lord's will. The Lord's will is going to have dominion. He says, "Then I will break the Assyrian in my land and upon my mountains, tread him underfoot. Then shall his yoke depart from off them and his burden depart from off their shoulders." This is really pointing to the millennium of perfect rest and peace where there's no war. He says, "This is the purpose that is purposed upon the whole earth." See, Satan's got a purpose, but God says, "I've got a bigger purpose. I've got a law. I've got a word that stands above it, and this is the hand that is stretched out upon all the nations. This is God's true intention. He says, "For the Lord of hosts has purpose, and who shall disanol it? And his hand is stretched out, and who shall turn it back?" We're preaching on an echochamber gospel. And it's very easy for people to say, "Yes, that's true. I believe it, but that's not my church." But we have to see what identifies the sanctuary or the synagogue of Satan. Because it's easy to look at a church and you see the sincerity of the people, you see the commitment to the people. You see the even the passion, the gifts and you say that is a true godly church. But the test of Christianity is not sincerity. It's not gifts. It's not feelings and emotions. What is the test of Christianity? Will you stay with the word? Always has been, always will be. Why? Because we can be sincerely wrong. Sincerity won't get you there. If you're sincere about following the word of God, God will lead you into truth. But if you're sincere about doing what you want the word of God to say, God has no obligation because you're led by your own whims, your own desires. The test of Christianity is always, will you stay with the word of God? Look at what Jesus said. He says, "Then said Jesus to those Jews which believed on him." He didn't say, "You got it." He said, "If you continue in my word, then are you my disciples indeed." It's an if then statement. It's used in software. If there's a certain condition meant, then something's going to happen or something is. And he says, "If you continue in my word," that word continue means abide. The literal translation is if you abide in my word. If you get in my word and you stay in my word, you stay with my word. That's when you're really my disciples. It's not when you believed, it's when you abide. Lots of people believing, not many people abiding today. Why? You got to put your very life into the living word. It's into Christ. It's a journey. It's a constancy. It's a daybyday abiding in Christ. That's what makes us his disciple. Amen. And that requires, church, the person of Christ, not just the letter. It requires the spirit. That's the life. That's the only way you can abide. To abide, you have to be alive. And 1 Corinthians 12 says there's only one way to abide in him and that's by one spirit. You are baptized into that body. It's not a creed. It's not a doctrine. It's not a message. It's not a prophet. It is the living word Jesus Christ living inside of you. Amen. I know people that have chased and I'm related to some of them that have chased every gift, every new ministry, every new movement seeking something. And you know where they are today? sitting at home doing nothing. It did nothing for them. They were in the laughing revival. They were in the rolling revival. They were in the shouting revival. They were in the tongues revival. They were in this revival and that one. Year after year, decade after decade, sincere as all get out, but seeking something that would satisfy and hold them when they left the church, when they went home. And what do they have today? They're great citizens, wonderful people. and so far outside the word of God, they don't know which way is up or down. It's a shame. It's a shame. Why? Because they're seeking something that'll make them feel good, that'll satisfy their intellectuality to make them feel the elite, special, something to hold on to rather than something that would hold them. Church, I can't hold myself. I need something holding me. And that's only Christ, the word living inside of me by the Holy Spirit. They were looking for a community. I remember in Edmonton I I was I was traveling a lot with a sales manager and we were working together. He was sales. I was technical. We were a good team. Had a lot of good talks and chats. And we were coming back from Fort McMurray one day and he says he said, "John," he says, "what, you go to church." He says, "What kind of church do you have?" He says, "My wife and I were looking for a new church." So I didn't tell him what kind of church we had. I said, "Why are you looking for a new church?" He says, "Because they had a drag show at our church last week." I said, "That's horrible. You do need a new church." I says, "What do you want in a new church?" She says, "I want a community of good people." I said, "Don't come to our church." You say, "Why did you say that, Brother John?" I said, "Because we're not a community of good people." I said, "We're a group of people that take the word of God above everything else and we live by it in our day-to-day lives." We are not a community. There are people looking for community. Church, we're not a community. It comes with it by God's grace. But if you're coming for community, all you'll get is community. But I said, what we do is we focus on the word of God as the full authority in our lives. I said, if you want that, come to our church. But I said, if you're just looking for some nice people, I said, there's better churches for you. That's what I said. He never did come. Why? He wasn't looking to abide with Christ. He was looking to hang around with good people. All that is is dead religion, church. It's death, self-will. It's self-deceit. Won't do good. Won't do a good thing for you except make you a good citizen on this fallen earth. Lots of good, sincere Christians and they're dead in their trespasses because they won't take the full word. We can't We think it can't be in our midst. We think I there's no way that church is that way or this church is that way. But look at Jesus now. He's talking to the priests of that day. He's talking to the ministry. He says, "This people drawth nigh unto me with their mouth and honorth me with their lips, but their heart is far from me. They're saying the right thing. They're doing the right thing, but on the inside, they're not really for me." He says, "But in vain they do worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men." Notice their worship is sincere, but it is in vain. He didn't say, "You're not worshiping." He said, "Your worship is not accepted." He's not talking to atheists. He's talking to professing believers and he says their worship is in vain. The literal meaning there is serves no purpose. It is folly. It is futility. And then it says it is the hollowess that occurs when humanity supplants divine instruction. In other words, the hollowess that comes when we take away God's word and we put in our own. That's what their worship is. He didn't say it wasn't worship. He says it has no impact on God. It's not even received. Why church? He's not there. He left the building. When they left the word, Christ went with it. That's where he is. He's outside the door. Kabot is written over the door. The glory of the Lord has departed. He's no longer there. Amen. In other words, it doesn't do anything for God and it has no effect on God because they're not worshiping him. They're worshiping a God of the word that they preach, which is a twisted gospel, which is a satanic gospel. I know this is hard this morning, but it's your Bible. It's your Bible. The Bible's hard. Remember we said, "Few there be that find the way. Many go. Broad is the way that leadth to destruction." The way, listen, people think they're going to heaven and they're going to hell. And that's the majority. That's what the scripture says. That's what the scripture says. Amen. What happens? He says, "You've replaced the word with your own doctrine, your own commandments, your own idea of spirituality, your own proof of what makes you a Christian, your own signs, your own wonders, your own preferences. They've got their own god of their own making, and he's a pretended God. And there's only one pretended God, and that's Satan. God has left the building. He's outside the church. They threw him out." Jesus would continue and say this. Now he's speaking to the Pharisees. Okay? Why do you not understand my speech? He says, "Even because you cannot hear, you cannot understand my word. You are of your father, the devil." He says, "And the lust of your father ye will do." What is the lust of Satan? I will. I will. I will. It's to elevate yourself above God. Okay. Self-will and it stops at nothing to achieve what it wants and it'll destroy anything that gets in its way. He said he was a murderer from the beginning. Who's the original murderer? Cain. Was Cain a worshipper? Yeah. Cain brought his sacrifice to the altar and it was excellent. You know what? It wasn't accepted. It's not about excellence. It is about giving what God wants you to give. That's it. There's only one accepted place of worship. We've heard the message. There's only one accepted place of worship and that is under the shed blood. Amen. It's the bleeding word. It's the only place. Amen. He says he was a murderer from the beginning and abode not in the truth. Remember he says if you abide in me, if you continue in me, he says he didn't abide in me. He abodeed not in the truth because there is no truth in him. There's nothing in him to receive it. He says when he speaketh a lie, he speaketh of his own for he is a liar and the father of it. Satan's message, Satan's gospel is a lie. It's a gospel, but it's a false gospel. It's not based on the it's it's based on the word. That's the subtlety of it. That's the scariness of it. is he's preaching out of the same Bible I'm preaching out of this morning, but it's twisted. Remember, we read that quote last service. A word misplaced changes the whole picture. One word. Satan changed one word. He added one word. Thou shalt not. Satan tried, you know, Satan tried to preach the gospel to Jesus. It is written. It is written. And how did Jesus defeat him? He used the full word. It is also. It is also. And what was Jesus? What was his offer? Remember, he offered Jesus three things. He offered him self- glory. Prove yourself. Right? He offered him self-preservation. Throw yourself off and save yourself. And then he offered him pain avoidance. If you worship me, I'll give you all the kingdoms and you don't have to die. Self- glory, self-preservation, personal gain. That's the gospel of Satan. church. Look at who Christ is talking to. He's talking to church members. He's talking to ministers. He's talking to the Pharisees. Remember we preach Pharisee means set aside. They were the supposed elite church members. They were the best of the best of the church. They would be the brother Gerald's and the brother Bobs and the brother Marks, the elders of the church. The best of the best. Couldn't lay a finger on their lives. Perhaps that's who he's talking to. sincere by all appearances. By all appearances. Amen. And they they'd say, "Listen, we're Abraham's children. We are the direct descendants of the elected of God." And he says, "Sorry, you're of your father, the devil." Because you're doing the works of the devil. You're doing the works of Cain, not the works of Abraham. He says, "You are like whited sephilers, whited tombs." He says, "You're all glowing and clean on the outside and full of dead men's bones on the inside." Church members, sincere people, people that were raised right, taught right, sincere, at least on the outside, living separated lives. And yet they had believed a lie. And they were preaching their own gospel. Remember when Jesus preached, they said, "He's not like the ministers that preach without authority." They had no authority. It was all up here. It was all reasoned. It was all I will. It was all drawing people to them. It was all blinding people. It was a blind leading the blind. I don't know if you noticed this. Blind people don't have a whole lot of authority. They don't because they can't go anywhere. Can't do anything without somebody else leading them. We read this last service. Not everyone that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven. But who will? He that doeth the will of my father which is in heaven. So that spirit of Satan didn't just start in the gentile church. It started right back in the Jewish church. It started with Cain. And if we had time, we won't this morning. It went from Cain to Nimrod. And it came all the way up through all those different generations. And what was it? It was a spirit of self-will. What I do, God will accept. The way I do it will preserve us, will save us, will keep us, give us influence. And every single time, what did it end up in? Destruction. Destruction. Destruction. Then it comes down. See, the thing is, Satan in his raw form is easy to discern. Nobody's sitting around saying drugs are great. Even those that use them don't say they're great. They see the raw element of Satan in drugs. less so maybe in alcohol, smoking, these different things. But in the raw form, Satan's easy to see because you can see the destruction that follows. You don't have to look very far. But it's the subtle Satan that we're wondering about because he comes in a religious form and it's always been a religious form. It's those two vines, remember, that are growing side by side and you're trying to figure out which one is which. We know the obvious. I trust nobody in here is smoking and drinking and doing drugs and cussing and doing all those things. We know we've been taught. We ought to know better. We ought not to be doing those things. But it's the subtlety that we've got to be looking out for because Satan comes, remember, as an angel of light with supposed revelation. And that's what's going to trip us up. And it's always tied to what our flesh enjoys or our natural inclinations. Catch that now. It's not always about enjoyment. Sometimes it's about what we don't enjoy. And we say, "Well, that's of God." It may or may not be. Depends what the word says. Listen, some things I just don't like because I don't like them. Has nothing to do with me being a Christian. I just don't like them. And we can take that and we can project it and that can be satanic because we turn it into a part of our belief system and we start putting people in and out or up and down based on what they think about that certain thing. Paul says this. He says, "But what I do, that will I do that I might cut off occasion from them which desire occasion that wherein they glory they may be found even as we." Makes no sense. Let me give you it. It says, "But I'm going to continue to do what I'm doing." This is Paul now. He says, "I want to contradict the claims of the people who want to be treated like they are the same as us because of what they brag about." These are self-professed apostles that said we were part of the original group. He said they want to be treated like those of us that really are apostles. He says, "And it's based on what they say, not what other people are saying about them. It's a self-affirming gospel. I'm an apostle. I'm this. I'm that. I have this ministry. I have this gift. He says it's all about what they're saying about themselves. He says, "For such are they're apostles, all right, but they're false apostles." He says they're workers, but they're deceitful workers transforming themselves into the apostles of Christ. He says, "And no marvel, for Satan himself is transformed into an angel of light." He says, "Therefore, it's no great thing. It's no big surprise if his ministers, his ministers also be transformed as the ministers of righteousness, whose end shall be according to their works." He says, "Listen, Satan can appear as an angel of light, as an angel of revelation." He says, "So, it's no wonder his ministers are going to come in behind and they're going to be preaching a gospel that seems to be light, that seems to be liberty, that seems to be good, that seems to be righteous, all of these things." He says, "But their end shall be according to their words." What do they do? They sow the wind and they reap a whirlwind. It grows into something that destroys them. But what do they do in the meantime? They're gathering people and influence and money and popularity and all these things. Three men's, three things get a minister. Money, women, popularity. And you know what happens to virtually all of these ministers? They fall to women, money, and popularity. They fall to their own gospel. It's a shame. It seems like every week now we've got one more bigname preacher falling by the wayside. Money, women, popularity. Why? Cuz that's what they've been preaching. And they're reaping what they're sowing. They're reaping the destructive nature of their false gospel. What a shame. What a slap in the face. Listen to this. Shall a trumpet be blown in the city? Satan has his ministers. Keep that in mind. Shall a trumpet be blown in the city and the people not be afraid? And shall there be evil in a city and the Lord has not done it? He says, "Surely the Lord God will do nothing, but he revealth his secret unto his servants, the prophets." And we said, "Amen." But listen to this. He says, "The lion hath roared. Who will not fear? The Lord God has spoken. Who can but prophesy? So this is the spirit of the Lord speaking through Amos. And it equates a lion roaring to a man prophesying. In other words, the preaching of the word, the prophesying of the word is a lion roaring. That's what it means. That's what it it represents. It represents these ministers, these gifted men, these called men, these anointed men. But Brown would say, "John went forth as a roaring lion. He was a preacher." But watch now how Satan comes because Peter says, "Be sober, be vigilant, because your adversary, the devil, as a roaring lion, walketh about seeking whom he may devour." So Satan comes as a roaring lion. He is not the roaring lion. Christ is the lion of Judah. He's the one that roars. He's the one that people fear. But Satan comes in mimicking a lion. He is not a lion, but he's trying to pretend he's a lion. And he does it as a roaring lion. He does it what? preaching his gospel. He comes with his ministers trying to preach a different word than what Paul preached. Amen. Christ has a five-fold ministry according to the book of Ephesians chapter 4, I believe. And guess what? Satan's got his own five-fold false ministry as well, in every one of those positions. False prophets, false pastors. Buck talk the scripture talks about false pastors, apostles. Paul just talked about them. Evangelists and false teachers. Absolutely. We see it all throughout scriptures. We see it all throughout today. Amen. They're roaring out. Thus sayeth the Lord. They're roaring out. This is what the word says, but they're not preaching a full word. They're preaching a partial word or a twisted word, a misplaced word, but they're preaching the word. That's what I want you to catch this morning. Amen. What is it? It's just like those prophets of Ahab. They sold themselves out for influence and willingly accepted a lying spirit. And they are anointed, but they're false vessels. And it produces the very thing they're talking about. They're preaching, but it's not the word of God. It's a gospel of lies. It's a misplaced word, as we read last service. And some of it is so close to the truth. It's so close, but it doesn't quite get there. And that's where the fall always happens. He says the devil's gone about like a roaring line falsely accusing and impersonations falsely accusing. You know what Paul said? He says in the way that is called heresy worship by God. People are saying Paul you're in a cult. Guess what? They say the same thing today. Why? Because they're trying to get mainstream to be the gospel. And it's not never will be, never has been. Many are called, few are chosen, few there be that find the way to eternal life. It's a small group. It's going to be called heresy. That's scriptural. It's going to be called heresy. It's not going to be what everybody's preaching, what everybody's believing. Why? Because they've had 2,000 years of the gospel being twisted and manipulated by a self-willed spirit that's produced 30,000 Christian denominations that take the name of Christ, but he's not in their midst. He doesn't provide for them. He doesn't lead them. He doesn't guide them. They've just claimed his name. Scripture says they're going to come, seven women will come in that day to a man and they're going to say, "Listen, we don't want anything from you except your name to take away our reproach." And the scripture never says he gave it. They took it. They took it. He never gave his name. He gives his name to his bride. But they take it and they say, "We are his bride as well." They're not. They've taken his name. They've stolen it. It's blasphemous names. As we've talked a little bit about last service, what's the result of all this? Religious people, sincere people deceived. That's it. Foolish virgins. Virgins, but foolish because they don't have the oil. They don't have the Holy Spirit. We'll see how we get there as we start to close this morning. Listen to this. This know also that in the last days perilous time shall come. Are we in the last days? Are we in the last days? If we're in the last days, this is our scripture. Okay, notice it says perilous times shall come. That word perilous means fierce, dangerous, difficult, violent, furious, hard to bear. That's what we're dealing with. Does it seem like life is speeding up? Things are just happening one after another. Dominoes are falling quickly. The world is falling apart. And we know it. We see it day by day. The news is filled with it. People's hearts are full of fear. I can't believe speaking with co-workers how fearful they are. And the thing is they've caught what's happening. They just don't understand the root cause. But they see it falling. They see it breaking, don't they, brother Matt? And you talk to them and you're not scared. And they're wondering why you're not scared. I ain't going to be here. This world is not my home. I'm just the passing through. Hallelujah. We're not worried about it. Brother Joe, I hope you don't mind me repeating you. He said, "Bring it on. Let's get this over with so we can get out. Let everything crash and burn. Let them take our businesses, take our employment, take our money, take our houses. Even so, come, Lord Jesus. We're ready to get out of here." &gt;&gt; I say, "Lord, let that be our heart's cry. Not what can I build up for tomorrow, but my house is waiting for me." Too often we're looking for tomorrow in this world rather than tomorrow in his presence. Shake ourselves. Shake ourselves this morning, church. What's going to make this last day perilous? For men shall be lovers of thems of their own selves. They're selfish. They're led by self-will. It's the original sin, self-will. It carries on to his church. They'll be covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy, without natural affection, trucebreakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good, traitors, heady, high-minded, lovers of pleasure more than lovers of selves. And we'd say, "Look, Brother John, I know a bunch of people like that. I'm surrounded by neighbors that are like this. It's obvious, Brother Joe, Brother John, we're here. We're here. We're here." But watch who these people are. He says, "Having a form of godliness. These are churchgoers." That's not the world. The world's always been like that. He says, "The perilous times is because in the church, you're going to have people just like this, having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof." He says, "From such turn away. Turn away." They're church people. professing Christians, he says, and they've got something that looks a little bit like godliness, but they don't have godliness. Why? Because they've denied the power of God. What do you do when you deny the power of God? You take his word and you explain it away. You explain it away. Amen. What is it? You tell people what they want to hear rather than what they need to hear. And you take away the power. People come in and what do we do? We pat him on the back and we say, "God loves you just the way you are." Yes, he does. That's why he wants to change you. But we say, "God loves you the way you are. Just sit in the church." Church, we're not looking for people to sit in the church. We're looking for people to go in glory with us. That we can shake hands over this word of God and let that be our fellowship, not just a community of good people. Amen. They have a portion of what looks like a Christian life, but it's only a portion. It's just a form. It's a shell. It's a hollow shell. Remember, we said that's what their worship is. It's the hollowess that that remains when humanity supplants divine instruction. It's a hollow shell. There's no life in it. But it's something. It's something. He says it's a pretense because they have no power. They can't overcome themselves. So, they can't preach an overcoming message. In other words, church, they cannot preach the true baptism of the Holy Spirit because they won't get it themselves. How can you preach what you don't have? They're preaching a gospel that lets them sit right where they stand in that moment in that day. What's a new birth? It's to die out to self. And you rise a new creation in Christ because you have his spirit living in you rather than your old spirit. That's what a new birth is. It's a dying out. But they can't die out. Therefore, they cannot have a new birth. They can preach they've got the Holy Ghost all day long because they went shabba daba daba doo. And guess what? That ain't it. because they've never been changed. They just had a tongue that's been loosed. It'll never do it. It'll never do it. Amen. It's the Holy Spirit that makes us Christlike, not some church doctrine or creed. So, what do they choose? They choose the creeds and doctrines that affirm where they're at rather than where the word's trying to get them to be. He says, "For of this sort are they which creep into houses and lead captive silly women laden with sins and led away with divers's lust." Now remember, a woman always represents a church. So these are people, ministries that come in and they find people that have the same desires as they have. And so they say, "Let's build a church. Let's start a church. Let's plant a seed." And what do they do? They build up something that's completely surrounded by self-will. God's not in it. What? Late him with sins and led away with lusts. Me, me, me. I will. I will. I want. I want. I want. I think. I think. That's what this church is built on. Amen. And it's consumed by them. I saw one guy the other day. His dad is a very well-known prosperity gospel preacher. And so he got up in front of his church. He says, "This is what I believe the Lord wants for this church." And he put up a multi-million dollar private jet. God's not looking for multi-million dollar private jets for his ministers. But what is it? He's got the spirit of his natural father who has the spirit of his spiritual father consumed by lusts. He wants to be what his daddy was. Look at what happens. He says they are ever learning. They're educated. They're intellectual. They're religious. But they are governed by self. And he says, "And because of this, they are never able to come to the knowledge of the truth." Close with this. He says, "And again, it is religious sin as at the beginning that is so deceitful." He says, "Watch it now. It's not just purely old everyday sin, committing adultery and getting drunk and using God's name in vain." He says, "That's not it. No, the harlot, she isn't going to be disappointed there." He's pointing to the end time. She knows where she's going. The drunkard isn't going to be disappointed there. The bootleger, the gambler, the liar, the thief. He's not going to be disappointed. He says, "But the man that thinks he's right." He says, "That's the disappointment." He says, "That's that fellow that will come and say,"Lord, haven't I preached the gospel? Have I not cast out devils in thy name?" And Jesus said, "Depart from me, you that work iniquity. I never knew you." He says, "There's the disappointment." See that deceitfulness? We're going to talk about that a little bit in the next service about how it comes in and how Satan weasles his way in by group think and self-affirmation. We'll see how he got into the New Testament church to the point where it drove Christ completely out of their lives and churches. Church, we need to be aware of where we're at, what we believe. that we're not just part of some message community, some Bible community, some Christian community, but that we've had our hearts changed, our lives have been reborn. Amen. That there's something on the inside that echoes this, not just something that we produced. Amen. God bless you this morning. You know, as I'm preaching this, because we identify the systems, not the people, the systems are what's wrong. Let's stand together if we would. We look at that and we think that we can't be fooled. But church, there are areas of our life where if we have self-will, Satan jumps right in there and he'll fool us time and time and time again. Amen. It's not the obvious that's going to hurt us anymore. It's the things that aren't so obvious. Amen. And it'll be a religious spirit that comes in and starts patting us on the back and saying, "Hey, you can do this. You know this. You know that. You're good enough for this. You're good enough for that. You can handle this. You can handle that. It's only one time. you know, all these different things and it comes in and what does he do? He plays on what God has done in our lives and that lets us take authority to ourselves to go contrary to what the word of God would say, what the spirit of God would say. Look at Satan's message today. It's all about self-affirmation. I listened to a guy, just a short clip, and he said, "We don't preach much of Paul anymore." He said, "Cuz Paul is my friend." You know what a friendmy is? It's a friend that's your enemy. It's like they're half friend, half enemy. And he said, "Paul is my friend because he says hard things in the worst possible way. This is a preacher, a homosexual, of course." And he says, "We don't preach Paul very much here anymore." He says, "And only in select areas where it's very clear what he's talking about." The funny thing is everything he says is clear. you just don't like it. And so what is it? Satan has come in on that man and he's patted him on the back and he says, "Hey, you're good. You desire to serve God. You're a minister of the gospel. You're getting up behind that pulpit. You're good the way you are. Don't worry about what that says, church. Every word. Every word. It's got to be every word or it ain't the word." I say, Lord, help us to apply the word in every part of our lives. Every part, not just the part the church sees, not just Sunday mornings and Wednesday nights, but let every part of our life be subject to his word. Amen. This isn't about a healthy lifestyle. There's hardship that comes with Christian living. It's not about community because it comes and goes. I've been there, done that. It's not about wealth. That's for sure. It's not about influence, not about popularity, but it's about one thing. Thy word is a lamp unto my feet and a light unto my path. The word of God has the preeminence and the spirit of God in us will make it live every time. Amen. I say, Lord, help his word to be the preeminence in our lives. Not some gospel that makes us feel good. Remember I said last service I said the antidote to this type of a spirit is to go to a church where the minister steps on your toes on a regular basis. Why? Because God chasens those he loves. He corrects. He teaches. And then he disciplines if we don't listen. Amen. If we're sitting at at home, if we're doing our own thing and preaching our own gospel to ourselves, church, that's never going to get us anywhere. We've got to go where God can correct us. He can teach us. He can help us to get where we need to go. Amen. &gt;&gt; God's grace to us. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, you know my heart, Lord. It's not to preach hard, Lord. But your truth is a double-edged sword. It cuts going in and it cuts coming out, Lord. But if we'll take it, it'll cut us in a way, Lord, that allows us to recover easily, Lord. It's clean, Lord. It's when we fight. It's when we twist. It's when we try and get away from it, that's when things get ugly. But Lord, when we can take the simplicity of your word and just let it be applied to our life, that's where the victory is, heavenly father. Lord, we don't want to shape your word to ourselves, but we want to be shaped by your word. Lord, we don't want to have a form of godliness. Lord, we want to be the mystery of godliness. Lord, it's Christ living in us. Lord, you're our hope and you're our glory. Lord, I pray you take these simple words, a simple message this morning, Lord, that you would quicken our hearts, Lord, not to look away, not to look outside, not to point to somebody else, Lord, but to recognize that these are perilous times and Satan is trying to get in. Lord, I pray you help us to check up this morning, Lord. That our lives will be lost in you, that we would abide in you day by day, Lord, as we continue in your word. Bless your people, Lord. Bless those that have come out this morning, set aside their day, Lord, their energy, Lord, to just come out and hear this simple gospel. Lord, I pray you'd just pour out upon them a special blessing each one. In Jesus Christ's name we pray it. Amen. The potter's hand 1273. Beautiful Lord, wonderful Savior. I know for sure that all of my days are held in your hands and crafted into your perfect land. Oh, you gently call me into your presence, guiding me by your Holy Spirit. Teach me, dear Lord, to live all my life through your eyes. And I'm captured by your holy calling. Set me aart. I know you're calling me to yourself. For me, Lord, I pray. Won't you take me, hold me, use me, fill me. I give my life to the potter's hand. [Music] So call me, guide me, lead me, walk beside me. I give my life to the father's hands. [Music] Beautiful Lord, wonderful Savior I know for sure. &gt;&gt; Held in your hands, crafted into your perfect plan. You gently call me into your presence, guiding me by your Holy Spirit. Teach me, dear Lord, to live up my life through your eyes. [Music] I'm captured by holy calling me. I know you're drawing me to yourself. Lead me, Lord, I pray. Oh, take me, hold me, use me, build me. I give my life to the potter's hand. [Music] Won't you call me? Guide me, lead me, walk beside me. My life to the potter's hands. You know, our assurance is not in our church attendance that we know the truth. We've heard the truth. Our assurance is that the scripture says that spirit would deceive the very elect if it were possible. In other words, it is impossible. But it's not because of us. It's because the word is already declared. We're going to make it. Amen. How? Because as he is the word, so are we the word. We're a word bride. We'll stay with the word no matter what. We may have our little dips. We may have our moments. Amen. But because we're his children, because we're his bride, he always brings us back to his word. That's why we can't be deceived. We're in his hands. Not in my hands. It's not my will. It's not my strength. It's not by trying or entrusting as we sing. Amen. But it's that he has elected us to make it through. That's our assurance. We're a people that resonate with the word to the point where we are the mystery of godliness revealed as Paul would say. Amen. We're going to sing that song. More of you, more of you. 759. Turn it over to brother Bob here. Amen. God bless you. Remember Cherylyn Piery? Amen. That's been weighing on my heart. And uh Atlanta talked to her a couple times and said, "Hey, we'll pray. We'll pray." But she hadn't hadn't really come back, but it's getting to a place where she needs it. Amen. So we're going to just trust the Lord. Commit it into his hands. Amen. Whoever would close service, please remember to pray for her. Amen. This condition of scaraderma, she's got it's a sentence of death. Amen. But when Jesus comes, &gt;&gt; every power is broken, &gt;&gt; every chains unlocked, &gt;&gt; disease defeated. Amen. If she could only come in where his word is preached and lay hold by faith. Amen. I believe she'd be cleansed every bit. So, let's remember her in prayer. Let's sing this. Amen. Let's sing it as a prayer. Amen. I've had a lot of things. I need more of him. Amen. Less of me, more of him, less of life, less of ambition, less of thinking about my future, and just more of him today. Amen. That'll get us through. Let's sing it. Oh, more of you. [Music] more of you. I've had it all, but what I need is more of you. All things I &gt;&gt; Amen. But yet I heartless empty and Lord hear my pray for you. Lord of you. &gt;&gt; Amen. Lord of you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. [Music] &gt;&gt; But what I need is more of you. Amen. things I have my will. Amen. But yeah, I hunger still. Hallelujah. Let me hear my prayer for Lord of you. I sing that again. One more hymn. All of you. Hallelujah. You &gt;&gt; I but what I need is more of you. Yes, Lord. Amen. Granted, Lord Jesus. I've had my will. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But yet I hunger still empty and Lord hear my prayer for all of you. &gt;&gt; I need you Lord. I need you right now. It's 11:29. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. &gt;&gt; Amen, Father. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Amen. Oh, praise the Lord. I lift my hands. I bow my knees to worship at your throne. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. I praise you for &gt;&gt; I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I need you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. I lift my hands and I bow my knees to worship at your throne. I need you Lord. I need you Lord right now. You know, it says in in the book of Revelation, he said that we're rich. The world is rich increased with goods and has need of nothing. But if you have everything, there's one thing you do need, and that's more of him. More of God. Praise the Lord. Let's sing 9:15. Greater is he that's in me than he that's in the world. On the day of Pentecost, a mighty rushing wave, it blew into the upper room and baptized all of them. Amen. With a power gater than any earthly form. I'm so all right. I've got it now. I'm going to let the whole world know. Amen. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, Satan light a rolling throwing to and from seeking whom he may divine. The Bible tells me so. Many souls have been prayed to fall in some rec. What God has promised us today is overcoming power. And greater is he that is in. Hallelujah. And greater is he that is in me. And greater is he that is in me than he that is in him. Satan like a roaring lion. Oh, Satan, like a roaring line, roaming to and fro, seeking whom he may devour. The Bible tells me so. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. If all is so we come but God has promised us today his overcoming power. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is Hallelujah. than he that is in the world. And greater is he. Amen. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Let's sing it to Let's sing it again. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is heal. Hallelujah. Greater is he that is Hallelujah than he that is in the world. Amen. I think it's 794. It's you're all I want. Yeah, that's it. Is in times like these, it's him we should be desiring. And again, as more and more of him, we want to be drawn so close to him that that people will see Christ in us. They'll know we've been with God. Amen. Draw me close to you. Amen. Never let me. [Music] Lay it all down his name that I'm your friend. Amen. &gt;&gt; You are my Amen. Hallelujah. No one else will do. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Nothing else can take your place. &gt;&gt; Amen. To feel the warmth of your embrace. Help me find way back. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. You're all I want. Amen. You're all I &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. Amen. You're all I want. Praise the Lord. Help me know you are near. Draw me close to you. Never let me go. Hallelujah. Again, here you say that I'm your friend. You are my Amen. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Nothing else will do. &gt;&gt; Nothing else can take your place. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Feel the warmth of your bra. Help me find a way. &gt;&gt; Yes. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. You're all I Amen. You're all my heavenly day. You're all praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Help me know you. I live. You're all I want. &gt;&gt; Amen. You're all I ever needed. &gt;&gt; You're all I want. Amen. Praise the Lord. Help me know you are near and you're all I want. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes. In your heart I want. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. Are you &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. Before we go, let's sing uh 9008. And uh it's above all and I ask brother Garfield if you'd come and close in prayer and remember to pray again for all those things that were mentioned especially for Sharon Piery. God's grace to her. Is it Sharon or Cherylyn? Cheryl, right? Yeah. Okay. Cherylyn Pierce. So I want to remember her. And may God just uh touch her in a very special way for her and her family. Amen. Above all powers, [Music] above all kings, above all nations and all creation, above all wisdom, all of you were here before the world began. Above all kingoms, above all, above all wonders this world has ever known. Above all wealth and treasures of the earth, there's no way to measure what your wordified, laid behind the stone, live to die, rejected. and alone like a rose trampled on the ground. [Music] Amen. and God of peace. Above all, above all powers, above all, above all nations and all creation, above all wisom and all the ways of man, you were here before the world began. Above all, above all, above all, &gt;&gt; this world is ever known. &gt;&gt; Amen. Above all wealth and treasures on the earth, there's no way to measure one. &gt;&gt; Amen. Laid behind the stone. Live to die. rejected and alone like a ro trample on the ground. You took the fall and thought of me crucified laid behind the stone. delay. Amen. &gt;&gt; Rejected and alone like a horse on the ground. You took the ball and thought of me. Thank you, Lord. Above all, Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Lord we love you Lord. We love you Lord. We love you Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh God, we come with humble hearts before your presence. One more time Lord we are grateful for the abundant grace that you have given us in this end time Lord. Lord a time such as this Lord God in which we can call upon your name. And Lord God, we can come seeking after you, Lord, believing, Lord God, that Lord God, you're very attentive to the call and the hearing of your people, Lord God. And surely this evening, Lord God, it's not because we're good this evening, but God, because of your grace, Lord, we're able to stand, Lord. Lord God, the greatest we can do this evening, Lord God, we is to surrender it all to you, Lord. Hallelujah. Lord God, we cannot defend ourself against this enemy. Lord, we we are no match for him. Lord God, Lord God, we cannot fight. We cannot overcome without you, Lord God. Lord God, with all our best effort, Lord God, it it results in weakness and failure. But Lord God, you have called us in this time to trust you, Lord. Oh God. And Lord God, we're willing to surrender now, Lord God. That you will come on the scene, Lord God. And that you'll use us, Lord God, for your glory. And and that your presence, Lord God, will be the reality in which we walk and live. Oh God, may you come on the scene, Lord God. Lord God, may you come, Lord God, Father God, with overcoming strength, Lord God, with healing virtues and and power, Lord God, that can overcome, Lord God, the greatness of the hour. Lord, we see this evening, Lord God. Lord God, the greatest challenge that we have, Lord God, is our own self-will. Lord God, we we fight ourself. We contend with our our desires, Lord. the things that we are drawn into, Lord God, the thing that seems so important to us, Lord. And so, God, we give so much of oursel to these things, Lord God. And Lord God, and there's an enemy that stands behind there, Lord God, that pulls us in whenever time, Lord God, we are so surrendered to these things. And oh God, Lord, Lord God, you see exactly where we are, the things that besets us, Lord. Lord, we ask Lord God that your Holy Spirit Lord God will come Lord with the anointing of your presence Lord God to break our will Lord God to change the form of our desire may oh God there's so much of us oh God of the desire of us in you Lord God of Father to pull more of you in us Lord God and that we will see you Lord the re experience you Lord God as never before oh God may the virtue your strength Lord God be the guide to our lives and help us Lord God. Father, show us Lord God how Lord God we may live and overcome in such an hour as this Lord and may you bless us Lord God as Paul said with all spiritual blessing in heavenly places in Christ Jesus Lord God we're desiring Lord God of your hands this evening Lord God as our sister Lord God hallelujah Father God the request has been made Father God for her this evening Lord oh hallelujah Lord Lord the doctors as gave They've given their pronunciation and Lord God Lord they have reached their limit Lord God and Lord we know Lord God but the limit of man hands Lord God will produce uh oh God such an effect but Lord God but you gave us your word the reassurance Lord God that this bride whenever she comes together Lord God and she believe the word to believe the promise oh God that faith in your promise Lord God reproduce Lord God the product Lord God the substance Hallelujah. Oh God. The virtues that is needed Lord God to bring oh God a supernatural change. Oh God father we act to the stepping on the scene. Oh God we're hurt the hands of fail. We're hurt and knowledge as as hallelujah. The limitation. Oh God may you comfort in mercy. Lord oh God comfort by your grace. And Lord God we stand in the gap for our friend and our sister this evening. Oh God, may this be a testimony, Lord God, for her, Lord God, that someone had prayed for her, oh God, and by faith believing uh Lord God, the promise, Lord God, it bring forth a change. Uh Lord God, have mercy, Lord. Uh where Lord God, soliciting your mercy this evening, that you will come on the scene, Lord God, and and touch our God. Hallelujah. And all that is standing this evening, Lord God, Father, in need of your hands, Lord. Oh God, whether for salvation, whether for healing, whether Oh God, for overcoming. Uh Lord God, your promises are real this evening. Uh and Lord God, you're more than able, Lord God, to grant the petition that we ask. Uh Lord God, bless your people, Lord. We humbly ask, Lord God, not because we want to be great, Lord God, to sound, oh God. Uh h Lord God, different from anyone else, but but Lord God, we want to present a living God. God Lord, a living reality, a living experience, uh, Lord God, a living walk. Uh, hallelujah, Lord God, that someone will know that the God in whom we we are testifying, Lord, in all that we are doing, oh God, it's real, Lord, it's real. It's a real God, a real experience, a real Hallelujah. A real power, a real change, a real God that is alive among your people. And so God, we put it all in your hands this evening, oh God, that your grace be extended. Grant it, Lord. be asked in Jesus Christ's precious name. And we say amen and amen. Praise God. Amen. Praise God. [Music] Remember? [Music] I'm glory. [Music] You might know you. Oh, we come around with Forever. Worthy is glory. is you are all my love praise. Thank you for your love. and you walk away. Wash me in your soul. How are your forgiveness on the cross? We crown you now with many ground the treasure of heaven. Heaven worthy is worthy [Music]
