################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-27 - 20250727 - The Token Life Pt 71 - An Echo Chamber Gospel Pt 5 - Bro Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-27
Title:    20250727 - The Token Life Pt 71 - An Echo Chamber Gospel Pt 5 - Bro Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 41m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_2S4Z5GBJXQ
========================================

Description:
Quotes and Scriptures: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1H4hzHhSXSjk0B5RtcgIJFHzzWv16pRYW/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hello. Oh. Hey, hey, hey. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Hey. Hey, hey, hey. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Thank you. to worship you. When I look into your holyness, [Music] when I gaze into your lovelyness, when all things that surround me become shadows in the light of you, When I found the joy of reaching your heart, where my will becomes enthroned in your love. When all things that surround me become shadows in the light of you and I worship you. I worship you. The reason I live is to worship you. I worship you. [Music] I worship you. The reason I live man is to worship. When I look into your holiness, when I gaze into your lovelyness, when all things that surround me become shadows in the light of you when I found the joy of reaching your heart where my will becomes enthroned in your love. When all things that surround, we become shadows in the light of you. I worship you. I worship you. The reason I live is to worship you. I worship you. [Music] I worship you. The reason I live is to worship you and I worship you. I worship you. The reason I live is to worship you. I worship you. I worship you. The reason I live is to worship you. Amen. Welcome everyone here this morning. It's a small crowd. We've got people traveling. Um and just folks not here this morning. I want to pray for uh just an update, I guess, on brother Matt and the family. They arrived safely in Ohio earlier this uh late last week. So, thank the Lord for that and just pray that they get a a good rest while they're away. We also want to uh just keep brother Mark in prayer that uh the work he had done on his heart. We just trust him that'll that'll hold. Uh for Sher Lynn Piery, we just want to continue to hold her up in prayer. It really has an urgent prayer request. uh such a serious uh condition and we just pray grace to her and for her soul. Uh Jensen is homesick today, not not feeling well. So grace to him, brother Dale and Sister Lorie, grace to them and continue to keep them in prayer. Brother David, the needs that that he mentioned and Sister Cordella, Brother Nelson Guy, Jr. want to pray grace to him and uh any other needs just hold it on your heart. I'm going to ask uh brother David to open in a word of prayer. Let's sing that one. Um 11:20. I give my mind. [Music] I give my mind [Music] completely to you, Lord. Fill me with your thoughts. Make it all brand new. Change my life. Let me live in all that's true. I just want to be like you. Change me and mold me. Teach me to be still. Lead me and guide me. Show me your perfect will. I give my mind completely to you, Lord. Fill me with your thoughts. Make it all brand new and change my life. Let me leave in all that's true. I just want to be like you. Change me and mold me. Teach me to be still. will lead me and guide me. Show me your perfect will. I give my mind completely to you, Lord. Fill me with your thoughts. Make it all brand new and change my life. Man, let me live in all that's true. I just want to be like you. [Music] [Music] Blessed Lord, we just pause Lord to thank you Lord that we're able to come here oh God to hear your word once again. Just praying that Lord as we hear your word Lord that we'll bow ourselves down Lord to the dust of which became acknowledging Lord that we are nothing without you Lord and Lord this life is a battle Lord and more reason mighty God to come here Lord to hear from you today that you will feed us with your word Lord for your word Lord is power and is life is what you fought the enemy with Lord when your air upon the earth in the wilderness Lord when Satan came upon you Lord tempted you three times Lord even Lord used your word but you counteracted Lord thus sayeth the Lord Lord against him Lord so we come to you you now Lord looking to increase your word in us Lord we may fight the enemy Lord is our only weapon mighty God we have the The only way Lord we can be true warriors Lord and overcome the enemy Lord is by your word Lord. So Lord, we just ask your grace Lord to Jonathan comes here Lord to speak today that you'll speak through him Lord for us Lord that we may grow to be better Christians mighty God better warriors Lord for you to overcome the things of the world Lord and the enemy the devil Lord and I guess Lord our worst enemy is ourselves Lord that was mighty God to put the obstacles of life Lord to hinder us Lord in our walk with you under our feet, Lord, that we may walk with you, Lord, and worship you better, Lord, and do, Lord God, only those things that please you. Help us, mighty God. We pray there are things, Lord, to overcome in this world, Lord. We have things in our life, Lord, that needs to deal with. Lord, your prophet said, Lord, we need to, Lord, get rid of Hix's baggage, Lord. We're supposed to get aboard the ship Zion, Lord, and sail into the the great horos Lord of heaven. But in that ship, Lord, there's no extra baggage. There's nothing to hinder us, Lord, in our walk with you. So bless each one now, Lord, if you come here, Lord, today, Lord, that no one will leave her, Lord, but you give a blessing. anyone that will be here Lord that is weak Lord or tired Lord or pain Lord or sickness or depression anything Lord that anyone with Lord I pray you would take it away and let your spirit oh God coming with us Lord and glow on the inside Lord to lift us up Lord in heavenly places Lord to worship you now Lord let's just give ourselves totally into your hands Lord abandon ourselves oh God into your hands Lord that you have complete control Lord for that is the answer Lord Lord for a perfect walk with you Lord is to let you have full control of our lives. So help us Lord to do it Lord. So bless us each one now mighty God and bless us more important than anything else Lord with your Holy Spirit. We need a double portion Lord to walk off the earth. Help us mighty God I pray Lord to come to that place Lord where we have total rapturing faith Lord and even more than this Lord this divine perfect agaping love that is spoken of in your word Lord without this divine love Lord even rapturing faith is not going to work. So help us mighty God I pray to love one another as you love us Lord and above all Lord may we all love you all this into your hands almighty God Jesus Christ's name amen number 54 together again [Music] we're together again Just praising the Lord. We're together again in one accord. Something good is going to happen. Something good is in God's word. We're together again. Just praising the Lord. We're together again just praising the Lord. We're together again in one accord. Something good is going to happen. Something good is in God's word. We're together again just praising the Lord. We're together again just praising the Lord. We're together again. It one accord. Something good is going to happen. Something good is in God's word. We're together again. Just praising the Lord. One more time. We're together again. Just praising the Lord. We're together again. Eat one accord. Something good is going to happen. Something good is in God's word. We're together again. Just praising the Lord. Amen. Let's sing at 293. I've been changed. I don't think I've led this song before. So work with me. [Music] I I think I know it until I get up here. And I sometimes I realize I don't. So [Music] I've been changed. I've been reborn. All my life has been rearranged. What a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God, has been changed. I've been to the water and I've been baptized. I'm washed in the blood of the lamb. I've been changed from the creature that I once was and redeemed is now my name. I've been changed. I've been reborn. All my life has been rearranged. My thank you Lord. What a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God, has been changed. Though my sins were scarlet, they're white as snow. I was bound, but today I'm free. I was lost in the darkness, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. M. Thank you, Lord. I've been changed. Oh, I've been reborn. on. All my life has been rearranged. What a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God, has been changed. Oh, I've been changed. I've been glory. Thank you, Lord. All my life has been rearranged. What a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life. Praise God has been changed. When at last in his presence I stand up above. He will wipe every tear from my eyes. And I'll thank him for giving a rich like me a new home beyond the sky. Man, oh, I've been changed. I've been reborn. Glory. All my life has been rearranged. What a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God, has been changed again. Oh, I've been changed. I've been reborn. All my life has been rearranged. What a it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God, has been changed. Though my sins were as scarlet, they're white as snow. I was bound, but today I'm freeman. I was lost in the darkness, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. Thank you, Lord. I've been changed. Oh, I've been reborn. All my life has been rearranged. What a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God, I've been changed. And at last, in his presence, I stand up above. He will wipe every tear from my eyes. And I'll thank him for giving a rich like me a new home beyond the sky. Oh, I've been changed. I've been reborn. All my life has been rearranged. What a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God, has been changed. I've been changed. I've been reborn. All my life has been rearranged. What a it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life. Praise God. Has been changed. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's sing 266. The great emancipator. Once my heart and soul were fed by the B mountain. Thank you Lord. Hope the great emancipator. He set me free. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Oh glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Blessed be my name. He's a great man. That's the song of the redeemed. Like a lost lamb I was drifting. Oh, so helpless and alone. of the seeking shepherd found me. L me to my father's home. Glory. Thank you, Lord. Glory, glory, hallelujah. There simp [Music] once my heart and soul were fed. Better by the binding change of sin, but the great demand not to ignore glory. [Applause] Amen. I'm singing glory, glory, hallelujah. Bless be. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. Oh, he's the great manator. as a song of the redeemed. Like a lost lamb, I was drifting. Oh, so helpless and alone. The seeking shepherd found me. He led me to my father's home. Singing glory, glory, hallelujah. Blessed be his holy name. He's a great emanipator. That's the song of the redeemed. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Blessed be his holy name. He a great emanator. That's the song of the redeemed. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's sing uh number 77. Thou art worthy. Thou art worthy. Let's stand. Thou art worthy. Thou art worthy, oh Lord, man to receive glory and glory. Glory and honor and power. For thou hast ced, has all things created. Thou hast created all things [Music] for thy pleasure. They are created. Man, our worthy were man. Sing it again. Oh, thou are worthy and worthy. Thou unworthy, oh Lord, to receive glory, glory and honor, glory and honor and For thou hast created, has all things created. Thou hast created all things. [Music] And for thy pleasure they are created. For thou art worthy, oh Lord, for thou, oh for thou hast cated, hast all things cated. Thou hast created all things [Music] for thy pleasure. They are created. Thou art in your Lord. One more time. Thou art worthy. Thou are worthy. Oh, thou worthy. Thou art worthy, oh Lord. Oh, to receive gloryy, gloryy and honor, gloryy and honor and power. For thou hast created, hast all things created. Thou hast created all things. them for thy pleasure. They are created. Thou art worthy, oh Lord. Yes. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Lord, we're here to worship you again this morning, Lord. Scripture says, "For thou art worthy to loose the seals and to open them, Lord." And it's to claim your bride. It's to claim your inheritance. It's to claim your possession. And Lord, we're a part of that this morning. And we're not here by our choosing, Lord. But we're here of your choosing and of your making, Lord. The glory belongs to you. The honor belongs to you. The power belongs to you, Lord. And we're just receiving your grace this morning, Lord. That'll take us up into heavenly places once again, Lord. Thank you for your goodness, Lord. Thank you for this beautiful day. Thank you for this beautiful people that have gathered, Lord, to hear your word once again this morning to lift up your name, Lord. To give back a little of what you've given us throughout our days and our weeks, heavenly father. Lord, once again, we ask you to bless us with your word, Lord. May you just reveal yourself to us, Lord. Open our eyes to see more of you this morning. We pray, Lord, for as we see more of you, we can reflect more of you, Lord. Help us to step a little higher. We ask in Jesus Christ's name we're praying it. Amen. And amen. And God bless you. Turn if you would to Proverbs. We'll start in ver chapter 14. Proverbs 14. Amen. Good to see everyone. Good to have a beautiful day after the the rain. We needed the rain, but I'll tell you, we need sunshine more than rain in Newfoundland. Amen. I'm willing to go into drought conditions to get us ready for the fall and the winter. Amen. But I sure appreciate it. Amen. Remember Jensen? He's homesick this morning. He got sick yesterday afternoon. And he's been in bed most of the time just kind of laying around and whatnot. And that's not like Jensen if you know him. So we want to remember him. Jonathan left yesterday to go to British Columbia for camp there. Uh and then he's going to visit mom afterwards. So remember him. And then brother Matt and Sister Amber have gone away. Amen. I'm just praying the Lord will give them a wonderful time of rest. Brother Matt works hard. He works hard in his day job and then he works hard in his uh his service here in the church between the audio visual and the deaconing and all these different things. So I'm just trusting the Lord will give them a wonderful blessing while they're away. They're going to be going to one of the family camps as well. Selena will be leaving, I think, in a in a week or two to to also go there as well. So, we just want the Lord to just bless us in his word. Amen. Not just with peace and rest. Amen. But to help us grow in those things and that when we take time away, we could be closer to God when we come back. Amen. God bless you. Proverbs 14. And we're going to actually start in verse 15, not 16, if that's okay. It says this, "The simple believeth every word, but the prudent man lookth well to his going." In other words, the prudent man looks what's coming ahead if he makes this decision. He doesn't just believe that the person says that it's good or it's right or it's for him, but he looks ahead and he says, "Where is this taking me?" And that's when he decides, is it good or is it bad? And now this is our our primary scripture. He says, "A wise man fearthth." That word fears mean is morally reverent. He says, "But and departeth from evil." He says, "But the fool rages rageth and is confident." I want us to just look at for a moment here that we're that phrase says, "Rages and is confident." Because you look around today, there's a lot of people raging. There's they're raging so much they're frothing at the mouth. So many times they're completely obsessed with their agendas and their ideas and these different things. But that's not what this word means here. This word rage means to take away, to transgress, or do away with. And it's speaking of a person that's taking away something that is set over them. It's taking away authority, control. It's taking away uh the the direction of law and of an absolute. And it's walking all over what has been declared to be right and moral. Amen. The first portion of the verse sets this up because it says, "A wise man, he reveres God's instruction." Amen. But a fool walks all over. We've heard that that saying, a fool walks with hobnailed shoes where angels fear to tread. This is what this really means. Amen. Is that fools dismiss the instruction of God and they walk all over it and they're confident in their disobedience. They're confident in it. Amen. They're self assured that they are in the right. Now, let's turn back two chapters to Proverbs 12 and verse 15. And it says, 'The way of a fool is right in his own eyes, but he that hearkeneth unto counsel is wise. And there's this great trap that we're facing today. And it's it's really the focus of our service is that the problem with a fool is he always thinks he's right. Amen. He always thinks he's right. He's always confident that he's right. Amen. But notice the contrast to a wise person. It's a person that can listen to counsel. a person that says, "I don't actually know it all and it's good for me to listen, not just talk all the time." Amen. Amen. It says, if you look in the book of Judges, we've talked about this before. It says that every man did that which was right in his own eyes. We could write that and say, "And every man was a fool." Because you do that which is right in your own eyes. That's what a fool does. That which is right in your own eyes. Amen. We do what we feel is right. We do what we think is right. But what they didn't do is they didn't check it with the word. And so that's what made them a fool. Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats this morning. Amen. And I'm going to take a final service. Hold your applause. A final service. God bless you, brother Mark and Sister Moren. Welcome back. Glad to see you made it. Had a wonderful time. You're smiling, happy, looking rested. So, God bless you. Amen. Trusting everyone else comes back equally rested. Amen. God bless you. And uh it's good we've got a backup now. It's wonderful to have Sister Priscilla that can just step in and and do that. Amen. So, we didn't we didn't lose too much when you went away, except your presence, of course. Amen. But I want to take this a final service on an echo chamber gospel. Amen. And I know some of this has been hard. Some of it's been straight. But as I said already, we're too close to the end to be pulling our punches. Amen. We're too close to be to be patting each other on the back saying, "It's all right. You got it. Don't worry about it." No. Brother Paul said, "Make your or Peter said, "Make your calling and election sure." In other words, he says, "Make sure you are what you say you are. Make sure you have what you say you have and make sure you're where you ought to be according to what the word says in terms of your position and your placing. Amen. So last service, just as a quick recap, we spoke about the deeds of the Nickelians and that was Satan's strategy to divide and conquer the church. And he was trying to set up the ministry as the elite so that people would look to them rather than to the Holy Spirit. And when they put the men into an elite position, then they could take control of the church. That was the deeds of the Nickelians. Now that's not altogether wrong to have men in charge of the church because Ephesians 4 says that God has placed in the church prophet apostles prophets evangelists pastors and teachers. So there are men that are placed in authority in the church but those men themselves have to be under the authority of the Holy Spirit. They don't just step in as men. Amen. And and their purpose if you read Ephesians 4, we won't read it for the sake of of length of service this morning. There's a lot of hay on my fork. But it the purpose of the five-fold ministry is to perfect us to bring us to maturity and to bring us to the unity of the faith. And Paul says when those anointed men by the Holy Spirit are preaching, they'll do two things. They will edify. In other words, it will be for the benefit of the body, not for the benefit necessarily of the preacher that's preaching. Amen. So they'll have a positive word effect and it will stabilize the church so that they're not tossed about by every wind of doctrine. In other words, it'll settle them on the word of God so that they aren't easily blown around. So that when life comes in, when situations come in, when influences come in, they know where they're standing and they know I don't have to move with this. I can stay right where I am. Amen. But there's a unity that comes under anointed preaching. And it's a unity of the faith. In other words, it's a unity that's under the word of God. Because our faith is only in the word. It's not in the man behind the pulpit. It's not in the ministry. It's in the word of God. Amen. So, we're in the unity of the faith. Why? Because we're all preaching the same thing and we're getting the same results. It doesn't matter if you go to church here, you go to church in Louisiana, you go to church to BC, Alberta, Belgium, wherever it is. If they are anointed by the spirit preaching the word of the hour, it will produce the same results. And we know that's true because we can go over there, we can go to different places and we visit them and we hear the same word and we meet the same kind of people with the same kind of spirit, right? It's doing the same thing. And our unity is not because we look the same, we have the same kind of money, we have a preacher that has the exact same style as No, no, no. It's because the spirit is speaking through an anointed ministry, a called ministry to bring the word to the people for their age and it's producing that word inside of those people. And we've been preaching on this idea of an echochamber gospel. And so much of what I've been preaching, I know, has been negative and that it's saying an echo chamber gospel is negative. But let me tell you, we have an echochamber gospel as a bride. Amen. The false gospel is that we speak and everyone repeats. But the bride is silent until the spirit speaks and then she repeats what he says. So we repeat, we are an echo chamber to the Holy Spirit. Amen. Because that's the spirit of truth. That's what tells us what is right. And here's the thing, we don't repeat it because it feels right in our heart. We don't repeat it because our mind says amen to it. But we repeat it when we check it with the word that's been given and it matches up to it. And then we say, "Amen. I can preach that. I can speak that. I can repeat that back. I can testify. I can confess that word that's coming forth." Amen. The check and balance of every spirit is this right here. &gt;&gt; It is not whether you believe that brother is saved and filled with the spirit or that person is a Christian. And the check and balance is the written word of God. That is our absolute. That is our absolute this morning. Amen. It's not wrong to say the same thing. It's wrong to say it because we're in a group. Amen. We say the same thing because we have the same spirit. Amen. And we've got to always check the source of it with the word of God. But notice this unity of the faith because we saw the deeds of the nickelians was to take out the unity of the faith and replace it with the unity of consensus. We all agree that this is right. Therefore, it is right. Amen. And so when we look at this what when this first really happened now obviously before this the time I'm going to talk about the council of Nika in 325 AD that they were trying to bring it in but it was just thoughts and ideas. But in the council of Nika in 325 AD, Constantine the Roman emperor, a professing Christian, brought all of the church members together and he says, "We're going to hash out once and for all what we believe." Now, at that at that uh that council, there was a man named Mucceius that had a lot of influence there. And I want you to catch his description of Constantine the emperor as he walks into the chamber there. He says, "He entered like some heavenly angel of God. His bright mantle shedding luster like beams of light, shining with the fiery radiance of a purple robe and decorated with the dazzling brilliance of gold and precious stones." Now, who does that sound like? We read last Sunday, remember, of Lucifer, and he was arrayed in precious stones and gold. And he shimmerred and he shone when he was in the light. But he was not the source of light, but he was reflecting light. And now Constantine, the head of this council, comes in. And who is he dressed like, church? He's dressed like Lucifer. He looks just like Lucifer. His very description matches what Lucifer's does in in the scriptures. Amen. And in that council, they sat everyone around and what did they do? They sat down and they found consensus rather than revelation. They said, "What do you think? What do you think? What do you think? What do you think?" And they went around and they debated and they debated and they debated until they came to a consensus. And what they did is they put out the leadership of the Holy Spirit and they brought in false doctrine. They brought in a false trinity. They brought in a false baptism. They brought in false controls. They brought it brought in a false hierarchy. And more to the point, Constantine after this council exiled anyone that didn't agree because he was more concerned with having consensus than having revelation, than having the truth. He wanted unity now of men, not the unity of the faith. So he put everyone out. Put them not out of just the church. He put them out of the land so that they couldn't find their way back and even bring the truth. Amen. So in other words, what they did in the council of Na is they put the word out. And when they put the word out, the Holy Spirit went right with it. Amen. Because he's the spirit of truth. If he's the spirit of truth and the truth isn't there, then the spirit can't be there either. It can't be leading. It can't be doing it. And so they use the unity of men to determine the direction of the church. And they put the entire world into dark ages, thousand years of darkness. Horrible. More than a thousand years of darkness because they decided in a way they were going. They created a gospel of their own design. They put everyone out that disagreed with it and they literally created an echochamber gospel. That's what the council of Na did and God wasn't in it. Church, look at the results and tell me God was in it. You can't look at the results and see that God was in it. But watch now because everything that comes from that false church is as tainted as that original church. It's a false vine. Everything tied to a false vine is false. You can't get truth out of falseness. You cannot do it. Amen. So, I want to take this back to the scriptures and just establish this this morning. This is certainly more teaching than preaching, I would imagine, this service, but I want us to look at that that that that false gospel, that first false church. And it says in Revelation 17, "And there came one of the seven angels which had the seven vials, and talked with me, saying unto me, come hither. I will show thee the judgment of the great that siteth upon many waters. Now remember in scriptures a woman always represents a church a church and waters always represent people. So this is a woman and she is not a bride. She is a She is a prostitute. She's an ill-famed woman. She's a woman that is intimate with men that are not her husband and she is a church. Okay? So, she's a church that is not married to Christ, but she'll work with anyone that will pay her what she asks for. Okay? Not only that, but in her church, she's exercising power over many people, over many waters. So, she's a filthy church with power over many people. And he says, God is going to judge her. He says, "I'm going to show you the judgment of this prostitute, this great whore." He says, "With whom the kings of the earth, the political powers of the earth, have committed fornication, and the inhabitants of the earth have been made drunk with the wine of her fornication." They drank what she was serving. Today, we'd say they drank her Kool-Aid. But this is not Kool-Aid. This is wine. It's drunk. It makes you think you're something that you're not. And you're completely consumed by it. Amen. So this is a people that have accepted her ideas, her creeds, her doctrines, her pleasures, her assurance that if you accept me and believe what I say, you'll be okay. And they're completely overwhelmed by it. Amen. Her assurance that they would be forgiven if they'd only recognize her as the church. He says, "So he carried me away in the spirit into the wilderness, and I saw a woman sit upon a scarlet-colored beast full of names of blasphemy, having seven heads and 10 horns." Now look at her power. A beast always means power in the scripture. And she's riding on a beast full of blasphemous names. Amen. So blasphemy is to speak against the things of God. That's what blasphemy is. And Jesus would say there's only one sin that can't be forgiven. And that's to blaspheme the Holy Spirit. In other words, to say something is not of God that is of God. So this is a church that is riding upon the power of people that declare the Holy Ghost to not be the Holy Ghost. In other words, she's saying she has it and nobody else has it. But what she's really doing is she's she's blaspheming that which is real and claiming it for herself. Amen. So the angel told John, "I'm going to show you the judgment of this church." And church, there's only one judgment that can't be forgiven. It's when you say that it's not God when it is God. Jesus said, 'I'll forgive you today. He says, 'But when the spirit of God comes, he's not going to do it. I'm here to die for your sins. I'm not here to judge you. But he says, there's judgment coming if you turn it down later. There's judgment coming if you turn it down later. So this church and all that's attached to her. See, she's riding a beast full of blasphemous names and they're all speaking against the Holy Ghost and they're preaching a false gospel of their own making where they control the people in the church. He says, "And the woman was arrayed in purple and scarlet color, and she was decked with gold and precious stones and per and and pearls." She's dressed just like Constantine was. She's dressed just like Lucifer was. Lucifer is her partner. She says, he says, "Having a golden cup in her hand, full of abominations and filthiness of her fornication, and upon her forehead was writen, mystery Babylon the great, the mother of harlots and abominations of the earth." In other words, she is the lifegiver to every prostitute that follows her. And she is the product of all the abominations in the earth. And she's a church. Wow. Wow. I want you to catch that. We said earlier that every church, this is the Catholic Church, we'll see. But every church that spun off the Catholic Church is as tainted as the Catholic Church. Why? Because even though they separated from the Catholic Church, they carried on her teachings and doctrines and her filth. She left the word and all they did was they put out the men of the pope and they brought in their own men. But they kept the doctrines. Amen. They kept her false trinity. They kept her false baptism. They most of them kept the pomp and circumstance of that church. They kept the traditions. They tied themselves to political influence. They put themselves under the leadership of men. And they did whatever it took to survive and thrive in this fallen world. They did whatever it would take. Amen. And in no case did they ever turn back to the source of power and life, which is the word quickened by the spirit of God. They never went backwards. Amen. Look at what these churches preach. Look at ignore the Catholic church. Look at the Protestant churches that protest the authority of the Catholic Church. But all they did was trade out the pope for a man of their own choosing for another headquarters for another person that would lead them. And the key doctrine that they carried through was a trinity which unders the truth of the godhead. And that's the foundational revelation for the church. Their primary doctrine is that which takes away the foundation of the church. That that that that that revelation of Jesus Christ of the Godhead is the open door. If you don't know who Christ is, then how can you be saved? What door can you walk through? Amen. Jesus said, "I am the way, the truth, and the life." And you know what the Catholic Church says? Not so. If you commit unless you commit yourself to this church, you're lost. Unless you take our communion served by our priests, you're lost. Amen. They say the Bible is not the ultimate truth, but the church is the source of truth. The church is the source of truth. And who determines the truth in the church? The pope. Listen. The Pentecostals say, "Unless you speak in tongues, you're not saved." The Baptists say, "Unless you believe the Trinity, you're not saved. It's just the carrying on of the same filth and abomination under a different name. Amen. It's churches claiming salvation in their name and the name that they've chosen for their church. Amen. They won't say it outright perhaps like the Catholics do, but their doctrine is their proof. Their blasphemous names. The power of the great is this ecumenical movement of churches that will turn back and many already have to the supporting alliance of the Catholic Church because they all believe the same foundational doctrines. We're a little different but in the key areas that matter. They say we are the same. We baptize in the name of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost rather than the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And we believe in three gods. They won't say it that way, but that's what they do. Amen. But let me take it to our doorstep. Like I said, we're not here to preach to people that are here. We're here to preach to people that are here. The message church says, "Unless you accept a prophet of this age, you're lost." To that, I would say as Paul did. You know, we say unless you believe God sent a prophet. Let me answer it the way Paul did. Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed? It's not about receiving the prophet. It's about becoming the message that he gave you. Amen. If we aren't living what he preached, then we have all men most miserable because we're sitting by a painted fire rather than living in the presence of almighty God. Amen. We've got our own things to deal with, church. We're not going in because we believe the message. We're going in because we've accepted Christ into our life. We're in relationship. We're in a marriage. Not because we can nod our heads in our pews and say amen to the words that Brother John would say. It's not going to get us here. Amen. We are Christlike by the inddwelling Holy Spirit, not by attending a church. Amen. But the common link for this harlot church and her harlot daughters is that trinity doctrine. They split God into three personalities and they turn one true God into three true personalities. Three different purposes. Amen. They haven't gotten the revelation of God. And that was the great deviation from truth that happened in Nia and it's continued all the way through. Even the Pentecostals, the oneness Pentecostals don't have it right. They're the closest. But as the saying goes, close only counts in hand grenades and horseshoes. Close ain't going to make it, church. We've got to be on the mark. Amen. Jesus, you say, doesn't matter, brother John, that they're off a little bit. Jesus said, "They that worship me must worship me in spirit and in truth." Not in sincerity, in spirit and truth. Not in truth and no spirit or spirit and no truth. But they have to come together. The anointed word is what's going to make the difference. Amen. Sincerity and good intentions won't do it. And just the spirit won't do it either. Jesus said to his disciples, he said, "Who do you say that I am?" He said, "Who does everybody else say?" But then he says, "Who do you say I am? What is your revelation of who is standing before you?" And Peter would say, "I, thou art the Christ, the son of the living God." And Jesus answered and said unto him, "Blessed art thou, Simon Barjonah, for flesh and blood had not revealed it." What? This is a revelation. It is not a teaching. It is a personal revelation. Has not revealed it to thee, but my father which is in heaven. And I say also unto thee that thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. There's only one thing that won't fail, church, and that's a true revelation from God of his word. It's the only thing that won't fail. Listen, Peter fell right after this moment. The Catholic Church will say, "Well, he's building the church on Peter because Peter means little rock." That completely denies all scripture for starters. But right after this, Jesus turned around to Peter and he said, "Get behind me, Satan." Because Satan because Peter tried to convince Jesus not to do what the word was telling him to do. Peter denied him three times. Peter made a split in the church after he got the Holy Ghost. That's not somebody to build your church on. But remember what what the scripture says, the stone that the builders rejected has become the chief cornerstone. It's never been Peter. It's always been Christ. And not Christ, but the revelation of Christ. because there's an unveiling of God that's going on. And if you're stuck with an unveiling of Christ 2,000 years ago, you'll miss what's happening today. It's the revelation of Christ. It's the revelation of God to us. Listen to this. He says, "The Roman Catholics say the church is built upon Peter." He says, "Now, that's really carnal. How could God build a church upon a man so unstable that he denied the Lord Jesus and cursed while doing it?" God can't build his church upon any man born in sin. But here's the thing, church. Remember we said the the the the way that Satan does this is that he tells a lie and he sticks with it until people accept it. And so the thing is you tell a lie that Peter was the first pope, that Peter is the cornerstone, the foundation of the church. If you tell that lie and people accept it, then when Peter moves on and you get the next pope, you'll take him as the cornerstone and the next one and the next one and you build a church on a lie that you told going all the way back to the beginning. It allows you to keep control of your church when the first pope so goes away. Amen. And the crazy thing is is that from one pope to the next pope, they don't even agree with themselves. It's shifting sand. It's not a sure foundation. It's not a solid rock. It's a shifting sand. He says, "And it wasn't some rock lying there as though God had hallowed the ground at that spot. And it wasn't as the it isn't as the Protestants say that the church is built upon Jesus. It was the revelation." And he says, "Read it the way it's written. Fle flesh and blood had not revealed it, but my father had revealed it. And upon this rock, this revelation, I will build my church." He says, "The church is built on revelation on thus saith the Lord." Now, Peter was repeating something that God had revealed to him. That's what made it thus sayeth the Lord. Peter didn't come up with it. It was a direct revelation from God. That's what made it thus sayeth the Lord. God gave it to him. So when you believe in a trinity, you miss the true revealing of Christ. Amen. You miss the entirety of the Godhead. And from there, then you miss the mystery of godliness. Then you miss the mystery of the indwelling of the Holy Spirit. Then you miss the mystery of the word made flesh then and now because you got three separate people. How are you going to blend that now into a multimember body that has the same spirit of Christ in? If it's three separate people, now we've got a Godhead that's got multi-millions of members. But that's not the way it works. Amen. That's why I preached Godhead last year is to hopefully hopefully settle some of those things in your mind. But Christ, Jesus Christ is the re the revelation of God to humanity. He's the expression, the manifestation, the fullness, the visible God to us. That's what he is. Amen. So the Catholic Church and anyone that holds to that false doctrine is called a harlot, a a prostitute by God. She's not in any way serving God. She's not worshiping God, nor does she speak for God. She's not the true God. She's not full of saints and believers. To the contrary, listen to this. As we go back to Revelation 17, it says, "And I saw the woman drunken with the blood of the saints and with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus." She doesn't have the believers. She kills the believers. That's the sad truth. She is antirist. She is anti-believer. She's anti-word. And she'll destroy anything that gets in her way. Now, some say that the Catholic Church killed 68 million murders. The Catholic Church admits to 3 to 5,000. I don't know what the real number is. All I know is that the Bible says that they were drunk with it, which means more than a couple sips. Amen. She's been drinking on this for a long time. But watch this. She's drunken. But when John saw John says, "When I saw her, I wondered with great admiration." This was so beautiful that even the prophet of God said, "Wow." Knowing what she is, knowing she's a knowing she's Antichrist, yet when even the prophet looked at her, he said, "Wow. Why? Because Satan has always been appealing. From the very beginning, he's been appealing. He's been beautiful. He knows how to appeal to our senses, even a prophet's senses. In his flesh, John looked at her and she was sexy. That's what we would say today. But listen now. Remember, she sat on a beast with seven heads and 10 horns. And now he starts to open up. What does this mean? He says, "Here is the mind which has mi wisdom." Remember we said a fool won't listen to counsel. Here's what a wise one will say. The seven heads are seven mountains on which the woman siteth. What's the city of seven hills? Rome. Historically, he says, "And the woman which thou sawest is that great city which reignth over the kings of the earth." So, he's confirming this is a city and it's a type. It's the Vatican city in Rome. Now I want to jump to the next verse or next chapter 18 because I love the clarity of scripture. It doesn't have we don't have to guess. Amen. It shows us very clearly. So remember what he said to John. He says, "John, I'm going to show you the judgment of this great church, this great this false church." Now we jump into Revelation 18. He still hasn't shown the judgment. He's just shown who she is. Revelation 17 is showing who she is, what she's done, what's made her worthy of judgment. Now we come into 18 and he says, "And after these things, I saw another angel come down from heaven having great power and the earth was lighted lightened with his glory. And he cried mightily with a strong voice, saying, Babylon the great is fallen is fallen and has become the habitation of devils and the hold of every foul spirit and a cage of every unclean and hateful bird." This is the end result of that church. He's not saying she's destroyed here. He's saying she has fallen. And look at what she's full of. She is the habitation of devils. A church full of devils, every foul spirit, every unclean and hateful bird. He says, "For all nations have drunk of the wine of her fornication. And the kings of the earth have committed fornication with her, and the merchants of the earth are wax rich through the abundance of her delicacies." So, she's a spiritual force. She's a political force. And she's demonically controlled and inhabited. Amen. She seduced others and made them fall by her teachings and promises of pleasure. Who else would be so arrogant as to say that you can pay us and you won't have to reap what you've sowed. The the Catholic Church has an indulgence where if you come in to confession and you confess that you did it, then you can pay to not reap the consequences. The Bible literally says, "God is not mocked. Whatsoever a man sows, he shall reap." And the Catholic Church says, "Not so. If you give us a little bit of money, we can take care of that for you." And they say they're drawing from the multitude of the grace of Christ and his saints to do it. Anti-word. What are they doing? They're merchandising the gospel. It's all about money. It's all about power. It's all about influence. He says, ' And I heard another great voice from heaven, saying, 'Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that you receive not of her plagues. Why come out? Cuz Christ isn't there. Christ is calling a bride out. We're not against the people. We're against the systems. It's the systems that run. Listen, we all come from different places. We've got people here from the Catholic Church. What do they hear a cry? Come out. Get out while you can because she is full of devils and demons. Amen. He says, "For her sins or sorry, come out of her, my people, that you be not partakers of her sins and that you receive not of her plagues. You don't want what's coming to her. Get out while you can." He says, "For her sins have reached unto heaven. And God hath remembered her iniquities." And he says, "Now reward her even as she rewarded you and double unto her, double according to her works. Whatever she gave, she's got to get twice as bad because she's got to reap what she sowed." He says, "According to her works, in the cup which she hath filled, fill to her double." Now, I want to set up the next portion of scripture, this verse seven, because remember what Satan said. He says, "I will ascend above the stars of heaven. I will be like God. I will be worshiped as God. I'm going to sit in the church being worshiped as God. I will. I will. I w I will. Now, watch God's judgment of this church. Amen. Watch how she got where she is. There's no doubt here that she is the fulfillment of Satan's intentions on this earth to be worshiped. Okay? But the people are ignorant of it. Now, watch what he says in verse 7. Because Satan said, "I will. I will. I will." Now, watch what she says. He says about her. How much how much she hath glorified herself and lived deliciously. So much torment and sorrow give her. For she saith in her heart, I sit a queen and am no widow and shall see no sorrow. So who glorified her? Who got the glory? Let me put it that way. She did. She glorified herself. Everything she was doing was to bring glory to her instead of to Christ. Okay. The it says she lived deliciously. That word means luxuriously. How? She merchandise the gospel. Richest church in the world. Catholic church. Until billions, possibly trillions of dollars. Assets. You know, they invest in the very things they say you're not allowed to do. There's a pope came in and he was going to expose it all and they killed him for doing it. There's a book on it called In God's Name by a investigative journalist named David Yalup. Wonderful, amazing, in-depth book. But he was going to expose the hypocrisy of the Catholic Church and clean it up. And they killed him. Church, you know why they killed him? This had to be. He couldn't clean it up. There was no cleaning it up. It was impossible. Amen. But she got the people to pay her for their sins and mistakes. She created a false place called purgatory where your relatives would go. And if you would pay, you could get them out so they didn't have to go through pain and suffering. What a wonderful business model. Created an imaginary place that can't be proven and pay people to take them out. Amen. She got people to pay for indulgence, indulgences, for positions. She worked with the kings and government. She started great crusades to take lands to herself. And all it was was all for her own gain. She glorified herself. But look at her final boast. She says, "I sit as a queen. I am no widow and I shall see no sorrow." She's a queen and she reigns alone. Amen. She says, "I'm not another I'm not a widow." In other words, she wasn't married to a king who died and then she took over. She has never had a king. She's never had headship. She's never had a husband. Why? Because she's a A A prostitute doesn't have a husband. You know what? She has a pimp. And that's what Satan has done. He has pimped her out to anybody that will pay the price. And what has she's done? She's slept her way to the top. Fornications and iniquities. And she's fooled every man, every government, every group. And now she sits in a place of power. Contrast that with Christ and his bride. It says, "We will rule and reign with him. We will reign under headship. We will reign in marriage." She has none of those things. Amen. She says, "I'll see no sorrow." She won't have to deal with the loss of a husband. She's saying this is a good thing. She's saying, "I don't have the burden of losing a man. I don't have to go through the sorrows of losing a love. I have no love except for myself." She's a selfmade woman and she's happy with it. This is a church, a people that can't be told anything. They do the speaking. They do not do the listening. Amen. We read our in our opening scripture these words, "The way of a fool is right in his own eyes, but he that hearkeneth under counsel is wise. She cannot be told she is wrong. She refuses to hear it." Amen. She's a fool and she believes beyond a shadow of doubt that she is vindicated and she will be vindicated as the one true church. And they preach it outside of our church. You are lost. Amen. But watch God's response. She says, "I will not mourn. I sit as a queen. I've got everything I need." And watch God's response. "Therefore shall her plagues come in one day and death, mourning, and famine, and she shall be utterly burned with fire. For strong is the Lord God who judges her." We read last service, last Sunday rather, how Satan said, "I'm going to have all this, and I'm going to do all this." And God says, "Yep, you're going to get it, but it won't last. I'm going to destroy it." And here we see what happens. Amen. She is completely destroyed in a single day. Total destruction. But I want to take us back to verse 7 where she said, it says, "She has glorified herself and lived luxuriously." As we close out this this thought on an echo chamber gospel today, because I would say it this way. This church, this prostitute has a very high opinion of herself and she's not scared to tell you how great she is. I'm trying not to grin because I've met people like this. She has the money. She has the fame. She has the influence. She has the access to great people. Amen. She has the confirmation of billions of followers and they're all patting each other on the back. But she has no husband. She has no Christ. She has everything except the one thing that matters. But like I said, don't put this on the Catholic Church alone. I know I'm naming names here, but we have to realize that every formal church system is satanic. That's why we are not a denomination. That's why we don't have a headquarters. That's why I'm not the one in charge of every single thing here. Amen. We have to answer to the word. And what happens is when we form ourselves into a formal group, Amen. We put a period after our beliefs, our creeds, our doctrines, and that's when we become a denomination is when we put it into words and we say, "This is it. No more." Okay? But the scripture says they're ever learning and never able to come to the knowledge of the truth. Why? Because they've declared what is truth already. They've put it in a box. They've sealed it up and said, "This is truth. There is no more." They're not standing on revelation, remember? They're standing on religious consensus. They're in an echo chamber of their own making. Now, let's take this to the final church age, the seventh church age, the Leodysian church age, and see their condition. And I want to preface this with one thing, and that's to say that this church has nothing good in it. This church age we're in, God has nothing good to say about the nominal professing Christian church. There's nothing good here. Amen. It's bound for judgment. It's the only church age that God had nothing to good to say about it. There were no redeeming qualities in this last church age for those self-professed Christians. Amen. It's completely devoid of Christ. It's devoid of his word. It's devoid of everything that he mentions is supposed to be there and he can't work with them in any way. They kicked him out because they refused the word of God and it's come full circle. Now look at Revelation 3. It says unto the angel of the church of the Leadyans, right? Unto the messenger of the church of the Leadyans. Why do we believe in a prophet? Because there has to be one according to Revelation 3:2 3:14. There has to be an angel prophet. There has to be a messenger from God. Revelation 1 says, "Those seven an stars are the seven angels, the seven messengers to the seven church ages, the gentile church ages." So there's a message that's given and it says, "These things sayeth the amen, the faithful and true witness, the beginning of the creation of God." This is the real deal. He's the start and he's the end and he's never failed in between. Okay? He's the real deal. He's the absolute. He says, "I know thy works." Speaking to the church now, the church age. I know thy works that thou art neither cold nor hot. I would, he says, I want you to be cold or hot. In other words, they're luke lukewarm as we'll read in the next scripture. And you only get lukewarm by mixing cold and hot. Or you leave something that was cold in the hot sun and what does it do? It warms up a little. or something that is hot, you leave it in a cold area and it cools off. It's a cooling off or a tempering. Nobody Well, it's funny. Preachers a lot of time actually want lukewarm water because the cold water causes your your vocal cords to shrink. But nobody generally speaking says, "I would kill for a glass of lukewarm water." We don't do it. We either want it hot or cold. And God says, "I want you to be hot or cold. One or the other. Don't be in between." Amen. The seventh church age began with the Isuza Street revival in California where God poured out the Holy Spirit and gifts in the first major way since the day of Pentecost. And it was absolutely God. It was absolutely a move of God. It was the truth. It was pure. It was right. And if you look at it, it wasn't organized. It was an open church with a a a black man blind in one eye in there praying for the Holy Ghost. And what happened is a bunch of people came in and they started praying to receive the Holy Ghost. And God honored that request. And he poured out the Holy Ghost on that group. And they started to do all sorts of things, not just speak in tongues. They started to prophesy. They started to minister. They started to testify. They didn't have one man over it all. They would get up and preach as the spirit gave utterance. It wasn't organized at all. Amen. It was a bunch of nobodies calling on God. And God came down in a special way. They said the presence of God was so powerful. This was just a little hvel of a building church. This was nothing special. People, sinners would walk in. They would come through the door and the presence of God was so powerful. They would hit their knees in repentance right there. Why? Because it was the spirit of God moving, not just a bunch of men trying to make things happen. But what happened after that? They were baptizing in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. They were professing the oneness of God. They were preaching. They had corrected supposedly the errors of that that they've been going on for so long. But then the assemblies of God came along and they believed in the evidence of tongues as the as being that you have the Holy Ghost. And the other group didn't. So what' they do? They organized and they split off. And then another group jumped into Matthew 28:19 and went to baptize in the name of the father, the son, the holy ghost. And that turned into the United Pentecostal church. And they split off. And what was it? Organization. Organization. Organization. They put a period behind what they believed and what happened? Spirit of God moved on. Amen. They started defining their individual doctrines, putting a period behind it and saying this is our church. This is what we believe. They put a period behind it and God had to move on. Why? Because God never stops revealing himself. Church, look at your Old Testament and you will see God revealed in many ways. &gt;&gt; But he didn't stop there. He didn't stop with a pillar of fire. He didn't stop with a pillar of cloud. He didn't stop with Moses. He kept moving on and revealing more and more of himself. Then he comes in Christ. I mean, you go beyond Moses. You go you go back to Abraham. You look at mezz Lord, a man coming on the plains of memory. You see Christ. You see God revealing himself constantly. You couldn't stop. But when you stop, God keeps moving because he's trying to get us to a resurrection and a rapture. He's trying to get us to the fullness of the unity of the faith, which is a complete revelation of him in us. And so what's he doing? God keeps moving on. We see it in the Old Testament. Then we see it in the New Testament. Listen, even Peter, the man with the keys to the kingdom, he says, "Our brother Paul," he preaches things hard to understand. That's a man full of the Holy Ghost that spent time with God in flesh. And he says, "Paul's preaching things I've never heard about." Why? Because God was continuing to reveal himself to his people for the sake of revealing himself in his people. &gt;&gt; It's not just learning. It's a manifestation. It's an acceptance of the very presence of God that he would reveal himself through your life and mine. That's what we're preaching this morning is not doctrine. We're preaching Christ coming down and showing himself through a bride of believers. &gt;&gt; That's why we're here this morning. Praise the Lord. That's why we're here. God never stops and he won't stop revealing himself until we get to that great resurrection and rapture morning. But what stops progress when we stop? When we put a period behind it, we basically say, "God, we've got it all. We figured it out. We don't need to grow. We don't need a greater greater revelation." And what do we do? Like the settlers of old, we circle the wagons and we protect our doctrine. We protect our church. We protect our ministry. We protect our creeds. protect our results. And God's saying, "You need to keep moving to the promised land, not circling your wagons. You haven't reached the end, so keep pushing, keep pulling." Amen. Protecting creeds at all costs, rather than letting God open our eyes to a greater revelation. Listen, if Peter could have his eyes open to a greater revelation, having been the first to receive the critical revelation, how much more do we You know what I love? You know what I love about this message is that what we were preaching 30 years ago is not what we're preaching today. Not that it's different, but it has grown. It has grown. We have a greater understanding. We have a greater reality of what was preached. It's continuing to grow. We're understanding more. We're getting deeper into the word. And it's why? Because God is moving on. And as the scripture says, if we walk in the light as he is in the light, then we have fellowship one with another. And the blood of Jesus cleanses us from all of our sins. He's moving constantly. Amen. There's an ongoing progressive revelation of God today. And we've got to continue to let him open our eyes and we'll see that's the the cure for this church age. Amen. But what happens is if we put a period behind what we believe, if we circle our wagons around a church doctrine, then what happens is God sends his angel messenger. God sends anointed preachers and with a message straight from him and we say, "hm, that's weird. My daddy doesn't preach that. My church doesn't believe that. That's heresy." And it's not. It's God further revealing themselves, but we're so busy trying to protect what we have, we can't go on into what God has for us. We can't move forward. Amen. What is it? It's a church that's left in partial darkness getting darker. It's not that what they have is not truth. It's that it's not the full truth and they're choosing to stay in the past rather than move with God into the present and on into the future. As he moves away, what happens? They get darker and darker and darker because they won't move with him. The church isn't the light. Christ is the light. The word is the light. And so when your church says we are the light, no, you got to have him to be the light. You've got to walk with him as he moves. And you get that in the Old Testament. You look at the Old Testament. type of this is in the Old Testament when Israel went out, remember they were led by the pillar of fire and by the pillar of cloud. So when the pillar of fire moved, they moved. And if it stayed, they stayed. And it didn't matter if that cloud or that pillar of fire picked up at 3:00 a.m. and started moving church, they didn't get to say, "We're sleepy. We're going to stay here till the morning." They moved when he moved. They stopped when he stopped. And so it is today. Paul said, "Sons of God are led by the spirit of God." Amen. So as the pillar of light, as the light for the age moves through the church ages, the elect had to move with it. That's what we see is time and time again, they heard the message for their age and they moved on into overcoming. That's what brought them through. Amen. The the the churches today are looking backwards to what they had and forwards to what they're going to have, but they're not in the middle of it. And that's what separates the bride from everyone else is she's in the middle of the word as it's happening rather than looking behind or forward. That's what makes us different. That's what makes the bride different. Amen. You look at the Catholic Church. What did they do? They went and they killed real saints of God. Then later realized their error, dug them up, canonized them, made them saints, and said, "Whoops, my bad." What did they do? They missed God while he was moving. And by then, God had moved far beyond that point. They were correcting an error and not realizing they were still in the error. The bride will hear what the spirit says because she's receiving the message for her hour. Our message is not speak in tongues. It's not dance in the spirit. It's not even just believe. What is our message, church? Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. It's Christ in you, the hope of glory. It's calling us to adoption. It's calling us to a body change. is calling us to a resurrection and and a rapture. Amen. Listen, many churches don't even believe in a rapture. How are you going to go in something you don't believe in? We've understand now, and this is one of the things we've seen in this message that as we've grown in Revelation understanding is that the rapture is not an event. The rapture is a process. We're being caught up word upon word, line upon line, here, a little, there little. And the last step is just the final step of many steps that came before. If you're not in a rapture process now, as I heard a brother say recently, I highly doubt you're going to go in a rapture. Why? Because God's been moving all along. God's trying to get a people ready to go. Amen. What's happened? The churches didn't want to hear what the spirit was saying because it didn't match up with what their church was saying. And so, they put it out completely. And all you're left then with is is a church organization instead of the spirit of God. But Brian would say this. He says, 'We are not the same. You are a separated people, holy unto the Lord, dedicated to the word and the spirit of God to bear fruit of his promise of this day. He says, you're not of them. I know that's awful strong, but that's the truth just the same. You're dedicated to a service in these last days. He says, come out from amongst it. Can I say this? You know my heart. We have kids that go to denominational schools. And I say this, be careful. We are not of them. Good people, lovely people. My, you know, the principle at First Baptist, what a wonderful man, a great man. But we're not like them. And don't ever think for a second that we are because the minute you do it, you'll compromise and you'll go down to where they are rather than try and pull them up to where you are. And I'm not saying that as elitist. I'm not saying that as anything like that. I'm saying don't get dragged back into their system. Don't get dragged back into their system. Don't get dragged into their sincerity. Amen. We're here to pull people up, not to go down. We've got to hold fast. Listen to what he says to this this leady in church. He says, "So then, because thou art lukewarm and neither hot, cold nor hot, I will spew thee out of my mouth." What comes out of your mouth? Words. He says, "I'll take you away from where the word is preached. You'll have no more word anymore. You'll be left to your own." What's where do where do words come from if we're not in the mouth? We got to produce them ourselves. It's a gospel of our own making. Now, catch this. Because thou sayest, this is the echo chamber. No, they're all saying the same thing. I am riched. I am increased with goods and have need of nothing. That's her claim. Now, God's, this is God's reading of the situation. He says, "And knowest not that thou art wretched and miserable and poor and blind and naked." Remember, we read of Satan's queen, that great She glorified herself. Here we see where that happens. It's in the seventh church age. It's where they say, "I've got it all. I've got it all. She's got it all." And church, physically speaking, she has it all. You look at the Catholic Church. You look at the big denominational churches today. They've got money. They've got numbers. They've got followers. They've got influence. They can sway elections. That's how powerful these churches are. They have it all. Amen. They have the formula for growth. They have the formula for growth. They'll go into a place church. They'll start out with 10 people and in two years they've got 2,000. Compare that with us. We hover more or less around 40 to 50. No matter what. No matter what. Why? It's not about a formula for success. Success is souls sealed with the spirit, not people sitting their butts in the pews. That's not ever going to be it. It's not going to be it, church. It isn't the gospel if everyone accepts it. As we preached not too long ago, straight is the gate, narrow is the way, and few there be that find it. Their claim is, "We've got it all." And Christ says, "You have nothing." Not only do you not have what you say you have, but you are wretched. You're miserable, poor, blind, and naked. And to top it off, you don't even realize it. They've been listening to themselves for so long. and their criteria for spirituality is based on physical blessing rather than spiritual blessing that they believe their own lie. They've con convinced themselves of their own goodness and acceptance before God. Catch this. He says, "Thou sayest, I am rich and increase with goods." He says, "This literally means, I have spiritual riches." This sounds like the millennium with streets of gold and the presence of God. He says, "But I wonder if this is so. Is the church truly rich in the spiritual things of God? Let us examine this 20th century layout to see him boast in the light of the word. If the church were truly spiritually rich, its influence will be felt upon community life. But what exactly but exactly what kind of lives are these so-called spiritual and influential men of the community living? He says out in suburbia, out in the betterass districts, there are bounds wife swapping, prostitution, bans of children crashing parties exacting a terrible toll in property damage. immorality has reached an all-time high. Impromiscuous sex acts, narcotic addiction, gambling, stealing, and all kinds of evil. And the church goes on claiming, "How fine is this generation? How full are the churches, and how responsive are even the natives on the mission fields? The church has turned the people over to the doctors, especially the psychiatrists." He says, "How it can pray about being rich spiritually is more than I know. It isn't true. They are bankrupt and don't know it. Take a good look around you. Examine the people as they walk by. In the multitudes, you see, can you pick out those that have the appearance of Christians? This is just outward appearance. He's saying, "Watch how they dress. Watch how they act, hear what they say, and see where they go. Surely that ought to be some real evidence of the new birth amongst all these that we see go by." He says, "But few there be." Yet today the fundamental churches are telling us they have millions saved and even spiritfilled. He says spiritfilled. Can you call women spiritfilled with frizzy bobbed hair, shorts and slacks, halters and briefs all painted up like Jezebel? He said if these are adorned in modest apparel has become Christian women. I would hate to think what it would be like if I had to witness a display of immodesty. Isn't that the truth? Remember, Satan's queen won't be told what to do. She's self assured. She glorifies herself, and she will do her own thing every time. And we see her this idea of telling a lie and continuing it until it becomes acceptable to live contrary to the word, to dress contrary to the word, to act contrary to the word, act in a way I'm becoming a Christian by the word, and not just make it okay, but literally now to glorify those things in church. Now I have seen with my own two eyes professing Christian churches with men dressed as women, homosexuals singing actual rock and roll. Not rock and roll with Christian lyrics. Actual rock and roll in the church. That's where they've come. Church rock and roll. What's it based on? Drugs and sex. And you're bringing that into your church. It shows you who you're worshiping. It shows you who you're worshiping. Amen. We've got preachers that are preaching that sex sexuality outside of marriage is okay. Heard it with my own two ears. Okay. We've got preachers not only saying alternate lifestyles are okay, but actually doing it. We actually have one in the United Methodist Church here just moved there with his husband. Preacher, professing preacher, I should say. What do they say? You can do whatever you want as long as you come to church on Sunday, right? You can speak in tongues on Monday and you can on Sunday and you can curse on Monday. I've heard preachers curse over the pulpit. James said, "Brothers, can sweet and bitter water come out of the same fountain?" And the answer there is no. But yet Christianity today says absolutely. You're one way in church and you're one way out there or you're what you're all all the time and it doesn't matter as long as you have a good heart. That's it's become the the litmus test is do you have a good heart? And I they don't even define what a good heart is. I think it's defined that you come to our church. That's not going to cut it. He says when nobody when anybody says I have need of nothing, he could very well be saying I have everything. Or he could be saying I don't want anymore as I am full now. You can express this any way you want and it all adds up to the fact that the church is complacent. She is satisfied with what she has. She either figures she has it all or she has enough. He says that's exactly what we find today. What denomination is not claiming that it has the revelation and the power and the truth? Listen to the Baptists, they have it all. Listen to the Methodists. They have it all. Listen to the Church of Christ and everyone is wrong but them. Hear what the Pentecostals say and they have the fullness of the fullness. But they know I'm telling the truth about them for not one of their manuals say any different. They wrote it all out just so nice and put their names to it and finished it all up. He says God just doesn't have anymore. He's not saying God doesn't have anymore. He's saying their declaration is we've got everything God has for us. God has more. Believe me. Watch how he puts it. He says, "And there are those that just don't want anymore. They do not believe in divine healing and would not want it although it is in the word. There are those who would not take the Holy Spirit if God opened the heavens and showed them a sign. Now they are all saying and trying to prove that they have it all or they have enough. He says yet is that the truth? He says compare this 20th century church to the first century church. Go ahead, do that. Where is the power? Where is the love? Where is the purified church that withtood sin and walked with faith toward Jesus? Where's the unity? He says, 'You can't find it. If this church has all it needs, he says, why were they crying out for more of God in the book of Acts? As though they didn't have it all, and yet they have far more than they have today. Remember in Acts two, the spirits poured out. Acts four, they're in the room crying out for more of God. They've just had an outpouring of the spirit like most have never experienced in their lives. And that they come back in Acts four and say, "We need more of you because we've got great work to do and we're going to need it." And he says, "Today they're claiming to have more than those people and yet they're not crying out for more of God. They don't have more and they're still not crying out for God." He says, "There's a disconnect here somewhere." How can you have what they have and not be crying out for more? If you're like the same church, the cry will always be there. This is that great trap of of knowledge without reality, of truth without spirit. For they have to go together. Truth and spirit have to go to together. Our message is Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today and forever. And I want to preach to us now. Can we claim it? Can we say that when people see me, they see Christ? Not in affirming you, but in affirming him. Can they see that in our lives? Amen. This is our message. This is our time. This is our church. This is our service. Can we look at our lives and say, "I am a living manifestation of Jesus Christ today." Do we have a painted fire or are we living next to the fire of the Holy Spirit? Amen. What's our daily testimony? What's our daily testimony look like? What do our Remember what brother Ram said. He says, "Watch how they dress. Watch how they talk. Watch where they go. Watch what they do." What does that testify of us this evening this morning? If we know the truth, have we become the truth? Or are we satisfied to just say, "I'm surrounded by the truth." Have we tasted and seen that the Lord is good? Or are we sitting back looking at the table not sure if it's really for us yet? Is our prayer for more of him or more for me? Let me say that again. Is our prayer for more of him or more stuff for me? Are we so busy looking at the opportunities and the potential of tomorrow for ourselves to live a better life, to live an easier life, to get a spouse, to get a job, to get a this, to get a that, that we're sitting there and Christ is outside the door saying, "Hey, I'd like to come in and talk for a little bit." The Leodysian church is so caught up in an echo chamber gospel. She's patting herself on the back. professing Christians patting each other on the back and they're saying, "We've got it all. We couldn't be more blessed. Ain't God good, brother?" Amen. We don't need to check up. We don't need to try. We don't need more of God. We God all the chosen. We are the elect. I'm preaching to us now. Amen. Church, are we on cruise control? Are we on cruise control? We don't have a worry. We don't have a concern in the world. We're blessed and highly favored. And that's all there is to it. Are we on cruise control? Here's where we're going to find out. Are we wise or foolish? A wise person will hear counsel. Here's God's counsel. He says, "I counsel. Here's what I think. Here's what I'm here's what I'm telling you will work." He says, "I counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire that thou mayest be rich and white raignment that thou mayest be clothed and that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear and anoint thine eyes with eyes that thou mayest see." He's saying this is what will fix everything I've told you you're dealing with. First thing he says, we're not going to preach this in detail. We've done it before. He says, "I counsel buy of me gold tried in the fire." Gold is godly character and it only comes by the trials and tribulations of a child of God. These trials and tribulations, church, are literally our overcoming. Because to overcome means to stand the test. See, we look at overcoming as victory. No, it's to stand the test. It's to not move when everything's trying to make you move off of that word. To stand the test. Will we stay with the word when times get tough? Will we let health, will we let finances, will we let relationships hold us back? Or will we lay it all down and say, "Lord, I'm going to stay with your word." That's what it means to overcome, to stand the test. Remember, God's looking for character. Character above all else, not a church that's rich in lifestyle and luxury. He says, "You got to have white raignment that you can be clothed." The problem with this church is that she's clothed in her own righteousness. She says, "I have everything." But what is the white raignment of that he's talking about? It's the righteousness of saints, the scripture says. And what is the righteousness of saints? It's not my righteousness. It's not your righteousness. It's the righteousness of Christ. Remember, he says, "For him have he made to be sin who knew no sin that we might be made the righteousness of God in him." The righteousness of saints is that Christ did it. And so, I'm not coming to him with my works. I'm coming to him with my faith because this church is saying we've got it all. This is what they talked about. I think it was in Matthew where they said, "Hey, we've done all these wonderful things in your name." They're coming with works. They're coming with their own righteousness and that will never work. It's got to be Christ and him alone. Amen. Satan's queen is boastful of herself. We can only boast like Paul of Christ. That's our boast is Christ always. Then he says the last thing you got to have your eyes anointed with is. Now notice he doesn't say just you have to have droplets placed in your eye. He says it's anointed. Your eyes have to be anointed. And there's only one anointing for the true believer and it's the spirit of God. It's the Holy Spirit. Amen. We need a spiritual revelation by the spirit of truth. And the only way you can get it is by rejecting everything else that you brought to the table so far because it ain't right. You think it's right, but it's not. You got to bring it subject to the word. And it's only by the spirit. You can only see the truth by the Holy Spirit, church. It's the only way it'll work. Remember what Jesus said to Nicodemus, except a man be born again, he cannot see. He can't understand the kingdom of God. The new birth is the Holy Spirit. It's not speaking in tongues. It's not dancing. It's not shouting. It's not even baptism. It's the inddwelling spirit of God where we become a new creation. And without that spirit, we're blind. Which means we believe and we don't know. We're completely off. And it's the blind leading the blind and they're going to blind and they're going to fall into the ditch eventually. Otherwise, catch this. He says, "I'm counseling you. I'm telling you, if you're wise, you'll hear it." He says, "As many as I love, I rebuke and chasen. Be zealous, therefore, and repent." Don't just say you're sorry. Turn around and go 180 degrees. Go opposite to what you were doing before. Put your faith into action. Take what you believe and put it into practice. Now, watch his position. He says, "Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If any man hear my voice and open the door, I will come into him and will s with him and he with me." Christ is completely outside the church in the final church age. They put him out when they put the word out. And now he's knocking on the doors of those that have come out themselves. He's not knocking on the doors of the church. He says, "If anyone," it's an individual affair. Now, we're not getting in because we attend this church. We're getting in because he knocks on our heart, on our life, and we say, "Come on in, Lord." That's the only way we're getting in. This is the real church now. They have come out of her, my people. That was the great shout, remember? Come out of her, my people. It was a heavenly voice. It's a message from heaven. It's the spirit talking. Come out of her, my people. So, they've come out now as individuals. They're the called out, the church, the true church. And they've come out of every man-made system. Amen. And what is it? They are now fellowshipping with Christ the word. They can't go to church for it. They can go to a church, but they can't go to the churches. It not there. He's not there. They're the ones that are in relationship with him. Otherwise, what do we have? We have 30,000 churches professing Christ and they are Christians without Christ. That's hard to say. They are Christians without Christ. Now remember, there is a wise virgin and there is a foolish virgin. They're both virgins. What's the difference? One has oil. One has an anointing. One has the spirit. And the other doesn't. She's still clean, still sanctified, still keeping herself separate, but she has no oil. They're Christians without Christ. They're Christians by their own works, not by the indwelling spirit. Good people, sincere people, lovely people, but they won't listen. They won't listen. They won't take the counsel. Amen. Sincere, but sincerely wrong. How can you be a Christian if Christ isn't in you? How can your church be true if Christ is outside knocking elsewhere? Kabad's written over the door, the glory of the Lord has departed. They have the name of Christ without the person of Christ. Like I said, God has nothing to do with this final church in this final church age because she's so convinced of her rightness, she won't even listen to him. She won't listen to his messenger. She won't listen to his five-fold ministry. She will only listen to herself. And she becomes a victim of her own ministry. I want to finish on a high note. Everyone smiled. Everyone's smiling. Yes, it's over. We made it through. We're still believers. He didn't put me out. Am I on the list? Right. I want to go out on a high note because this is our part that we're coming to now. If we'll listen to the counsel that was just given because I'll tell you, church, the spirit of this age is lukewarmness. It's lukewarmness. I have enough to get by. But do you have enough to overcome? It's not survival, church. It's victory. It's victory. Not survival. Not can I make it through the day. It's can I overcome today. Amen. Listen to this. This is the people that won't put God in a box, that won't put a period after what they believe. church, I can say honestly before you, I have had to change what I have believed throughout my life. I've had to grow in my maturity in the word of God. Absolutely. And I think we'd be a liar to say anything different. We've had to grow. We've had to learn in Christ. We can't put a period behind it. This is to those that won't do that. He says, "To him that overcomemeth will I grant to sit with me in my throne, even as I also overcame and am set down with my father in his throne." This is the reward to the overcomer. Now he says, "How are you going to get it? How you going to overcome?" He says, "He that hath an ear, let him hear, not speak here." You got to listen. You got to shut up. You got to recognize my speaking didn't get me where I needed to. I need to listen to the spirit. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit saith unto the churches. Now, I want you to notice something here as we start to close. There's only a prize if there's a winner. Now, you have to realize something. See, too many people believe that what happens is things happen and then God kind of works his way through things that are happening to achieve a goal. That's not the way it works. God, the scripture says, knows the end from the beginning. He thinks, he speaks, and then it happens. So God is moving all of this to produce his word. God's not reactive. God's creative. And so from the beginning, he has created things to go a certain way. That's why we can take Romans 8:28 and say, "All things work together for good." Why? Because from the beginning to the end, it's all him working. God's not sitting there and saying, "Oh my goodness, they backslid. I better respond. Oh, oh, look at the way the politics have shifted. I didn't see that coming. I've got to do this." No, no, no. God has seen it all. God has ordained it all. God has allowed it all. And God has checks and balances and a way through all of it by his word. God's not reacting to these things. Amen. He's creative. So when he says to him that overcomemeth, it's because there's an overcomer. This isn't like I better have a prize just in case one person makes it over the line. He's got a what? He's got a prize. He's got a reward because there's people that are ordained to overcome. Okay? Now, I want you to consider this. Overcoming is not just staying out of the world and the things of the world. Okay? Get that out of your head. That's a portion of it. That's the effect of it to a degree. But I can take you to many churches where there are people that have not the spirit and yet they are separate from the world and the things of the world. Absolutely 100%. There are wonderful Pentecostal people that have holiness nailed down, that don't go to movie theaters, that dress right, that talk right, listen to the good things. They are people that are separated from the world. They're virgins. Okay? The test is not are you a virgin, it's are you a wise virgin. Okay? Catch that. Okay? because we have people that are modest and humble and even holy if we put it that way. But there's a wise virgin that has the spirit that can listen to the counsel of God. Okay? The scripture says, "The bride hath made herself ready." What she has listened, she has obeyed, and she has put into action what the spirit is saying. She's received the spirit. She's received the word. The two come together and it produces exactly what it's supposed to. Bible overcoming is not just to be separate from the world. Bible overcoming is to stay with the word and not be deceived by those that try and manipulate it. Amen. It's not it's staying away from deception that's built into the word by false teachers and preachers. Amen. The battle is not can Satan make you do bad things. Anybody done any bad things this week? Don't show hands. I'll show mine. it. Anybody do anything that they know disappointed themselves, much less God. Okay. My wife and I both did pray for us. And Sister Moren, she raised both hands. It was a good trip. The goal of Satan is not to get you to do bad things. The goal is to separate you from the word. Because we all do bad things. We all do bad things. We're going to keep doing bad things until we get out of here because we are in fallen flesh. And until that flesh is changed, no matter how much our soul, our spirit, our heart is changed and sealed, this flesh will always do things that it ought not to do. And that's just the sad truth of it. Amen. But what he can do is if he can get us away from the word, then he's got us beat because that's our overcoming. That's our sword. That's our shield. It's our buckler. All of these things. But the criteria here is what? Who is the overcomer? He that hears what the spirit says and he yields himself or herself to it. Listen church. David, a man after God's own heart, fornicated and murdered. A man after God's own heart. His flesh got the better of him. But guess what? When the word came, he said, "You're right." He repented. &gt;&gt; He did what he could to make it right. And then what did he do? He moved on. Elijah was a man subject to like passions just as we are. It's not about sinless perfection. It's about will you stay with the word of God and come back to it when you make your mistakes. Will you repent, acknowledge it, and come back? Yield yourself back to the word of God. That's the criteria. The overcomer is he that hears what the spirit is saying. That'll take you in there. Listen to this as we're closing. So many say, "If the Lord will take this evil spirit from me from drinking or gambling or from lying or for stealing, I'll serve him." He says, "But that's up to you." See, you have to do something, too. They that overcome shall inherit all things. They that overcome, he says, you have power to do it. You have power to overcome, but you must be willing to lay it down. What? That habit down. Overcome has to start with the desire. Why is God going to take away your your your your lusting for pornography if you want it? What's the point? You want it. You got to say, "Lord, I don't want it. Lord, I'm wasting too much time on screens every day. I want to get rid of it. Church, he can do it." He can do it. Lord, I'm wasting too much time every day. Boy, have I ever had to talk to him about that since I became a a pastor. Lord, I can't let my time slip away doing silly things. I've got too much that needs my attention for me to be frittering away my time. I'm being honest this morning. God's had to deal with me. Son, you got to do better. But it's got to start with a desire. It's got to start with a desire. And everyone's saying, "God, do it. God, do it. God, do it." God says, "Listen, I can give you the overcoming power, but you got to want the overcoming power. You got to want to overcome. You got to want to fight. You got to want to push. You got to want to press. You got to come off cruise control, brother, sister. He says, you see, God cannot push us through a little pipe, pull us out the other end, and then say, "Blessed is he that overcomemeth." Isn't that the truth? He says, "You had nothing to overcome. He just pushed you through." He says, "But you've got to make decisions for yourself. I have to make decisions for myself. He says, "And in doing that, we show our faith and respects to God." And God bless you. Let's stand. What I want you to see here is that when you're in this position, that's when you're in the overcomer's position. Notice he said, "I'll grant you to sit in my throne even as I sat on my father's throne." Now, a throne is always a dominion. Amen. It's a place of do dominion or domain. And the scripture here is not just talking about a heavenly throne because the way it works, see, is we get a spiritual event or experience here that becomes a physical experience or event later. See, we get a throne here and then we get a throne there because there's going to be a day where the bride rules and reigns with Christ in the millennium with a rod of iron. We're going to sit in his throne with him and we're going to rule and reign with him. But there's a ruling and reigning now because to overcome means to have dominion. So, there's a throne that you're sitting in. And what's he saying? He's saying, listen, you've got to overcome as I overcame. How did Christ overcome, church? Filled with the spirit and submitted himself to the will of the father. And he's saying, if you will receive the spirit, it'll give you the same throne, the same dominion that I had. Because remember when Jesus stood before Pilate, he says, listen, you have no control over me. He says, I've got dominion over myself. The only way you have dominion is if it's given to you of my father. So your dominion today is not to go around and speak things into existence. Your dominion is the powers over sin in your own life. You got a spirit of God that's available today to give you overcoming power over that. Because I remember talking with brother Kingsley one time. I hope it's okay to say this, brother Kingsley. He was saying one thing he noticed when he was in Nigeria. people, these ministers with great gifts, prophecy, insight, discernment, all these things. He said, "But what I noticed is the people that went in were the same people that came out and there was no overcoming. There was no change." Why? Because the power was all in that man, and it wasn't in them. See, we're looking for God to do everything out there, but the throne that he wants to sit on is the throne of our heart and give dominion over sin. And that's by the that's only by the indwelling power of the spirit of God. He says, "You've got to want to let that power have dominion so that you can take dominion." You want to control sin, you've got to take in the power that can control sin, and that's only the spirit of God. You want to rule and reign, rule and reign over what you have control of right now, over what belongs to you. And if you'll do that, maybe I'll add too. I'll take you into adoption. I'll give you something to work with everyone else. I'll give you a ministry. I'll give you a gift. But first, you got to have that throne established in your heart where there is dominion over the world, Satan, sin, where character shines through in times of testing. And then that's when we can say, "I've overcome." That's the overcoming, church. He's coming for a bride that has overcome self. That's what character is. You've overcome self. You move from death into life. You're not bound now by what's good for this flesh. You're bound by what the word tells you to do. That's what godly character looks like. How are we going to get there? How are we going to overcome? He says, "He that hath an ear, let him hear." We have to act. That word hear doesn't mean listen. It means to hear it and understand it and put it into action. How do you overcome? You hear the word. You say, "Lord, that's for me. I want that." And then we'll lay down everything else that would hinder or hold us back or rise up against that word. That's why he says you got to want it. You got to be willing to lay down that hindrance. You got to be willing to lay down that practice, that habit, whatever it might be and say, "Lord, I'm laying it down cuz I want what you have for me." And that's the most important thing. That's what repentance looks like. Laying down and walking away. That's putting that's that's your fruits that are meat for repentance that show real repentance. How do we get it? Hear what the spirit is saying to the church. Amen. God bless you. It's over. We'll go back to absolute power next. We can have a hoop and holler in time, Brother Grant. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, I believe the cry of our hearts this morning, Lord, as we want victory, Lord, we want overcoming power. Lord, we want to be able to say that Satan has no room, no place, no power, no influence, Lord, in our lives, Lord. And you've given us a way to get through it. You've given us a way to overcome self, Lord. And it's by dying out and letting your spirit take full control in our lives, Lord. It's about submitting ourselves to your word, Lord. It's about feeding on your word. It's about wrapping ourselves in your righteousness, Lord. And it's about letting your spirit open our eyes to the truth. that's made for this hour. Lord, I pray, Lord, you'd help us to see every hindrance that's rising up. Lord, every bit of friction that Satan's trying to add into our lives to slow down your move, Lord. I pray you'd help us to see we've got decisions to make, Lord. We've got roads to choose, ways to go, Lord. And we need to choose it based on what your spirit's telling us. Not just gut feel, Lord. Not just by feeling or emotion, Lord. But we've got to choose it according to your will and your way. Lord, I pray you help us to seek it, Lord. Because you said if we seek, we'll find. If we'll knock, you'll open. Lord, you're looking for a people that want it. Lord, I believe we're that people. But I pray you help us to act like it every day, Lord. Let your spirit have full control. Lord, we ask you these things. committing ourselves, Lord, praying for those that are sick especially or Jensen home today. Praying you just raise them up, heavenly father. Lord, each one you know where they are, what they're doing, Lord. I pray your spirit would touch them. We pray, Lord, remembering Cherylyn Piery also, Lord God. Lord, your mercy and grace to her in her condition. Lord, that for your glory, you grant her a revelation, Lord, that divine healing is for her. In Jesus Christ's name, we're asking it. Amen. Amen. I know we sang this not too long ago, but can we sing more of you? 7:59. Like I said earlier, are we asking for more of him or more for me? It's so easy to tie our relationship with God to the blessings he gives us. But Job said, "Though he slay me, yet I'll trust him." Amen. Our our claim to blessing is not what we have. It's the word that he gives us that he makes a reality in our lives. Amen. So I pray we can sing this this morning with a real sincerity and say, "Lord, I want more of you." And that first Pentecostal church, the true Pentecostal church could say, "Lord, we need more of you." Church, we're not out of here yet. I say we need more of him this morning. Amen. We need more of his presence, more of his spirit, more of his word, more of his revelation. And I remember I remember talking to brother Garfield a year or two ago and we were talking about how far we need to move forward. I said, "Brother Garfield, what do you think we're lacking?" He says, "Is it I said, "Is it the spirit or the word?" He says, "All the spirit's there. We need a greater revelation of his word. The spirit's there to bless it, to make it a reality, but we need more of his word." Amen. The spirit's here to quicken it, but we've got to get into it. We got to say, "Lord, make your word live in my life." Amen. I want to get ahead. I want to become what this word's talking about. And it can only come with a heart's cry for Lord, I want more of you. Amen. Let's sing this together. Oh, more of you. [Music] More of you. Oh, I've had it all. What I need is more of you. Of things I've had my fill, of yet I hunger still. Oh, empty and bare. Lord, hear my prayer for more of you. And I need more of you. More of you. Oh, I've had it all. What I need is more of you. Of things I've had my fill, but yet I hunger still. Oh, empty and bare. Lord, hear my prayer for more of you. Give me more of you. More of you. [Music] I've had it all. of what I need is more of you. Of things I've had my fill, but yet I hunger still empty and bare. Lord, hear my prayer for more of you. Pour your spirit out on me. 12:21, [Music] Lord. I seek you. Help me find you. How I need your touch. touch. Find my dry and broken places. I'm thirsty for your love. Lord, forgive me if I wandered far away from you. You are all I ever needed. Come and make me new. and pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Lord, I seek you. Help me find you. Find my tri broken places thirsting for your love. Lord, forgive me where I wondered. Far away from you. For you are all I ever needed. Come and make me new. Pour your spirit out on me. All just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out and pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now pour your spirit out. My hope 1088. I stand in all within the presence of the Lord. In whom the wisdom of the ages lies. For whom the raging of the sea subides. The living sacrifice. The only source of life, my hope is in the Lord. From this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. His tender mercies come with every rising sun to meet the sinner in his brokenness. You offer healing and forgiveness. And those who trust in him will find their hearts at rest. My hope is in the Lord from this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. His tender mercies come with every rising sun to meet the sinner in his brokenness to offer healing and forgiveness. And those who trust, hallelujah, will find their hearts at rest is in the Lord. From this time on and ever more, oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. My hope is in the Lord from this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. My hope is in the Lord from this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. Amen. God bless you. We're going to sing that song, Breathe, as we start to close. Brother Kingsley, I'm going to ask you to close in prayer when we're done singing this. Man, remember the needs. Remember each other. Amen. Let's get closer to God. Amen. Let's give him the time that he deserves. Let's make him the priority in our lives day by day. Now give him what's left over. Let's give him what we have. Fit everything else into what's left over. Amen. Amen. Let's sing this together. [Music] This is the air I breathe. This is the air I breathe. Your holy presence living in me. This is my daily bread. This is my daily bread. Your very word spoken to me and I [Music] I'm desperate for you. And I [Music] I'm lost without you. And I And I And I I'm desperate for you. And I I'm lost without you. Sing it again. And I And I I'm desperate for you. And I [Music] I'm lost without you. This is the air I breathe. This is the air I breathe. This is the air I breathe. Your holy presence living in me. This is my daily bread. This is my daily bread. Your very word spoken to me and I [Music] I'm desperate for you. And I I'm lost without you. And I And I I'm desperate for you. And I I'm lost without you. [Music] Amen. in Jesus name. Our heavenly father, we thank you for the word that we have received today. We thank you for your word that is unchanging. Though our hearts sometimes may struggle to accept the reality of what your word is. Sometimes it's difficult for our hearts to accept the truth in your word because we've been used to lies and deceit because we have done things in ways that we thought were right because of our sincerity, our intentions. We have forsaken your words and your ways. We've been disobedient in many ways. For this we ask you, oh Lord, that you forgive us, that you cleanse our hearts from every darkness from every correctness in in our self-righteousness, from every views that we have, from the desires to be right, to keep things as they are instead of asking you for your for direction. We thank you for using your vessel, the pastor, to open our eyes to the reality of your word and to call us back in alignment to your word. We thank you Lord for you have been building upon us line upon line, present upon present, improving us daily as we continue to walk with you in faith in hope strongly holding on to your word and your will doing things as you have led us and you have directed us. continue to build that perfection in us, building us greater and greater to where you want us to be. That our lives will continue to be a ministry as we live it day by day. That people will watch and see and glorify the glory of your name and be lifted and be redeemed and be saved. Let our lives continue be a testimony in our workplace, in our homes, on the community, in the church, wherever we find ourselves. Help us to be that testimony that you have created us to be. Father, we pray for those that are not in church today. We ask that your mighty hands continue to be upon them, that your light continue to shine upon them and guide them, Lord. And for those that are feeling too well, Lord, we know that you are the healer. By your stripes, they are healed. And we know trouble and sickness may disturb us for the night but every morning there is joy. We thank you Lord for their day has become for their life is now day and their joy has been speaking for them. Thank you for the healing that is going on in the church and amongst everyone. Father I also pray strongly for the heart desires of everyone in church and not in church today. You know our individual heart desires. Lord, grant us these testimonies and grant us this heart desire that we will continue to see you in the light of who you are even when you do and do not do for of what we want. But we do ask you, oh Lord, that you show us mercy and you show us love like you always do. We thank you for the week that is already blessed. Having heard this word, we know our week is blessed. We thank you for giving us a blessed week and a blessed rest of the month and year to all your to all all of these would be only for your glory Lord and we take no pride in any of it. Continue to take all the glory Lord in Jesus heavenly name we pray and trust says amen. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, hey. [Music] We will praise. All to the glory. I know that I might be the me to give I he to me and I glor I feel the Lord. Oh, I hear the call and I know that [Music] of our heal. I hear the call and I know that his true me to give my all to me and I know the day I Save the Lord. [Music] Oh yeah. Heat. Heat. Where are you?
