################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-24 - 20250423 - The Token Life - Pt. 50 - No Room for Fear Pt. 1 - Bro. Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-24
Title:    20250423 - The Token Life - Pt. 50 - No Room for Fear Pt. 1 - Bro. Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 28m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_QoJ5Mdsd9Y
========================================

Description:
Scriptures & Quotes: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1XS551Jm1_T7OmDMb505Fnt9kKX_IjxTQ/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Hey, [Music] Let's go. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every [Music] chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. There is power in the name of [Music] Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. His power is the name of [Music] Jesus to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every [Music] chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. There's an army riseing up. There's an army rise up. There's a zombie rising [Laughter] up. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Come on. Thank you, Lord. Every chain. Break every chain. Sing it again. There's an army riseing up. There's an army rise up. Desert I'll be rising up. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. [Music] There is power in the name of [Music] Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of [Music] Jesus to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break everything. Amen. The thing uh 12:21 Lord I seek you. Help me find you. How I need your touch. Find my tri broken places thirsty for your love. [Music] Lord forgive me if I've wondered far away from you. You are all I ever needed. Come and make me new man. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain that you my thirsty soul. Let me fall a fresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. Cuz I need you now for your spirit out. Lord, I seek you. Help me find you. How I need your touch my face. Find my tri broken places thirsting for your love. [Music] thought for keeping. If I wondered far away from you, my you are all I ever needed. Come and make me new. Pour your spirit out on me. Oh, just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall fresh on me. my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Pour your spirit out on me. All just like the rain my thirsty soul. Come and pour aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Amen. Welcome everyone uh here this evening. Just some uh prayer requests. Uh brother Bob is not here tonight as you can tell. Uh he's he was going to song lead but uh him and sister Brenda and uh Kilmore uh taking a break. So we just pray for them this evening. pray for Sister Laura Snow. And uh just the latest update on that is uh she does need our prayers. There's been some complications and things that have come up. So her um the big thing is that she's lost the mobility in her legs and there's a concern that blood flow is not getting to the spinal cord. So they're requesting prayer that there's no more issues with the spinal cord, that her mobility will return and that the bleed in the cessum, if that's how you say that, that will heal on its own and she'll move forward with no more setbacks. So just pray grace to sister Laura Snow and the family and her husband Randy. Uh my mother-in-law a few weeks back, she was just uh dealing with some anxiety and things and she is doing better. Um, we just want to continue to pray for her and just go to give her a rest about the future. We pray for um, brother Abby, his foot. I didn't hear a report on that, but just keep remembering him in prayer. Uh, Priscilla's uncle Paul Batazi was diagnosed with kidney cancer today, and so we're just u just pray grace to him. He's got a meeting with a specialist in May. And so we're just trusting that uh you know that they can get him under control or or even better that the Lord will touch him and and just heal him completely. Um also uh we prayed for Lanny Carlet and understand that he's doing better. He's back to work. So we're thankful for that. Just continue to remember him in prayer. Um brother Kingsley's little fellow Kachi has got a temperature and so we just want to remember him in prayer that he'd feel better. Brother John's eye continues to uh be an issue and uh just pray that that would get resolved. Want to congratulate brother John, sister Blanca on our anniversary, 24th wedding anniversary. It's a big one. Um friend of mine, Rick Pilgrim, a client um collapsed three times last week. some electrical issues in his heart and just uh he needs to slow down and which I don't think is going to happen but uh just want to pray grace to him. Sister Cordella, brother Nelson, just many needs. Um just want to keep all these on on on our hearts and any unspoken request, let's just bring them to the Lord as we pray. U ask u David if you would uh open in prayer. Let's sing this chorus again. Pour your spirit out on me. All just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now for your spirit. [Music] [Music] [Music] Blessed Lord, we're so honored, Lord, to come to this place once more, Lord, to hear from you. Mighty God, we acknowledge, Lord, that we're just dust, Lord. But for you, mighty God, we're nothing. But you, mighty God, are everything, Lord. We have the words of life, even eternal life, Lord, and our God and our God alone. So Lord, we just give ourselves unto you, Lord, for your grace to us, Lord. We really give ourselves unto you, Lord, to surrender ourselves onto you. Abandon ourselves totally into your hands, Lord. And Lord, we know that thou are capable, Lord, of doing anything for thou alone, mighty God is God. So Lord, we just pray your grace tonight, Lord, that if we hear from your word, Lord, that you once again bless us, Lord, each one, Lord, that gather here tonight, Lord, with a little nugget, something Lord, that will help us in our walk with you, Lord, in the path that you sent us to walk in. Lord, we ask your grace, Lord, to answer prayer, Lord, according to your perfect will, Lord, for each prayer request that he followed us. Brother Joseph has spoken here tonight, Lord. We don't know. Blessed Lord, each heart. We just pray, oh God, you not leave one out, that you answer prayer for each one according to your will, Lord, your good pleasure, mighty God. And we ask you Lord to bless us Lord with discernment Lord. Understanding, wisdom Lord I know how to live for you Lord. We just ask you blessed Lord to give us off your Holy Spirit Lord. Your a time will come Lord when we need a double portion of your Holy Spirit. Lord just ask your grace Lord to to bless us Lord each time we gather here Lord with your word Lord. Heavenly Father, we just know, Lord, that time is short. And Lord, it's time Lord that if we're not serious, Lord, to get serious, Lord, get under business, Lord, with you, Lord. Lord, to do all that's within us, Lord, to serve you, Lord, to give ourselves more in prayer, more in reading your word and study, Lord. We know, mighty God, you've done it all, Lord. We don't have to rest in you, but your word says, Lord, that your bride makes herself ready, Lord. So we know, oh God, there's something we have to do, Lord. So we ask your grace to tonight, Lord, to going forth your word, Lord, that you'll feed us, Lord, with the bread of life. And may that word, Lord, accomplished, Lord, what you set out for to do. But we know, Lord, when you speak, it's not in vain, Lord. So, mighty God, in our weakness, Lord, in our failures, in our shortcomings, Lord, to look to you, Lord, we're no match for the enemy, Lord, but you are. That's why we're no match, Lord. But you want to be there, Lord, to show us your power and glory. Look to you, Lord, for all things, for strength, for wisdom, anything that we have desire of, Lord. All we had to do is look to you. And if we're fervent, Lord, in prayer, Lord, if we're sincere and honest, Lord, and willing, Lord, to give ourselves into your hands, Lord, we know you are answered prayer for us. So grace to each one now, Lord, that to hang on to you, Lord, and never let go. Serve you, Lord, with all of our hearts and all of our soul. And thirst after you, Lord, to hunger after you, Lord. That's a good That's a good sign right there, Lord. We hunger and thirst after you. So for your grace and let answer our prayer Lord that brother Joseph mentioned and is any other prayer on the hearts of anyone else that's here Lord you know what that request is and we add that to the list Lord and all the prayer request mighty God that's around Lord who couldn't make it here tonight Lord we ask you ask we ask your grace to each one and Lord we ask your grace Lord to bless your ministry Lord all over the world. So Lord, they need you Lord. Jonathan needs you Lord here Lord. He needs your he needs your presence Lord weapon your anointing your Holy Spirit. So bless him Lord we ask Lord bless him Lord with his good health and strength Lord we would ask him Lord for his holy Lord if the doctors cannot help him Lord we know mighty God that there's there's a a procession in in Gilead Lord. So we look to you in the great position that you would that you would intercede for him Lord and you would touch him as all prayer requests mighty God. We know a doctor you got doctors Lord and nurses and herbs in the earth but when all that failed Lord and we have you Lord to do directly Lord. So we pray you would just intercede Lord your own personal self Lord and give give healing. If you commit the service to your hand, if you commit this service Lord into your hands now, we just ask you greatly bless us here tonight Lord with praise unto you Lord and worship and we know Lord you will feed us with your word. So grace towards each one Lord we commit to service into your hands in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. [Music] the number, but uh will you go? I think it's called. Yeah, that's it. They're bound for the land of the pure and the holy, the home of the high. May the kingom of love. He wanders from God in the broad road of falling. Oh, say will you go to the Eden above? Will you go? Will you go? Will you go? Will you go? Oh, say will you go to the Eden? Mar on happy field from the land is before you. And soon it's 10,000 still and deep lights we will. Yes, soon we shall walk for the gifts of bright glory and drink of your joys of eaten up. Will you go or will you go? Will you go? Will you go? Oh, say will you go to the heedened above? And yet we would not forsake me. We hold yet a more that we move. Oh, come to the Lord. In his arms he will take day and thee along to the eden. Will you go? Will you go? Will you go? Will you go? Oh, say will you go to the mar the land is before you and soon it stelights We will grow. Yes, we shall walk for the years of bright glory and drink of your joys of eating above. Will you go? Will you go? Will you go? Oh, will you go? Oh, say will you go to the [Music] Eden? It's a long time since we sung that one. Listen. Uh, I know it was the blood. Number eight. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood for me. One day when I was lost, he died upon the cross. I know it was the blood for me. Oh, I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was me. One day when I was on the cross, it was the blood for me. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood for me. One day I was lost. He died on the cross. I know it was the blood for me. Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. I to be kind. Victory today in my son. Oh, victory in mine. Victory in my hand. Victory in mind. I'm for Satan to get behind. Victory man. Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory [Music] today behind. Oh, victory today is mine. Feeling so much better talking about this good old way. Feeling so much better talking about the Lord. So, let's go on. Let's go on talking about this. Let's go on. Let's go on talking about the Lord. Feeling so much better talking about this good old faith. Feeling so much better talking about the Lord. Let's go on. Let's go on talking about this good morning. Let's go on Thursday. The devil he don't like it talking about this good old he don't like it talking about the Lord. Let's go on and let's go on talking about this good old man on let's go on talking about the Lord. The devil keep on like talking about this good old keeping talking about the Lord. Let's go on. Let's go on talking about this little Let's go on. Let's go on talking about the Lord. Amen. Let's sing that 12:32. And I've seen a vision harsh and sweet. A one who gave all he had for me. I've seen the passion of his death and the forgiveness of his final breath. Now I can never be the same. My heart has been forever changing. I want to live and love and keep the way he gave. Now I'm keeping my life away. Laying it down on the altar. Now I'm giving my life away. The very least I can offer is [Music] my. So here I stand today giving my life away. [Music] could be too great. No sacriice too much to make. No way of meuring the cross to the blood of Calary's cross. And if I live, I live for him. Or if I die, I count. It came. My life is not my own, but from this day on. Now I'm giving my life away. Laying it down on the altar. Now I'm giving my life away. The very least I can offer is my. So here I stand today, giving my life away. And now I'm giving my life away. Lay it down on the altar. Now I'm giving my life away. The very least I can offer is my home. spoke last day today. Giving my life away. And now I'm giving my life away. Lay it down on the altar. Now I'm giving my life away. The very least I can offer is my [Music] home. So here I stand today, giving my life away. Let's stand. I forgot one prayer request. It's brother Levi. He's not here tonight. He's been throwing up and not feeling well. I remember him. As brother John comes to sing 105, Jesus be the Lord of all. Jesus be the Lord of all. Jesus be the Lord of all. Jesus be the Lord of all the kingom of my heart. Jesus I surrender all. Jesus I surrender. [Music] All Jesus I surrender all the kingoms of my heart. Oh Jesus be the Lord of all. Jesus be the Lord of all. Jesus be the Lord of all the kingoms of my heart. Heavenly Father, Lord, that's our earnest desire this evening. Lord, is that you would be Lord, not just Savior, Lord, not just to preserve us and save us from our past and ourselves, Lord, but we want you to be Lord, that we could be led and guided, Lord, that we can be, Lord, sons and daughters that can follow the leading of your spirit day by day, Lord. That means we've got to make you the head of this life, the head of our houses, the head of our families, the head of our very selves, Lord God. Lord, it's a walk of surrender. It's a walk of trust. It's a walk of faith to let you lead and we'll follow behind, Lord. But I pray you grant us grace day by day to do it, Lord. That we be doers of the word, not just hearers of the word only. Lord, bless your people here today, Lord. Be with those that couldn't make it, Lord. Those that are studying, those that are sick, Lord, those that are traveling, Lord, we pray your mercy and grace to be with them, each one, Lord. But with those that have come, Lord, we pray a special blessing to them, Lord, for being faithful, Lord. And we pray your grace that you have ministered to them as well this night, Lord. We ask all these things. Commit this service now into your hands. In Jesus Christ's name we pray it. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Turn if you would to First John chapter 4. 1 John chapter 4. Amen. A smaller group here tonight and certainly sorry to hear those that are not feeling well. We all know what that's like, but just trusting God to reach down and touch them each one. Amen. Amen. First John chapter 4 and verse 18. and and uh very familiar scripture. He says there is no fear in love. None. Zero. Nada. There is no fear in love. But perfect love casteth out fear. So how do you go from no fear to love? How do you get a life where you live without fear? You've got to get into perfect love. He says and perfect love casteth out fear. He says because fear had torment. He that fearth is not made perfect in love. Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats this evening. I'm coming back to our series on on the the Holy Ghost that we're calling the token life. And we remember what Jesus said. He said, "My words, they are spirit and they are life." They're not just dead letters. They're not just words written on a page, but they're the very thoughts of God. They're the intentions of God. They're the attributes of God. Amen. And they're meant to be living thoughts. They're meant to be in our life. And we're supposed to be expressing them. And the only way we can do that is by the token life of the Holy Ghost. That we have the life of God inside of us. And the scripture says that's what our life is supposed to be. Paul said, "In him we move, live and move and have our being." Everything that we are is supposed to be enveloped. It's supposed to be wrapped up in Christ. But I want to take us down a bit of a different direction on that thought for the next couple of services. And we're going to be speaking on a a subtitle of No Room for Fear. Amen. No room for fear. And I don't know how long it's going to take. I've got a lot laying there and I've been talking to some people over the the last few months about aspects of this and just trusting that the Lord will take us in the direction he wants. But we want to talk about no room for fear. And he said in the start he says perfect love casteth out fear. So if we're fearful, if we're making fearful decisions, if we have moments of fear, if we're worried, if we're anxious, it's perfect love that's going to do the work that's required there. And we know that's the Holy Ghost itself. But I want to take us back to Romans 8 this evening because this is just one of the greatest chapters of the scripture. Brother Paul Coffee was saying, he said, "I think Romans 8 is the greatest because it's encouraging. It's positive. It's prophetic. It's teaching. It it positionally places you. It gives you kind of a a great picture of the whole experience of what it means to have the new birth and receive the Holy Ghost in your life." And I want to just start here in Romans 8 and 14. We're kind of picking up where we left off from before Easter. And Paul said, and we we read this before and and we're going to get into what this really looks like. And Paul said, "For as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God." And this this idea of being led by the spirit plays directly into this thought tonight and into what we read next even in the scripture. And that's that spirit-led children of God have a different mindset and they have a different approach and a different attitude to how they deal with things in life. We could say they have a particular mindset and it's not that of the world. It's in contrast to what they had before. And Paul says it this way. He says, "For ye have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear, but ye have received the spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, Abba, Father." He said, "The spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit that we are the children of God. And if we're children, then we are heirs. We are heirs of God, joints with Christ. If so be that we suffer with him that we may be also glorified together. Now I want to come back to that verse 15 and it's where we'll be focused on this evening and throughout this series. Certainly Paul says ye have not received the spirit of bondage. That word bondage means the spirit of slavery and servitude. So he says you haven't received the spirit of slavery or servitude. And then he says you haven't received it again. In other words, you had it before and now you're going back to it. In other words, he's saying you used to have this and you don't have it now as spiritfilled Christians. Then he says, you've not received the bondage of spirit again to fear. That word fear means to be in terror or fleeing or trying to save yourself. So if we were to take all those those words and resubstitute them back into this, then Paul would be saying, you have not received the spirit of slavery to go back to terror and trying to save yourself, but you have received the spirit of adoption whereby we cry, "Aba, Father." So there's a spirit of terror. There's a spirit of trying to save yourself that we had before we ever received the baptism of the Holy Spirit. And it's trying to take us back to that. Okay? Anyone that's come out from Catholicism can tell us exactly what this looks like. And maybe you don't need to hear me preach this tonight. But I want to preach about the mindset of fear that can come over the believer and can get them in a grip where they're doing everything because they're scared. And that is never Christ, church. That is never Christ. To do things out of fear is a spirit of bondage. It's a spirit of terror. And it belongs to Satan. It never belongs to the Christian. Now, what is the spirit of bondage that resulted in fear? you I say it's satanic today because there was a time where it was of God certainly to a degree and if we go back to Romans 8 and verse one it says Paul says there's therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus who walk not after the flesh but after the spirit he said for the law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus has made me free from the law of sin and death. He said that the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us who walk not after the flesh, but who walk after the spirit. For they that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh, but they that are after the spirit, the things of the spirit. He says, for to be carnally minded is death, but to be spiritually minded is life and peace. So he said, you there is a law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus, but there used to be a law of sin and death. And you'll find that where there's a law, there's a spirit that goes with it. Okay? There's something that's behind it, there's a life that's behind it, there's an attitude or a mindset. So, we look here and what is the spirit of bondage that Paul spoke of deeper in Romans 8? What is that spirit of fear? It's to be carnally minded and to be under the law of sin and death, under the law of dos and don'ts. It's to be under a law of works whereby we look at what we're doing and we either give ourselves a big thumbs up or we go and we huddle in the corner and we're just waiting for God to drop the hammer on us and judge us and condemn us or for plagues to break out in our body or for us to fall over dead or for life to fall apart because we did something we know we ought not to do. That's a spirit of slavery. That's a spirit of slavery. And so we we've got this idea conjured up in our head. What's going to happen if I do this? And then we do it and then we're just sitting there waiting for it all to happen. It's funny. I'll make it may make you laugh this evening. I never touched a woman until I married my wife because I was scared that the minute I touched a woman, she'd get pregnant. That's a spirit of fear. But it protected me. For a time it was good because until you get the spirit of Christ, spirit of fear will work just fine. But it's not what God intends. God is not trying to keep us under fear. God is trying to protect us. God's trying to keep us. God's trying to preserve us. But that God is not looking for us to live under a life of dos and don'ts based on what the results are going to look like. He's trying to bring us into a different spirit, into a different attitude. Okay. So I want to jump now to Hebrews chapter 10. And Paul says this, "For if we s sin willfully after that we've received the knowledge of the truth, there remainth no more sacrifice for sins." That ought to make you fearful. No more sacrifice for sins. If there's no sacrifice for sins, you cannot be redeemed. You can't come into the presence of God. You're lost because you're dead in your sins. He says, "But but if if we do that, there's no more sacrifice for sins. But there is a certain fearful looking for of judgment and fiery indignation which shall devour the adversaries." Whoa. That sounds like God's hammer coming down, doesn't it? The wrath and the might and the anger of God coming down. And then he then Paul takes us back and he says, "He that despised Moses' law." So anyone that rejected by disobedience Moses law died without mercy under two or three witnesses. Now I want to look at that thought of si that line or phrase of sin willfully because we look at that and we think that it's a law. It's it's about dos and don'ts because he points back to Moses and he points back to the law. But that's not what's really meant there because you'll find your dos and don'ts go back to something beyond dos and don'ts. There has to be something behind it. So we have to remember what sin is and then we can figure out what sinning willfully is also about. And if we look at the original sin, what was it? Who did it? What was the actual sin there? According to Paul, Adam was not the one who sinned. It was his wife who sinned. It was Eve that sinned. In first Timothy, he said Adam was not deceived, but the woman being deceived was in the transgression. In other words, he says Adam did not sin. The woman sinned. She she crossed the law of God. And yet, if you were to read the Bible just casually, you would say, "Brother John, they both did the same thing." And they did both do the same thing. But what was it that they did before they did the same thing? It was not the same thing. Are you still with me? What they did before their actions was completely different. The mindset and the approach of what happened. Remember what was the difference between Adam and the woman. Paul says Adam or or sorry between Adam and the woman he says Adam was not deceived. The woman was deceived. She was deceived into believing a lie and she chose to believe the lie of the serpent when he said, "Thou shalt not surely die." After God had said, "Thou shalt surely die." The Satan said one thing and then God's word said another. And so the serpent contradicted God's word and Eve disobeyed God's word. because she disbelieved God's word and that led her to disobey God's word. Adam did not disbelieve God's word but he did obey it. So if they both did the same action in disobeying that was not the sin. The sin was what happened before that which is that Eve disbelieved the word of God. Adam did not disbelieve the word of God. Adam believed the word of God but he accepted the consequences with a with an open mind. He knew going in what it was going to be. At least intellectually he had some concept. Amen. So the the the sin is not what you do. Sin is what you believe or what you disbelieve as the case be would be. Sin is unbelief. Everything you do under that is just the attributes of sin. But because it's all tied to that unbelief, it's all under the same umbrella. And so we say it's all sin. And it is all sin. It's all under the umbrella of unbelief. But I want to take us back to root principles on this this morning or this evening just so we can anchor this in before we move on because it's key to moving forward into this into this thought that we have this evening and moving forward the rest of the week in that Paul said this. He's speaking now of the children of Israel. He says, "But with whom was he grieved 40 years?" Speaking of God, who is it that angered God? Who is it that grieved God? He said, "Was it not them that had sinned whose carcasses that fell in the wilderness?" He says, "Isn't it the people that sinned whose bodies fell and died in the wilderness?" He says, "Isn't that who grieved God?" Those that sinned. He says, "And to whom swearing that they should not enter into his rest, but to them that believed not." To those that disbelieved, he says, "So we see that they could not enter in because of sin." He says, "Because of unbelief." What is their sin? Their sin was unbelief. Remember the children of Israel did a lot of sinning on the road from Egypt to Canaan. We could say, listen, Aaron, they they told Aaron to create to them a god that they could worship. He made them a golden calf. They worshiped it. They got into all kinds of sensual worship. Then they went and they murmured against Moses. They threatened to kill him. They complained to God. They they they joined with Balum into that that sensual worship, which is exactly what they're doing today, blending sensuality with the beliefs that that were written and given to them. And they did all these things. And church, if God was wanting to judge them, he had every opportunity to judge them. And God did judge them at times. He brought a a a response to the things that they did. Amen. They backslid constantly. But it's a curious thing that God now looking back through history, speaking to Paul, he says, Paul, they didn't they weren't dead in the in the wilderness because of what they did. It's because of what they thought. It's because of how they responded to the word of God. Amen. God never judged them for wanting to go back to Egypt. God never judged them just for for worshiping the golden calf. But he judged them because when he came up to the land that he had promised them, they said, "We cannot do it." And he had said, "I'm going to take you in. I'm going to drive them out. They'll be I I'll go before you and drive the inhabitants out. I'll put the fear of you in them. you're going to get through it. And they said, "No, we can't do it." That's when God judged them forever. They are eternally separated from God for their unbelief. And the only ones that went in were Joshua and Caleb. And what did Joshua and Caleb say? We are more than able to take the country. We're more than conquerors. That's the mindset of a child of God. We're more than conquerors. They took God at his word. Uh Joshua and Caleb believed God. It doesn't say that Joshua and Caleb never did anything wrong. They didn't join in the other things, that's for sure. But they weren't perfect men, but they believed God. And that's what God's looking at. You'll see that God looks time and time again at the heart. God is not trying to judge us. God's trying to get us across the finish line, but he needs people that will believe him. And so God coming through Paul, he says, "Listen, the problem with those people was that they didn't believe my word." And that was their sin. Their sin was that they couldn't take me at your word. And so, we'll see this time and time again through scriptures. God will discipline you based on your actions. But God is not wanting to judge you. God is wanting to get you into the blessings and the promises of his word. And those people, they disbelieve the word. They disbelieve the prophet. They disbelieve the messenger. And for that, God God let them die in the wilderness. He said, "That's it. You're done." He let it go for a while, but then he said, "That's it. It's all done." But remember, David should have died. You talk about sinning. David committed murder. David committed adultery. But here's the thing. Nobody knew everything that David did. But the prophet comes and he tells David a story. And David gets all worked up in in his self-righteous nature for that day. And he says, "The man that did this should die." And Nathan the prophet says, "Thou art the man." And what did David do? He says, "You're right." And he repented. David should have died. But you'll notice God didn't kill him because you have to remember, and we'll read this a little bit, under the law, you had to have two or three witnesses. David only had one witness for saying to kill Uriah, and that was the messenger he sent to Joab. That was the only one. And for adultery, there were no witnesses particular to that. But you see what God did. God still disciplined David. The baby didn't live. The baby didn't live. God judged David for what he did, but he didn't kill him. God's not trying to kill people. God's not trying to destroy our lives based on one bad decision. That's not the nature of God. God's trying to preserve us. God's trying to keep us. He's trying to protect us. And that's why he tells us do this and it's why he tells us don't do that. Okay. But the the the requirement, the antidote to sin and the law of sin and death has always been one thing. Believe the word of God. Believe the word of God. Remember what Jesus said in John 6. He said, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that believeth on me hath everlasting life." You believe it, you'll do it. And if you do it, it'll take you where God wants you to go. He says, "I am that bread of life. Your fathers did eat mana in the wilderness and are dead. They ate the supernatural heavenly food of angels and they still died. This is the bread himself, he says, which cometh down from heaven that a man may eat thereof and not die. I am the living bread which came down from heaven. And if any man eat of this bread, he shall live forever. And the bread that I will give is my flesh which I will give for the life of the world. We spoke last service how that communion is the remember Jesus said, "This is my body which is broken for you and this is my blood which is shed for you. What is his body? He is the word. So when you eat his flesh, what are you saying? It's what we read in Revelation 10. You're saying, "Give me the book. Give me the word and let me eat it. Let me it become a part of me. Make it one with me and then I can produce the word all over again." And then what is the blood? The blood is the carrier of life. What is the life? It's the spirit of God. So you take the spirit of God and you combine it with the word and what do you have? The living word. You have the living word all over again. That's what Christ was. And that's eternal life is when you have Christ, the word living inside of you. So the antidote of sin and death is to accept and act upon the word of God. That's what Joshua and Caleb did. They acted on the word of God. And God blessed them. And he says, "For their faith, they'll go in." And I'll give them a spot in there just for themselves. So if we come back, we're making a big circle this evening to Hebrews 10. And it says, "For if we sin willfully," let's put the word in. If we disbelieve willfully after that we've received the knowledge of the truth, there remainth no more sacrifice for sins, but a certain fearful looking for of judgment and fiery indignation which shall devour the adversaries. He that despised Moses law die without mercy under two or three witnesses. I'm not here to preach a fire and brimstone service tonight. Far from it. But that you can take and you think, well, brother John, I heard the word once and I didn't accept it. Does that mean I'm lost? No. God has a time. God has a season. Amen. And God will hold you accountable eventually. But that's between you and God. There are people that don't get saved until they're old. And there's people that get saved at a very young age. There's people that receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost at a very young age. That's between you and God. But I'll tell you, if there's a pull in your heart, move then. That's the time to move because God's moving. If it if it's going that way, I would say it this way. He says, "Now he that what willfully? He that sins, and what is sin? It's unbelief. He that will turn his back on truth when it's presented to him, there remainth no more sacrifice for sin. He that disbelieves willfully after truth has been presented to him because his church believes different. That's when you cross the line. He has a knowledge of the truth and won't accept it. He says drinking, smoking, gambling, doing evil things, that isn't sin. That's the attributes of unbelief. You do that because you're an unbeliever. Now, we don't do any of these things. I I I'm pretty sure. I'm pretty sure. But there are some things we do and you'd say, "Well, Brother John, does that make me an unbeliever?" That may make you an unbeliever about that area of your life. It may be an area of your life that you haven't truly given over to God. You haven't made him Lord of your life in that area. But I'll tell you one thing, if he wants it out, he's going to work on you. He'll he'll work on you, and that's okay. But let him work on you. Don't let everybody else work on you, cuz it won't they won't take it out, and they won't keep it out. they won't replace it with anything else. Sometimes we can put so much pressure on somebody to change because we know that what they're doing is wrong. And if we do it prematurely before God is moving, then you know what happens? They go in worse than ever. We cause a failure by our religious pressure. Even with the best of intentions. Even with the best of intentions, he says you do that because you're an unbeliever. If you are a believer, you would not do those things. It bears the fruit what? it. The spirit of God bears the fruit of peace, joy, longsuffering, gentleness, patience, holiness. That's the fruits of the spirit. He says, "But the fruits of the evil spirit is doubt." He says, "He that believeth not is condemned already. Then if the truth comes to you in such a way that you have a knowledge of it, and then refuse to receive it, there remains no more sacrifice for your sin, but a fearful looking toward of judgment, which is what we just read in Hebrews." But I want to take us back from here now back to the way that this mindset came about and what it produced because you can have two people that read the exact same book that read the exact same Bible and come out completely differently. And it's based on the spirit that's on them when they're reading it. Okay? So, we'll see that when it comes to Jesus day, after a couple thousand years of reading the laws and the books of Moses and the prophets, you had people that turned out completely differently reading the exact same material, sitting under the exact same ministries in many case. And what happened was they took Moses law and they started working on it and they started trying to fulfill it and they produced a problem. And that problem was that they magnified it in a way that God never intended. And it led the people into bondage and it led them into a a a religion that destroyed them in the end. So we're going to go back and we're going to look at this idea of God sending the law and the mentality that came with it and the intentions of God even behind it. So we're going to look at Leviticus 18. It says, "And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying, speak unto the children of Israel and say unto them, I am the Lord your God." And now God starts to lay down some rules. He starts to lay down some guidelines. He says, "After the doings of the land of Egypt, wherein you dwell, you shall not do it." So he says, "The way they did things in Egypt, you're not going to do it." And he says, "And after the doings of the land of Canaan, whether I bring you shall you not do." He says, "So you can't do what you what they do where you left, and you can't do what they're doing where you're going." He said, he says, "Neither shall you walk in their ordinances. So you can't have the traditions of what you're leaving. You can't have the traditions of where you're going. You need something different. And verse four, he says, "You shall do my judgments and keep mine ordinances to walk therein. I am the Lord your God." So God is drawing now a separating line. Okay? There's one thing that God is. He's a separator. He's drawing a line between the the children of God, the chosen of God, and everyone else. And he says, "You cannot live a life like everybody else. you can't do it. He says, "I'm going to set guidelines for you. I'm going to set laws. I'm going to set ordinances. I'm going to set requirements before you. And those shall you do because I am the Lord your God." And then he says this. Now, he's doing all this based on his original design. He's got a he's got a reason for doing this. Okay? We'll see this as we go. He's got these these these root principles, these root design principles that he's built into the earth. And that's what he's trying to do here. He says, "So you shall do my judgments and keep mine ordinances to walk therein. I am the Lord your God." He says, "Ye shall therefore keep my statutes and my judgments, which if a man do, he shall live in them. I am the Lord." You go to a different version, it says, "Keep my statutes and ordinances. A person will live if he does them. I am the Lord." And then he'd continue now through Leviticus 18. And he'd say, "Now, don't do this as such and such a group does, and don't do this as such and such a group does, and be careful not to do this, and be careful about not to do that." And he talked a lot about sexual sin. He talked a lot about idolatry. He talked about offering your children as a sacrifice. He talked about fraud. He talked about playing a joke on a blind person and tripping them up. He says, "You don't put a stumbling block in front of a blind person." I guess maybe that was something that they did back then. because it would be hilarious. No, it wouldn't. And then he would talk about avenging yourself and bearing grudges. Okay, catch that. Sexual sin, idolatry, offering your children to a fiery sacrifice before Molech and grudges. And he says, "You don't do any of it." God equates grudges and sexual immorality the same in this chapter. That's pretty heavy-handed, isn't it? That's serious. That ought to tell us how serious it is when we've got a problem with a brother or sister and how we act in those things. And then he would say this, he finished the chapter. He goes down, he lays out a bunch of rules. God gave 613, I think, rules to the Israelites. A lot of rules. And then he says, "For who whosoever shall commit any of these abominations, including grudges, even the souls that commit them shall be cut off from among the people. You'll be kicked out if you did these things he told you not to do." And that was a big deal because if you were kicked out from the the the children of Israel, you were out from the presence of God because Moses was there and the t and the the the tabernacle was there and the presence of God was there. The word of God was there. If you left the people, you left Moses, which means you left God, which means you were outside of God completely. You had no access to God. And so you were lost. It was eternal separation. Okay? He says, "So if you don't want to be lost," he says, "Keep mine ordinances that you commit not any one of these abominable customs which were committed before you, and that you defile not yourselves therein." The translation there is so that you don't make yourself unclean. And then he said again, I am the Lord your God. And then he starts to lay down more and more of these rules. And he he lays out a little a doozy of a scripture and I'm leading up to something. So stay with me here tonight. I know this is not a traditional service, but we're getting into a much bigger thought, but I want to show you how we get into some of these mindsets and and issues in our minds and the way we do things. And I'm just going to take my time. I'm not going to hurry with it. And so in Leviticus 19, this is the beautiful verse. God says, and this is in the CB version. And I I I thought it felt uh just a little more uh typical to us. God says you must keep my rules. And and and the intonation there is or else or else. Because under the law of Moses, everything was do this or else and don't do this or else. And the or else was usually death, punishment, heavy financial loss, public embarrassment. Nothing good came out of this if you did something that you weren't supposed to. It was always punishment and death for disobedience. And that's carried through into the church even today. And I'm not saying into this church, but I'm saying into many churches in general. It's this mindset where you preach death, hell, and damnation over everything that a person does. And so the mindset is that if I do anything wrong, then God's going to destroy my life because I knew better. But that's not what we see in the New Testament. It's an Old Testament mentality being brought into the gospel of Jesus Christ. I'm here to preach the gospel that takes us out from the law of sin and death. It brings us into the law of the spirit of life in Christ. And they have completely different mindsets. They have completely different responses. Okay? And so he says this, "You must keep my rules." Now, here's three rules, church. Do not crossbreed your animal species. Do not plant your field with two kinds of seed. And do not wear clothes made from two kinds of materials. God is saying this. This is not Moses. Moses is not making up. This is a heavenly directive to Moses here. It's not man's laws. It's not man's religion. These are requirements from God. Now, he doesn't say if you do it, you'll die. But why is God doing this? God's doing it to protect them. God's doing them to focus them. And he's doing them to keep the doing it to keep them obviously separate as well. Okay? These things are a reflection of the greater principle of God. And we'll see it as we punch through these this evening. First thing he says, don't crossbreed your species. God created what? Animals individually. You have families of animals that we would call a species. So you have wolves and dogs and coyotes and foxes. That is a set a set species. It's the canine, right? Then you have the horses. Then you have the cows and you have the elephants. He says don't try and blend them. So you can take an Arabian horse and you can blend it with a Morgan horse and that's completely fine because they're part of the same species, right? You get the Arabian's looks, you get the Mustang's endurance, and it turns into a beautiful thing perhaps. But what he's saying is don't take a horse and blend it with a cow. Then you get a how and the name tells you you shouldn't try it, right? He's saying don't try and blend it. I sometimes have wondered if perhaps the dinosaurs weren't the a product of this. That's just me. Of them blending things somehow, an unholy blending of things. God says, "Don't do it. Today, we've got people that are born a man and they think they're a woman. We've got people that are born a woman that think they're a man. We've got people that are born and think that they're both or neither. We've got people that are born and think they're animals. You know how we know that's wrong, church? Because we know the scripture says God created man and he created a woman. Two individual groups within that species. And he didn't blend. He didn't combine them in any way. He created them distinctly. And God's saying, "Look, I've made things distinct. Stop trying to blend it. Don't try and and turn it into something that they weren't supposed to be. God separated them out from the beginning and he's saying, "Stop trying to mess up what I created. Stop trying to do something different with it." Then he says, "Don't plant your field with two kinds of seed." Now, in terms of impact, there's no reason you can't do this. I researched it. So, as far as I know, there's no reason not to do this. There are perhaps some practical reasons. If you plant two things that are completely different, if you plant corn with potatoes, well, we know potatoes are under the ground and they don't come up that high. Corn gets really tall. You've ever seen a corn field, they can go 8, 10 feet tall. If the corn gets so tall that the sunlight can't get to the potatoes, the warmth can't get there. Obviously, it's going to impact your potatoes. Not a good idea. But practically, it doesn't mean you won't get potatoes and corn. If you plant barley with wheat, they'll still grow together and they'll be just fine. But God's trying to set a pattern. Don't blend things that are different. He said, "Don't blend your religion. Don't blend your customs. Don't marry into them. Keep it separate." And he says, "Keep the separation through everything in your life. Keep it clean." Cuz I made it that way. And so don't introduce confusion. You think about it. If you've got two crops that mature at different times and you go and try and harvest one, what are you going to do to the other? you're going to damage or destroy it. In other words, he's saying you're going to waste time and energy and resources if you blend two things together. Don't do it in your fields. If you need corn and potatoes, have a corn field and have a potato field. Leave them separate. But there's nothing spiritually wrong here. But God says don't do it. He's trying to protect them from something that's going to have no benefit to them. There's nothing to be gained by doing this. Remember what scripture says? How can two walk together except they'd be agreed? That's what he's saying here. Two things aren't going to grow well together. Leave them alone. Plant them separately and things will go better. That's why believers can't marry unbelievers. I don't care how good a heart they have. I don't care how nice they are. I don't care how respectful they are. A believer cannot marry an unbeliever. Listen, if you believe this message, don't go marry a good Baptist. Don't go marry a good Pentecostal. Don't go marry a good nominal Christian, charismatic. No, it's not going to work. We're not the same. We're not the same. You can't do it. Amen. Why? Two different things are they don't blend. And when you're spiritually minded in a different way, it's never going to work. And I've seen it too many times in my life, people I've met, couples I've met, and one was a Christian and one wasn't. And guess what? It never turns out well. It never turns out well. Now look at this third one. He says, "Don't wear clothes made from two kinds of materials." Why? Cuz I'll go to hell. No, it has nothing to do with hell or heaven. The thing with materials is that they have a different stretch ratio. They have a different strength ratio. And so when you put the two of them together and in time as you wear them, as you wash them, they will stress and pull at the seams because they expand and they shrink at different rates. And so literally, the garment will fight itself. And if you do nothing more than wear it and wash it, it will destroy itself by internal friction and and stress. He's not saying you're unspiritual if you do it. He's saying you're stupid. He's saying don't do it. Why not? He never said why, church. Catch this. He never said why. He said just don't do it. What are we supposed to learn when God says don't do it? Don't do it. And say, Lord, I trust that you've got a purpose in this. And I'll tell you what, I guarantee you, somebody said, "I don't know why, and I'm going to do it." And you know what they found out? They found out it doesn't work. It's way easier to accept God when he says, "Don't do it. It doesn't work." Than to go in and find out God was right. Once again, because he's always right. The word is always right. We're grinning, but sometimes we do it. We go in, remember they they put a sign on a bench. It says, "Wet paint, do not touch." What does every man do? We go up and see if that was if that was written for us. cuz it might be dry now. We want to see how wet that paint really is. Kids do it all the time. You tell them not to do it. They want to find out for themselves. Church, don't find out for yourself. God's trying to preserve you. God's trying to keep you from doing things. Okay? God's trying to drive home a principle here. Keep separate what God has made separate. And that's a that's a way to live our life. Stay separate the way God has told us to stay separate. And the thing is is that people take these things and they try and modify them. They try to improve them. They try and blend them. They try and do all these things. And I think that's been one of the greatest detriments to Christianity is that they've tried to improve on something that God has already laid out. God lays out a plan. God lays out a purpose. God lays out structure. God lays out all of these things. And then they take it and they take God's program and they try and improve it. They try and make it more palatable. They try and make it more inclusive. Come on. I've shared some things with some of the brothers and even my wife. These things that they're trying to make inclusive. I saw one today where they took the movie The Princess Bride and they turned it into the the death, crucifixion, and the crucifixion, death, and and uh resurrection of Jesus Christ. Why would you take a movie to represent the very thing of Christ? But what are they doing? They're trying to attract people. They're trying to make it palatable. Church, this gospel is not inclusive. It's exclusive. Come out of her, my people. That's what it says in the book of Revelation. It calls you out. The gospel is never mainstream. You want to know if somebody's preaching the word? If it's mainstream, it's wrong. Easy. Easy. Because the world will align with the world. And so, if the world will align with it, if the majority will align with it, I guarantee you it's wrong somewhere. It's wrong somewhere. It's never mainstream. The gospel is never mainstream. The word is never mainstream. It's always in minority. That's why we needed after thousands of years and now 2,000 years of them falling from the Ephesian church age. That's why we needed that restoring prophet of Malachi 4 was to go in and restore us back to what was what had been lost because it was so messed up by people trying to make the gospel palatable. Sharing with brother Mark today. He he had sent something over to me and I sent something back where there's this man that's a very well-known theologian and he says the reason there's a debate on whether the gifts of the spirit and the working of the spirit is here today as it was in the apostles he says is because it's not here. He says if it was here we'd have no debate. But the thing is it's not in his church. That's why there's no debate. But all you have to do is is point him to a tape of brother Brandham and he'd see every aspect of Jesus Christ being presented in signs and wonders there. But he won't hear it because he doesn't want to hear it. It's only a debate for him. It's not a debate for us. We've got thus sayeth the Lord. We've seen Christ showing himself again in a prophetic ministry just like the Apostle Paul, just like Peter, just like John and those different ones. Just like Christ himself. Why? Because it's alpha and omega. It's Christ coming back down and revealing himself to his bride all over again. And what we have today then is a people worshiping Satan. It's a god of their own imagination. And remember what it says in I think it's in the book of Isaiah. It says Kabot is written over the door. The glory of the Lord has departed. Christ isn't in it. And yet they say they're worshiping him. And if Christ isn't there, there's only one other spirit church and that's Satan's. It's a sad thing. But I want to look at what happens as we take these things. Okay. So we we look at that and God is having this he's setting this principle. Keep things separate. I'm telling you for a reason. Keep it separate. Keep yourselves separate. Don't try and blend things. Don't try and modify things. Don't try and make things better. Natural is God's way. Natural is God's way. Why? Because he makes all things good. But we come now to Exodus 20. And this is God. Now he's giving the ten commandments. He says, "Six days shalt thou labor." He says, "And do all of thy work. But the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God. In it thou shalt not do any work. Thou nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy man's servant, nor thy maidervant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates." So everyone gets a break on the Sabbath, even the animals. He says, "For in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day. Therefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day and hallowed it." Now, I want to focus on that word work that I've I've put in blue there. That word work means occupation, craftsmanship and service. So I did some research on this and there are a few specific examples of what that means in scriptures. And by that I mean God himself told us what work was. Okay. So I went through and I formatted it for this. It looks like I I should have made this bigger but I'm doing it for a reason. So stay with me. Okay. God said there's four things that qualify as work. The first one is carrying things. And this was related to God giving them a double portion of mana on the sixth day so that they didn't have to get up, gather, and carry the mana back to their tents for food. So that's what it's tied to. That's Exodus 16:29. So he says, "You're not allowed to carry anything. I'll provide for you double on the sixth day so you don't have to carry anything on the seventh day." Then the other thing is that you're not allowed to light or burn or light a fire. And that's Exodus 35:3. We're going to talk about that in a moment. Then he said, "You're not allowed to plow your fields. You're not allowed to work your fields. And you're not allowed to reap what you put into your fields." And that's both in Exodus 34:21. Those are the only four things God said you're not allowed to do. Okay? God declared what he meant by work, by his own word. What have we been taught for so many years? The prophet God said, "God interprets his word by bringing it to pass. He'll tell you what you're supposed to do and not do, and he'll show you what's right and wrong." Now, that's pretty basic. If you said, brother, if I said, "People, on Sundays, we're not going to carry, burn, plow, reap." How hard is that? That's easy. That's easy. You can do anything except that, church, we could do that. I don't think that would be a burden. I don't think that would be hard to understand. Okay? God has given them time to worship him on a Sabbath. He's given them time for relationship with their family on the Sabbath. And he's given them time to rest on the Sabbath. Okay? He's giving them an opportunity for multiple things that are beneficial to them. And this was serious business. Okay? When God said, "Hallow that day, keep it holy. Don't do any work." He was serious about it. And we see this when we go to uh to Numbers 15, it's also Exodus 34 or 35. And it says, "And while the children of Israel were in the wilderness, they found a man that gathered sticks upon the Sabbath day. And they that found him gathering sticks brought him unto Moses and Aaron and unto all the congregation. And they put him in ward. They put him in a cell because it was not declared what should be done to him. So they caught him. They put him in prison. Then they come ask Moses what to do. And the and so Moses goes in. He talks to Mo to the Lord. And the Lord said unto Moses, "The man shall surely be put to death. All the congregation shall stone him with stones without or outside the camp. And all the congregation brought him without the camp and stoned him with stones." And he died as the Lord commanded Moses. Church, is he harsh? That's pretty harsh. He's picking up sticks on the Sabbath and God says he shall surely die. Why? Because God said, "Don't do it." God said, "Don't do it. You're not allowed to do it. I've provided for you. There's no reason for you to have to do this. Therefore, you either ignored me on the day before, you disobeyed me on the day before, or you just want your comfort of some sort." He says, "And you've got to die for it." And they went out and they stoned that man. He knew not to do it, and he still did it. and he died under two or three witnesses. We see there that fear that Paul is talking about Hebrews 10 about willful sin. But in Moses day that willful sin was always actions. It was whatever you did. It was what people could see is what people could judge. And so we read this earlier in in Hebrews 10 he says and when you did something then you had this fearful looking for of judgment and fiery indignation. So if two or three people witnessed you doing that, then you knew you were in trouble. Unless you were in collusion with them, right? If they saw you doing something that the law of Moses prohibited, they were enough to get you before the council, before the judge, before the priest, before Moses, whatever it was, and you were hauled in front, and you were judged right then and there. And whatever the law said to do or whatever God said to do, it was done right then. You couldn't go home and get your things in order. You couldn't set up your will. They took it out and they judged you and they they they they did exactly what God said to do right then and there. And it was horrible. It was horrible. That's why people were living under a state of fear cuz they knew if they did wrong, they were going to get it. They were absolutely going to get it. And so watch what happens now. So this man goes, he gathers stones. God says sorry. He's got it. God doesn't even say sorry. He says he shall surely die. He doesn't even apologize. And now God comes behind this and he says, "I'm going to help you out, people." Maybe this is an indication of this man that he didn't do it willfully. He forgot. He forgot what day it was. Who knows? But he says this. Listen to this. He says, "The Lord God said unto Moses, saying, Speak unto the children of Israel, and bid them that they make fringes in the borders of their garments throughout their generations, and that they put upon the fringe of the borders a ribbon of blue. And it shall be unto you for a fringe that you may look upon it and remember all the commandments of the Lord and do them and that ye seek not after your own heart and your own eyes after which ye used to go ahoring. He says that ye may remember and do all my commandments. What's the purpose of the fringes? To remember and do what God tells you to do. He says and be holy unto your God. I am the Lord your God which brought you out of the land of Egypt to be your God. I am the Lord your God. So notice now God says, I want you to do something different with your clothes. I want you to take and put tassels on your robes. And I've got a picture and you look at the these robes or these shawls on these men here. And you see that some of them have the blue ribbon and stripes and then they all have fringes or they have tassels coming down and then they have some have longer tassels than others. Okay? He says, "Put these on your clothes." He says, "So that when you see your clothes, it'll remind you to do what I told you to do and not what you want to do." What is it that he calls it when we do what we want to do? Horing. What is whoring? It's to go and have intimate relations with a woman that is not your wife. So it's to seek after that which is sensual rather than that which is relational. It's to seek the benefit without the work of the relationship. And it's unholy. It's an unholy thing. What is it? Because anything that is outside of the word is sensual. It caters to the flesh. And anything that caters to the flesh is satanic in and of itself. Because remember, if you have the spirit of God, it's overcoming the flesh, not conforming to the flesh. Amen. It's not catering to the flesh. Remember what we said before that that Paul said, "Those that are Christ have crucified the flesh. We read in Revelations 10 where when the word comes in, it's sweet for a moment, but then it's really hard on the flesh. It's bitter. And so if all we do is try and feel good and do things that make us happy and joyful all the time, then what is it? That is a satanic gospel because this gospel is not always fun. It's not always fun. Can I get an amen? It's not always fun. There are hard times being a Christian. And if it's not, you're not a Christian yet. Cuz it's always going to be a trial for this flesh. if nothing else. Okay. So, we see then that the people did what God required. They put the tassels on. But you'll find this one thing. The tassels never worked. The tassels never worked. And you go and you look in in the book of the Judges especially, you'll see it keep saying these words. And then and and uh the people did that which was right in their own eyes. Every man did that which was right in their own eyes, which is exactly what God said the tassels were supposed to do. Stop doing what's right in your own eyes. Whether it seems good, whether it seems better, whether it seems more holy or more sanctified, or whether it's obviously the opposite. And we see that it goes in both directions. And so we see in the end that these tassels did not help them. Rather, they judged them because God had said, "Put these on to remind you." And then they never it never did the work. It never did the work. And they always fell away from God. But I want you to see how they the priesthood took this commandment. Now you see they've got two things going on here. They've got the tassels and the blue ribbons, but then they have the felactories on their head and they would put in there scriptures that were were most dear to them, their favorite scriptures, and they write them in there. And it was a sign of of piety and spirituality and these different things. But I want you to see what happened when the priesthood ran with this commandment. And we're preaching on no room for fear tonight. And I I I I want to keep that in the forefront because we're trying to see how this mentality of fear can creep in by the law, even by the word when you do something you shouldn't and fear follows. It's there for good reason under the law. But God Christ comes now and he sees what they're doing. And listen to these words. He says, "Then g then spoke Jesus to the multitude and to his disciples, saying, the scribes and the Pharisees sit in Moses seat." In other words, they sit in the authority that Moses had, but they don't have Moses' authority. Church, God came down and spoke lip to ear, face to face with Moses. None of these priests had that. But he said, "They sit in the seat of authority as if they had the same relationship with me that Moses did." Watch what they do with it. He says all therefore whatsoever they bid you observe that observe and do. He says but do not ye after their works for they say and do not. They tell you what to do but they themselves don't do it. He said for they bind heavy burdens and grievous to be bored. The the literal meaning there is they create large burdens hard and heavy for you to handle and carry and they lay them on men's shoulders. Let me put on this way on other men's shoulders. He says, "But they themselves will not move them with one of their fingers." So they come and they took the authority of Moses. They took the authority of the word. They stepped into it over the people in their in their as the spiritual leaders of Israel and they created large and heavy burdens above and beyond what God had ever intended. Okay? And then he says, "They themselves will not move them with one of their fingers. They walk away and they won't help you. Oh, sister so and so, you're struggling with that. Well, that's between you and God. Oh, you can't do what we told you to do. Well, guess what? There's a price to be paid, brother. And you're sitting there and you're just getting lower and lower and it's defeating the people because they can't live what the preachers are telling them to live. Okay? He says, "But all their works they do for to be seen of men." He said everything that those men do, it's it's for outward appearance. He says they make broad their felactories. Okay, these things on their head, they put them on the arms as well. He says, "And they enlarge the borders of their garments, and they love the uppermost rooms of feasts and the chief seats in the synagogues and greetings in the market, and to be called of men, rabbi, rabbi." So we see here that the priesthood weaponized the law of Moses to make life harder for the people for no reason, for no good reason, I should say. God didn't inspire it. God didn't ask it. God didn't require it. God didn't speak it. Moses never said it. Men did. And they put the people in fear of the priesthood because they were the supposed spiritual leaders of Israel. So now because they are respected, they're in the seat of authority. Whatever that priesthood said, the people felt obligated to do. Church, as a minister, I have to be so careful what I say over this pulpit. That is personal opinion because I can bind you with my expectations. I can bind you with my rules. I can bind you with the way I do things in my house. Now, I trust that if I do give a personal opinion, I let you know this is mine. I ought to do that because what is mine is not necessarily yours, and what is good for me is not necessarily good for you. And what is right for me is not necessarily right for you. You're a child of God, and you answer to him. You answer to the word. You don't answer to my personal opinions. Now, I'm here to help you through, and I believe that if God will use me, those opinions will do the right thing. But they are just that, opinions. I need to anchor these things in the word or let it be very clear that these are my standards. Okay. What do they do with this? What do the tassels become here? They become a supposed sign of spirituality. Brother Paul comes into church. He's got a little 2-in ribbon. Well, I got a 4 inch. Brother Paul is so unspiritual. Look at those little weeny tassels that sister that brother Joe has on his shaw there today. He's got the little tiny ones. Barely tassels. Brother Gerald, look at those tassels. Those 8-in tassels. Yes, sir. He's a man of God. What a difference between those two brothers. You say they don't do that. That's exactly what they did, church. Jesus said they made it big to make you think that they're better than you. That's what they did. It was all trying to create a facade that the priesthood was better, more spiritual, more pious, more holy, more sanctified. And Jesus said, "Everything they do is to be seen of you." It's not done to God. It's done to make themselves look better. It was a sign of spiritual authority, but it was all self-created. God was not in it. God did not say, "If you make the ribbons bigger, you'll be better. He just said, "Do it to remind yourself." And what did they do, church? They made them bigger and bigger for themselves and it didn't do the job it was supposed to do because they were so focused on what they wanted it to be and how they could use it for their own gain rather than looking at it and saying, "Oh my goodness, I shouldn't be doing this. This is reminding me. I need to do this. I need to stop doing that." So what they did here is they expanded on the law of Moses for self-promotion and gain to give them authority, spiritual authority, and they turned that church from spiritual authority into physical authority over the people. Absolutely they did. And it was a waste of the people's time and the people's energy. And they got to the point, church, with all these rules and laws that they could barely move without breaking a law. Washing your hands 83 million times a day. You had to go here and do this. You had to go here and do that. You had to chop up this. You had to do and you're running around trying to meet all these laws. God wasn't in it. God had no part in it. We showed earlier where God said, "You shall do no work, no survi work on the Sabbath." And it was these four things. By the time that Jesus Christ came, this is what it became. 39 things you can't do. God said four. Man added 35 to it. Nowhere is that written in scripture except the four blue things I've h I've I've highlighted there. What is it? Standards of men, traditions of the fathers. Okay. Nowhere will you find all those things, God forbidding it. God said there's four. And man turned it into a burdensome thing. 39 things. What they turned it into is you can't do anything on the Sabbath. And God never said it. Man said it. Look, God man. God man. God man. Are we getting the picture? God made it simple. Look what man did. Burdensome. You couldn't even move. Couldn't do anything. You had to sit there and eat cold food. That's what happened. That's what men did. You'll find these things if you go look at the Jewish tradition. They acknowledge these are not in the Torah. These are part of the oral Torah, the spoken Torah. You know what that means, church? It never came from God. They're not in the book of Moses, the books of Moses. They had to speak them and pass them down by memory because they couldn't attach them to scripture because they weren't inspired of God. And they bound the people with all of these things. And this is just one example. Where'd it come from, church? It came from an overzealous ministry. An overzealous ministry, church. I'm not saying they I'm saying it ended up bad. It may have started good. It may have started good. They may have said, "People, we want you to be more holy. We want you to be more sanctified. We want to be sure that you don't do anything you shouldn't do." But church, God had already set the standard. Don't do four things. And God made it easy. And man came behind and maybe with the best of intentions and they made it so you couldn't do anything. And now the Sabbath couldn't even be a time of true rest because you're so busy trying to make sure you didn't do something you shouldn't do. What a horrible place to be. They would set all these rules, all these things, and they would live by them. They would live by them at least publicly. But then Jesus comes along, and I love how Jesus does it. Jesus turns their world upside down. He says, "You want to you want to crank it up? You want to take it and magnify it?" He says, "Let me magnify it by letting you see the mind of God." And here's what he says. He says, "You have heard that it was said by them of old time, thou shalt not commit adultery." Who said that, church? God did to Moses. He says, "But I say unto you." He says, "If you want to bind the people, let me show you what this really looks like. Let me let the word give you the revelation." Now, the word and flesh comes down. He is the word church. He has authority to speak. And he says, "But I say unto you," he's talking about the law of adultery. And they would say, "Lord, we have never committed adultery." He says, "That whosoever lookketh on a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery with her already in his heart." Now, church, every single man in his life has had an impure thought go through. If you won't admit it, I'm admitting it for you this evening. Every man has had an impure thought at some point. Listen, young men, hormones will get you there. I don't care what age it was. Impure thoughts will get you there. You're going to see something. You're going to see somebody and the thoughts going to flash through. And so, in one moment, Jesus condemned every single man. He says, "You want to crank up the law?" He says, "I'm going to crank it up to 11." It only goes to 10. He says, "We're going to take it past what's ever what it's ever been meant to." He says, "In God's eyes, when you look at a woman to lust after her, you've committed adultery." And what is the what is the punishment for adultery church? Death. So in one fell swoop, Jesus Christ condemned every man to death. He says that's the way God looks at it. But God eased off on you and he said, "If you only commit the physical act, that's what I'll judge you on cuz I know you can't control your thoughts. You can't control what's passed in front of you to a degree." So he said, "I'll hold you accountable for what you do, not what you think." But Jesus said, "In God's eyes, it's as if you already did it." And what was he doing, church? Remember what John had come? John had tried to get those men to repent and they never would. And Jesus was trying to knock them off their self-created high horse of spirituality to say, "You must repent. You've done worse by by putting a burden on the people, but you're as guilty as any of them in the eyes of God. And all you've done is you built up a facade of spirituality by dos and don'ts. And I don't do this and I don't do that and I don't do this and I don't do that. So what? He says, God's looking beyond what you do. He's looking into your heart. He's looking into your mind. He's looking at your very attitude and the things you think inside. What I'm trying to show you, church, here is that God's ways are often magnified and improved upon and brought down in a way that God never intended. And it brings people into bondage rather than setting them free. And what does it what does it do, church? And haven't we seen it? You end up with a church that is led by dos and don'ts rather than by the spirit of God. Because what is it now? You're doing it because you're not allowed to do it or because if you do, you're going to be judged or bad things are going to happen rather than having come into the love of Jesus Christ that will keep you from doing it in the first place. Perfect love casts out fear. If you have Christ abiding in you, Brother Brham said, "I don't not cheat on my wife because I'm scared of what she would do. I don't cheat on her because I love her." But if we're standing here and we're saying, "Well, I'm not going to do this and I'm not going to watch that and I'm not going to listen to this and I'm not going to do that and I hope they don't find out about me doing this or else we miss the point. Fall in love with Jesus." That's what this relationship is supposed to do is make you fall in love with Jesus. And then we can create standards as parents, as ministry, as a church that have no founding in the word of God, but they are traditions. They're the way it's always been done. And what do we do? Because that's the way it's always been done. We say, "You got to keep doing it." And it's not a word of God. It's a personal standard. It's a church preference. It's a ministry tradition, but it's not of God. And it binds the people the dos and don'ts by fear because they say, "Well, that person knows what's going to happen. And they've told me if I do this and this is what's going to happen." Listen, scripture says whatsoever God God is not mocked. Whatsoever man sws, he'll reap. Okay? And I'm not trying to do away with things this evening. We've got a lot more to cover in this. So, I hope you can see my heart in it. But I'm saying if we're only doing it because people have told us not to do it or to do it, we've missed the point. It'll protect you for a while, but it can also bind you for a long, long time if you don't move past that and come into the the riches of the liberty of Christ. Now watch what happens because we got to have a word foundation, church. That's what we have to have is a word foundation. I'm not talking personal convictions between you and God. And it doesn't have to be in the word to be a personal conviction, but it needs to be in the word for me to preach it. There's a difference there. See, I can have a personal conviction that's outside the word of God, but I need to preach what's in the word of God. Okay? And I should be held to that standard. But watch this now. And we're seeing an example, and we're close here to closing this evening. It says, ' And it came to pass, this was Jesus, as he went through the corn fields on the Sabbath day, and his disciples began as they went to pluck the ears of corn. And the Pharisees said unto him, Behold, why do they on the Sabbath that which is not lawful? Now, church, they were not I I read there earlier that God said, you're not allowed to harvest. Harvest means to take it and store it away. Actual work of harvest. They are not harvesting here. They're gathering it to eat. It's a completely different thing. Okay? So this was not forbidden by the law of Moses. What it was forbidden by was the oral law. Okay? So they said it's not lawful. But it was lawful by Moses. It just wasn't lawful by them. Now watch Jesus response now. He says, "And he said unto them, have ye never read what David did when he had need and was in hungered he and they that were with him?" He says, "How he went into the house of God in the days of Abiathar the high priest and did eat the showbre which is not lawful to eat but for the priest and gave also to them which were with him." So if you remember that story, David, remember he ran from the presence of Saul because he was trying to kill him. And he comes to the the the tabernacle and he says to the priest, he says, "I'm I I'm on the king's business. I was in a hurry. I didn't take a weapon. I didn't take food. Do you have any food? And do you have a weapon?" And he says, "I don't have any weapon except the sword of Goliath. that's wrapped in I think in a robe or an epha behind the altar. He says and David said there's none like it. I'll take that. And then he says, "I don't have bread except for the showbread." He says, "And that's only for the priests." And David says, "I'll take it." Now remember, David was not a priest. David was of the tribe of Judah, not the tribe of Levi. David has no right to that bread. He was not supposed to eat it. And Jesus said he had need and he took it. He says, "King David is revered by you and yet he broke the law. He clearly broke the law." He says, "What do you do about that?" Okay, I have searched long and hard for an explanation there and I found something to or yesterday. And brother Bram said he was a type of Christ. That's why he allowed it. David was a type of Christ. And we'll see why that what that looks like in these next two verses. He said unto him, "The Sabbath was made for man and not man for the Sabbath." And he says, "Therefore, the Son of Man is Lord also of the Sabbath." And I want to explain what that means by a little story. This is something I had happen at work once where a man wrote me about a a a program that I was man I created it and I managed it. Okay? And this man and he he had wrote it wrote in saying, "Hey, can I use this program? am I am I qualified to use this program? And I said, "Sorry, you're not qualified for this reason." Well, he came back a few days later and he said, "My advisors tell me that you're wrong." Now, I created it. It's mine. I'm the Lord of this program. I know the rules by heart because I wrote them. So, I had to chuckle inwardly. He knew I had told him, "Hey, this is mine. I lead it. It's what I do. No, you're not qualified. And he came back. He says, "My people say you're wrong." That's like, "No, it's mine. What I say goes cuz I created it." And so I told him once again, "No, you're wrong. You don't qualify. You can't be a part of this program." But it just made me laugh because this is what Jesus is saying here. Jesus is saying, "I'm the Lord of the Sabbath. If my disciples do something and I say it's okay, guess what? It's okay. He says, "I'm the Lord of the Sabbath. I get to decide what goes and what doesn't on the Sabbath." And he's also pointing out what they're doing is not wrong by my law. It's wrong by your law. What they're doing is okay. Leave them alone. What is it? He was pointing to need as the reason, and that was acceptable. It was not forbidden by Moses' law. God wasn't trying to kill people for crossing lines, church. He was trying to get them to a place where his family could live and profit and be blessed by the things of God. Amen. He was trying to keep them away from the horrible decisions, the horrible traditions, and the horrible results of everyone else around them. You got to remember, why did he destroy the Canaanites? It was because the cup of iniquity was full. They have been going for hundreds and hundreds of years destroying their children, uh, making children's sacrifices, serving other gods, horrible, horrible pagan sensual uh, worship, all these different things. It was a stench in the nostril of God. And God brought the children of Israel in to judge those people. He said, "If you do what they do, you're going to be put into the cup of iniquity. You don't want to be there. So stay out and don't do what I told you or do what I told you and don't do what I told you not to do. Otherwise, you're going to get the same outcome. And the outcome is death, separation from God. But in between, there's a bunch of physical things that are going to happen as well. You don't want to be there. So, we see this principle as we close out this evening. We'll pick this up on Sunday, Lord Winnie. The principle is when God tells you to do something, he's doing it for your benefit. He's not doing it just to say it. He's not doing it just to make some weird rules to make him the boss and you the little peeon. He's doing it to preserve you, to help you, to benefit you, not to judge you. But the priesthood immediately jumped to judgment because that's the way men work when they get in authority without the spirit of God on them, without the original spirit on them. You'll notice when Moses went in and that man had been caught carrying sticks. Moses didn't say, "Thou shalt surely die." He said, "Lord, what do we do?" But the priest latched on to judgment every single time. And they're looking to condemn, condemn, condemn. And Jesus says, "You got it backwards. God made the Sabbath for you." Yes, there's a thing that God benefits from, but he says, "If I didn't give you the Sabbath, you'd work yourselves into an early grave, and you'd never learn to trust God." He said, "It's for you so you can rest. It's a time to focus on God, yes, and worship and praise and hear the word, but it's time to spend with your family and to sit back and rejuvenate and and recharge for the rest of the hard work week." He says, "I did it for you, for our benefit, not just to have a day set aside for God." I'm not trying to turn this into self- worship. And I hope you understand my heart here. But when God gives rules or even suggestions that it's best not to or it's good to, it's for our benefit that he says those things. Amen. Jesus came to fulfill the law. And to do that, he magnified it to the point where nobody could say I did that. That's what happened. See, those priests could say, some of them that from my youth, remember the the rich young ruler, from my youth, I've done everything you've said. And Jesus never said, "No, you haven't." Some of those priests, remember what Paul said? I was I was a Pharisee. The Pharisees blameless according to the law was what Paul said. There were men that could say, "I've never broken a law as far as I know." They weren't blameless, but as far as they were concerned in keeping the law, they'd never done anything wrong. But they got the people to a point where you could barely move. You could barely live without breaking a law. And Jesus said, "You're binding the people with this." And it has nothing to do with God. Has nothing to do with his word. Has nothing to do with his intentions. You're just doing it to bind the people and to bring authority and power to yourselves. He came to set us free. That's what he did to you know it reminds me when they they caught that woman in adultery. Multiple people were witnesses. She should have died. Now Jesus had not witnessed it. They witnessed it. And what did he say? He said he that is without sin cast the first stone. And you know what the scripture says? And they from the oldest to the youngest dropped their stones and walked away. Why? Because they may never have been caught, but that hadn't mean they hadn't done it and not been caught. And when they dropped that stone, what they were saying was, "Yeah, you're right. Just cuz I wasn't caught doesn't mean I didn't do it." And so each one of them dropped to dropped her stone and walked away. And Jesus went to the she turned to the woman. And he says,"Woman, where are your accusers?" And she says, "There everyone gone." And he said, "Neither do I accuse thee. Go and sin no more." Why? Because according to the law, you had to have two witnesses. He was only one. And so he said, "By the law, you go free." Why? He's coming to fulfill the law. Coming to fulfill the law. He didn't come to judge. Jesus said, "I didn't come to judge. I came to save. You guys are the ones that are doing all the judging. You're the ones binding the people. I'm here to set them free." That's God's intention. That's what the spirit of life in Christ will do is it sets us free to serve him, to worship him, to follow him, to love him, to appreciate him, to thank him when he puts barriers in our way because we know it's for our good, not just because he wants to say things. Amen. Let's stand each one of us. I'm not here to throw open the doors and say anything goes or to say everything we've ever not done. We got to throw that away. That that's not what I'm here to do. But I'm here to say that a spiritfilled child of God, they live a different way than just worrying about cause and effect. fear, anxiety, worry, looking over your shoulder, waiting for God to drop the hammer, and these sorts of things. Amen. It's not waiting. The the the law of the spirit of life in Christ is not waiting for God to punish you. Like I said, before I gave my heart to the Lord, I was so scared that if I did one thing wrong, having received the knowledge of the truth, because I was raised in a good church, remember, Brother Gerald, you were a good preacher. You let me know right and wrong. But I believed if I did one thing wrong, I would get the worst of the worst of judgment of that because I knew better. That's not God. That's not the spirit of God. I'm saying it had its time and it had its purpose. But if I carried that into my walk with Christ, church, that's a barrier to relationship with him. And so if we're making decisions because we're scared, we're fearful, we're worried, that's something we need to be set free from. Amen. Because we'll see that conviction doesn't take you to fear. It takes you to repentance and walking a different way. And you go in liberty then, not in worry and fear. Because why? Your desire is to please him rather than a desire not to be judged. Amen. We've already been judged in Christ. His spirit towards the bride, his nature towards the bride is not judgment. It's mercy. It's grace. It's love. It's forgiveness. It's all of these different things. But I want us to see, and that's really what I was trying to do this evening. I hope you've seen it. try to see where this spirit of fear can be pushed onto the people by dos and don'ts and by traditions and taking the word and magnifying it in a way that God never intended and binding us to tradition. Binding us to the past, binding us to the way it's always been. It's always been done. The question is, what does the word say? Not what do people say. Even if they are Holy Ghost fil people, we've got to bring it back to the word. We've got to bring it back to the word. Otherwise, we can never be set free because the scripture says, "The truth shall set you free." You're not free if you're living in fear. That's torment. That's not where God wants us to be. He wants us to live free. Amen. God bless you. Let's bow our head, Lord Jesus. Lord, certainly a more sober topic tonight, Lord. But we're trusting your spirit is leading us in this, Lord. For we know if we look in our lives, surely there are things, Lord, that are there by tradition, Lord, thereby teaching, but not necessarily there by your word or by your spirit. Lord, we want to live a life that's in the pure liberty, Lord, of the spirit of Christ living inside of us, Lord. We don't want to be fearful. We don't want to be anxious, Lord. We don't want to be waiting for you to judge us, Lord. But we want to know that your love will lead us exactly where we need to go, Lord. that all things will work together for our good, Lord, and that you're there to guide us and keep us and preserve us day in and day out. Lord, I pray you help us to see your heart, Lord, your approach, your purpose in all of these things, Lord, that you're not trying to bind us, Lord, to do and don'ts, but you're trying to bind us in love, Lord, to you, Lord, in the pure relationship that we're offered through Christ. Lord, I pray you take this little mini portion, this little minieries, Lord. I pray you help us to break our traditions, Lord. Break our mindset, break our attitude, Lord. Break our judgment of one another and even our judgment of ourselves, Lord, and see ourselves through the shed blood, Lord, where the word can have full effect in our lives. Lord, I pray you free your people, Lord, to serve you, Lord, day by day. We ask these things now in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Fill my way with love. 211 an old faithful. Let me walk blessed Lord in the way thou hast gone, leading straight to the land above. Oh, giving cheer everywhere to the sad and the lone. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, fill my way every day with love. As I walk with the heavenly dove. Oh, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, keep me close to the side of my Savior and God. Let me never in darkness road. Oh, keep my path free from wrath and my soul satisfied. Fill my way every day with love. Fill my way every day with love. As I walk with the heavenly love. Let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, soon the race will be your and I'll travel no more. But I in my home above. Let me sing bless the king all the way to the shore. Fill my way every day with love. Fill my way every day with love. As I walk with the heavenly. Oh, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, let me close to the side of my savior and guide. Let me never in darkness ro. Oh, keep my path free from wrath and my soul satisfied. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, fill my way every day with love with the heavenly. Oh, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. I am resolved. 223. No longer to linger. I am resolved. No longer to linger. Charmed by the world's delight. Things that are higher. Things that are no, these have alert my sight. I will hasten to him. Hasten so glad and free to Jesus. Greatest highest I will come to [Music] thee. Oh, I am resolved to go to the Savior my sin and strive. He is the true one. He is a just one. He had the words of life. Oh, I will hasten to him. They sit so glad and free. Jesus great is highest. I will come to thee. Oh, I am resolved to follow the Savior, faithful and true each day. Head what he sayith. Do what he will it. He is a livinging way. Oh, I will to him. They sing so glad and [Music] free. Jesus greatest highest. I will come to thee. [Music] Oh, I have resolved to enter the kingom leading the path of sin. May oppose me still. Will I enter? Oh, I will listen to him. They sent so glad and free. Jesus great is highest. I will come to thee. Oh, I have resolved. And who will go with me? Come friends [Music] without. We're taught by the Bible, led by the spirit. We'll walk the heavenly way. Oh, I will hasten to him and so glad and free. Jesus, greatest highest, I will come to thee. [Music] 265 He set me free. Once like a bird in prison I dwelt. Oh, once like a bird in prison I dwell. No freom from my sorrow I f. Oh then Jesus came and listened to me. Glory to God. He set me free. Oh, he set me free. Yes, he set me free. He broke the bonds of prison for me. I'm glory bound by Jesus to see and glory to God. He set me free. Now I am climbing higher each day. Darkness of night has drifted away. My feet are planted on higher ground. Glory to God. I'm over bound. He set me free. Yes, he set me free. He broke the bonds of prison for me. I'm glory bound by Jesus to see. Glory to God. He set me free. Goodbye to sin and things and confound. Not of this world shall turn me around. Oh, daily I'm working. I'm praise you. Glory to God. I'm going through. Oh, he set me free. Yes, he set me free. He broke the bonds of prison for me. I'm glory bound by Jesus to sing. Glory to God. He set me free. Oh, now I am climbing higher each day. Darkness of night has drifted away. My feet are planted on higher ground. Glory to God. I'm home. We're bound because he set me free. Yes, he set me free. He broke the bonds of prison for me. I'm glory found my Jesus to see. Glory to God. He set me free. Amen. We're going to sing that song. Draw me. Draw me clo D draw me Lord. I'll come running back to you. 12:15. Uh, brother Paul, I'm going to ask you to close in prayer at the end of this if that's okay. Remember those that are sick. Remember brother Grant's in the midst of final little exams for the for the semester. So trust God to be with him. Amen. And uh the different ones. I know the Collins are traveling. Kachi and Kingsley and Melody praying God's grace to them. Just each one. Amen. We've got many needs amongst us. Let's keep praying for each other. Trusting God to move. Trusting God to prove his word. Amen. As we stick with it day by day, we'll sing this as brother Paul comes. And you alone are all I [Music] need. For you hold my destiny. You alone are all I need. In you alone I am [Music] complete. Draw me. Draw me, Lord, and I'll come running after you. Draw me. Draw me, Lord, and I'll come running after you. You alone and you alone are all my for you mighty destiny. You alone are all I need. In you alone I am complete. Draw me. Draw me, Lord, and I'll come running after you. Draw me. Draw me, Lord, and I'll come running after you. Draw me. Draw me. Draw me, draw me, Lord, and I'll come running after you. Draw me. Draw me Lord. I'll come running after [Music] you. Dear gracious heavenly father, Lord, we're just thankful for your presence here tonight, Father. Lord, I just so thankful for the word, Lord. You said Lord, your There it is, there's freedom, there's liberty. And we're thankful, Father, for the balance that the word brings. Cuz Lord, it's not just truth, it's spirit and truth. And more or less, when you told that woman at the well, Lord, is there's a new covenant in place. It requires a spirit for there to be life, Lord. Because with truth, Lord, it has to be bound in love. And Lord, we're just thankful, Lord, that you're not a God, Lord, who's just waiting to strike or judge us, Lord, at the first moment, Lord, but as a loving father, Lord. You're you're teaching us, Lord, and you're you're guiding us. And we're thankful, Lord, that you're not as earthly fathers, Lord, who make mistakes, Lord, but you're patient. You're kind, Lord. you're willing, Lord, and you're to to teach us, Lord, to wait for us. We're just thankful, Lord, that we'll never outrun your grace, Lord. We'll never draw down too low on your patience, Father. Lord, so we just want to say thank you, Lord, for your word tonight, Lord. It was wonderful. I mean just bless brother John Lord for all his efforts father and many nights of studying Lord and the sacrifice that he makes and the sacrifices his family makes Lord you just Lord you don't have any unpaid bills and father may you just bless them abundantly above and beyond anything they can hope or imagine Lord you minister to them [Music] Lord may you bless them Lord for their their service and their sacrifice guys. So, Father, may you just be with us, Lord, as we go. May you just be with the needs. May you be with those who are sick, who are away. Grateful for those who are lost, Lord. You come back, Lord. The hour's late, things are spinning down, Lord. And Lord, may we just pray, Lord, may you go after them and bring back those lost sheep, Father. So, Lord, we just thankful for all you've done for us. May you just be with us as we go. Grant us traveling mercies, Father. And we ask all these things in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. [Music] Oh, Hallelujah. I know what I need. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I Oh my god. Heat. Heat. Glor. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Down. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Wow. God. Wonder. Heat. Heat. [Music] I still Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh my. [Music]
