################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-13 - 20250413 - The Token Life - Pt 49 - The Divided Kingdom - Pt 4 - Bro. Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-13
Title:    20250413 - The Token Life - Pt 49 - The Divided Kingdom - Pt 4 - Bro. Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 44m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3UXWKzkWZOc
========================================

Description:
Quotes and scriptures: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1eZn121Su-aof7ecAXByZtuVDzAlPctsx/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Wow. Wow. [Music] [Music] Wow. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] When I look into your holiness, I stand when like this into your loveliness. Amen. When all things that surround become shadows in the light of [Music] you. When I found the joy of reaching your heart. When my willbeing becomes enthroned in your love. Amen. When all things that surround me become shadows in the light. Hallelujah. Amen. I worship you. I worship you. I worship you. The reason my name is to worship him. Praise the Lord. I worship him. I worship you. Oh, bless the Lord. Hallelujah. The reason I is to worship you. Hallelujah. When I look into your holy Amen. When I love when all things that surround become shadows in the light of you. Yes. Praise the Lord. When I found the joy of preaching your heart, when my world becomes enthroned in your love, when all things that surround me become shadows in the light. Hallelujah. Oh, praise the Lord. and I worship you. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. I worship you. Hallelujah. [Music] The reason I is to worship you. I worship. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. I worship you. The reason I is to worship when I look into your holiness. Hallelujah. When I look into your holyness, when I gaze into your love, when all things that surround me become shadow in the light of you. Praise the Lord. I found the joy of reaching your heart. When my will becomes enthroned in your love. When all things Hallelujah become shadows in the light of you. Hallelujah. I worship you. I worship you. Amen. The reason my name is to worship you. I worship you. I worship you. The reason I worship you. Amen. Let's sing 882. I worship you, Almighty God. Amen. That's why we've come this morning to worship him with all of our hearts. Leave the world outside and let's let's let let all that be shadows that we just sang and let's just dwell in the light of God today. Amen. Let's sing it. I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. Amen. I worship you, oh prince of peace. That is what I long to do. I give you praise. Amen. For you are my rightousness. Hallelujah. And I worship you al mighty God. There is none like you. I worship you. Hallelujah. Yes. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. There is none like you. Amen. I worship you. A prince of peace. That is what I do. I give you praise. [Music] Thank you Lord. You are my right. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Oh, I worship you almighty God. Hallelujah. There is none. Let's sing it again. I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. Amen. I worship you, oh prince of peace. That is what I long to do. I give you praise for you are my righteousness. I worship you, oh mighty God. There is none like you. Amen. That's the truth. There is none like him. Amen. Let's sing the chorus 992. And that is not in trying but in trusting. ask brother Chad if you'd open in prayer this morning and remember to pray for brother John of course as he brings the word of the Lord and also uh we continue to pray for sister Laura Snow God's grace to her at this time and u remember brother Barry Guy sister Darlene and I know they were they were down with that uh that disease or sickness from uh from their trip so we just want to remember um as they recover. And uh brother Doug and sister Beverly as well. And sister Beverly had sent in a request to uh for us to remember in prayer her their son-in-law Wallace uh who is u I think he's in the military and he's traveling to right now driving to Ukraine I guess for duty there. So uh she's asked that we remember him in prayer of course and also for the salvation of his soul. So uh remember that today. Any other need just hold it upon your heart as we approach the throne and uh brother Chan will lead us in prayer. It's not in trying but in trusting. Amen. It's not in running but in resting. Amen. It's not in wondering but in praying that we find the strength of the Lord. It's not in trying but in trusting. It's not in running but in resting. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. It's not a wondering but in praying that we find the strength of the Lord. It's not in trying but in trusting. Amen. It's not in running but in resting. Hallelujah. It's not in wondering but in praying that we find the strength of the [Music] Lord. Thank you Lord Jesus. Lord, we give you praise this morning. We take the time, Father, to invite you to this service, Lord. For without you, Father, we're gathered in thee. Put aside anything that may hinder the free flow of the worship, the free flow of your spirit, Lord. Help us yield to what you are trying to say. And Lord, everyone that come to get their portion. Lord, I pray that together this morning, Lord, I thank you, Father God, that your word is not based on feeling or how we feel. Lord, I thank you for the anchor that you have placed inside us to move past our feelings. So, Father, and hang on to faith, Lord. Sometimes in the darkest moments how we feel if we hold on to that Lord we just die. I praise you and thank you for an anchor Lord that holds on something to high above feelings but holds on to the word Lord that ever changing word Father. Lord we put Wallace before you Lord and as he goes Lord we pray that your angels go with him. We pray, Father, when he's surrounded all around by the enemy or whatever the case, Lord, your angels stand beside him and protect him. Ever minister into his heart and to his soul, Lord, into his mind. Father, we claim his soul for the kingdom. Lord, we thank you for healings. Lord, we thank you for all you have done with Brother Ron Spencer. Lord, it's truly truly inspiring, Father God. Let all the naysayers tongues be bind, Lord. Lord, we pray now as brother John brings the word, Lord. We pray you anoint his lips, Father God, and our ears to [Music] hear. Thank you for all you've done and all you continue to do in our presence in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. You can be seated. Amen. I guess everybody has seen the uh announcements of course for the uh for the events on the weekend. And if you're not sure if there's an event on the weekend, look over there. There's that's tied into a big event on the weekend. So be in prayer for that. It's a I believe it's going to be a good time. So, let's uh sing 307. You know, Brother Brandham said that when you talk about God, he comes on the scene. So, let's uh let's bring him on the scene today. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's talk about Jesus, the King of Kings. Is he the Lord of lords, brave throughout eternity, the great I am, the way, the truth, the life, and more. Let's talk about Jesus more. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's talk about Jesus. Let all the world proclaim. The power and majesty of such a wonderous name. The babe of Bethlehem, the bright and morning star. Let's talk your praises near and far. Amen. Let's talk about Jesus. The bread of life is me. The savior of the world, the man of Galilee, the prophet, the king, the mighty God, the will of him living. Let's talk about Jesus, the prince of peace. The great physician too down through all history. The lily pure and wide the rose of shared fair. The shepherd of such tender. Hallelujah. Oh, let's talk about Jesus. The rock of aes. The lamb for sinners lay that plan for me. The great Imanuel, the word of God sublime. He is our bridegroom holy. Yes. Amen. And let's talk about Jesus, the king of kings. The Lord our Lord supreme through all eternity. Amen. The great I am, the way, the truth, the life, the door. Amen. Jesus, Lord. Amen. Let's talk about Jesus, the rock of ages. Let's talk about Jesus, the rock of agency. The lamb for sinner slain. That man of Calvary. The great Immanuel, the word of God. He is our bride. Grown so divine. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. 9:32. Ain't God good? Ain't God good to give us so many blessings? Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We ought to thank him, love and praise him a little more today and a whole lot more tomorrow. Amen. Ain't God good to give us so many blessings undeserved? That's what we are. We ought to thank him. Love and praise him today and a whole lot more. Praise the Lord. God to give us so many blessings undeserving. That's what we are. We ought to thank him. Amen. love and praise him a little more today and a whole lot more. Sing it again. Ain't God good to give us praise the Lord? Hallelujah. Amen. That's what we are. We ought to thank him. love and praise him a little more today and a whole lot more tomorrow. Amen. Praise the Lord. We won't be able to praise him enough. Praise the Lord. Let's sing um 12:31. Peace of God cover me. Amen. And the world is just so confused right now. And it seems to get more and more confusing every day. But there's a peace on the children of God that comes from within that only God can give. Thank [Music] God. Peace of God cover me. Cover me. Amen. Cover me. Yes, Lord. Peace of God, cover me through the storm. Offer me. Amen. Only I am save. Only you I'm secure. Amen. Praise the Lord. Only you I find peace. Cover me. Cover me. Amen. Cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I am going through the stor. Cover me when all seems hopeless. Cover me when my strength is gone. Let the peace of God is all I understand. Amen. Cover me. Cover me. Oh peace of God. Yes. Amen. Cover me. Hallelujah. Cover me. Peace. God God me to this. Amen. Me. Amen. Pray to Jesus. Only in you I am saved. Amen. Only in you I hallelujah. Only in you I find peace. So cover me. Cover [Music] me. Cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I am rolling through the storm. Cover me when all seems hopeless. Cover me when my strength is gone. Let the peace that passes all my [Music] understanding. Cover me. Cover me when all you cover me when my strength is gone. Let the peace that passes all I understand. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. May he always keep us covered with his peace. Amen. Let's sing U 10:42. My peace I give unto you. Praise the Lord. Yeah, it's a it's just a wonderful thing to have that peace when all around is falling away and confusing. Like I said, to have the peace of God in your heart, knowing that you got a promise that you we don't belong here and we're going soon by grace. Uh it's just a wonderful is a wonderful feeling. It's a wonderful thing and a wonderful privilege. It is to know him. Amen. My peace I give unto you. Yes. Amen. It's a peace that the world cannot give. Amen. It's a peace that the world cannot understand. Peace to know. Hallelujah. Peace to live by peace. I give up to you. Hallelujah. My joy I give unto you. Amen. It's a joy that the world cannot. Amen. It's a joy that the world cannot understand. Joy to know joy to live my joy I give. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. My love I give unto you. Oh, bless the Lord. It's a love that the world cannot. Hallelujah. It's a love that the world cannot understand. Love to know. Love to give. My love I give unto you. My peace. Praise the Lord. My peace I give unto you. Hallelujah. It's a peace that the world cannot give. Hallelujah. It's a peace that the world cannot understand. Peace to Lord and peace to live. My peace I give. Hallelujah to you. My joy I give. Hallelujah. My joy I give unto you. Yes. Hallelujah. It's a joy that the world can [Music] Joy to live my joy I give. Amen. My love. Let's stand. Hallelujah. My love I give unto you. Yes. Praise the Lord. It's a love that the world cannot. Praise the Lord. It's a love that the world can understand. [Music] Love to know and love to live. My love I give unto. Amen. My love I give unto you. Let's sing it again. Oh my love. unto [Music] you. It's the love that the world cannot give. And it's a love that the world [Applause] can understand. Love to know. Love to my love. I give unto you. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Lord Jesus. Lord, certainly this Christian walk is a walk of receiving. Lord, that we can bring nothing to it, Lord, except a willing heart and a surrendered mind, Lord, but the filling, the giving, it's all of you, Lord, as we walk through this life that you've given us, Lord. We pray you just help us day by day to reflect the very things you've given us, Lord. that you give us victory over self, Lord. Victory over the flesh, Lord. Victory over things that rise up, Lord. Victory even over our own rights and ideas. Lord, I pray you give us liberty this morning, Lord, by your spirit, Lord, as we hear your word, Lord, as we dwell on the things you've given us, Lord. That you would have your perfect way in our lives, each and every one, Lord. That we walk out this morning more free than we've ever been, Lord. more free by surrender to you, Lord. Trusting you, that you're leading and guiding us day by day, heavenly father. Lord, that as we've sought you, Lord, you would, Lord, you said that if we seek, we would find. If we knock, it'll be opened unto us. Lord, we're seeking this morning. We're knocking this morning, Lord. We're looking for answers, Lord. We're looking for liberty. We're looking for deliverance. We're looking for healing. We're looking for provision, Lord. Lord, you are the source, Lord, of everything that we have need of, Lord. And so we're coming to you this morning, Lord, by faith, trusting you to minister to your bride this morning, Lord God. Speak to us, Lord, we ask. Lord, bless this service now. We pray in Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. Amen. God bless you, each one. Good to see each one here. Certainly, I've been enjoying the sunshine the last few days. It's a welcome break. Hopefully, it means that good things are on the way. Amen. Good to see the Grants have survived another hard week. Amen. Brother Garfield, Sister Nikki, good to see she's feeling better. Brother Garfield's come through at least a portion of his heavy studies. I I certainly I I don't have nightmares about it because I don't think about it. It's so long in the past, but I certainly don't have fond memories of school and doing engineering. And he's doing basically the same thing. So, God's grace to them. Remember them as they continue to look for a house as well that God would lead them and guide them. And then also a reminder that this week we have no service on Wednesday, but we do have a play practice for those that are in it at 6:30. And then we'll have our uh Easter Friday service at 6:00 p.m. And then Saturday we'll have the play at 5:30 followed by refreshment and then our regular service on Sunday as well. So keep those services in prayer. Keep Sister Priscilla and the whole group that's working together. It's definitely a team effort. I think threequarters of the church is here on pray play practice days. So just remember them that God would be in it, that he would be honored and blessed by these things. Amen. God bless you. John chapter 3 this morning. John chapter 3 and verse 8. This is Jesus talking to Nicodemus now. And he remember he was talking to him about the new birth. And Nicodemus, he said, Nicodemus, you can't understand the kingdom of God, the kingdom of heaven unless you're born again. And he's talking about the coming of the Holy Spirit. And he says this, "The wind bloweth, where it listeth, and thou hearest the sound thereof, but cannot tell whence it cometh, and whether it goeth. So is everyone that is born of the spirit." He says, "Listen, the wind blows, and you can see the effect. You can hear it. You don't know where it's coming from. You don't know where it it's going. You don't know why it changed direction. It just does what it does." He says, "So is everyone. So is every person that is born of the spirit of God. You don't know where they're coming from. You don't know where they're going. You don't know why they're doing it. You can't understand it. All you know is there's something going on and it has an effect in their life. Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats. This morning we're going to continue this series. We've been preaching on the on the Holy Ghost, but certainly we want to um I've lost my clicker here. Brother Vichel, if you'll if you'll help me out this morning. Doesn't seem to be moving on me. But we're going to continue our series on the on the token uh the token life and we're going to continue this this series on the divided kingdom. And we've talked so much about the battle that we're facing in these bodies that we live in and the mind and the nature that comes with it. And then what happens when the Holy Spirit comes and it changes that nature and it changes that mind and these different things and it causes us to come into a battle. And we talked about a couple different battles in the last few services. We've talked about the battle of condemnation versus liberty where Paul said, you know, this this body of death, who's going to deliver me from it? And then he comes into Romans 8:1 and he says, "There's therefore now no condemnation to them that are in Christ." Amen. And so the difference was living your life by your works, which are never going to work out, by the way. Right? Living by works rather than coming into the liberty of those who have been covered by the blood of Jesus Christ that are living under the blood and filled with the spirit. And that is liberty. Liberty isn't doing what you want to do. Liberty is being set free from what you wanted to do and doing what God wants you to do. That's what liberty is because now your nature's changed. Now your desires have changed and now you're walking in what he wants you to do and that's freedom because that's going to lead you to a good place that's going to lead you into eternal life. But then the second thing we talked about was the carnal mind versus the mind of Christ. And the difference is that the carnal mind is controlled by your five inner senses, your five outer senses. Amen. And it's it's it's it's the logical mind. It's the reasonable mind. It's the intuitive mind. Amen. But that's that's got to be compared to that faithful obedience of the mind of Christ that seeks the will of God, that finds the will of God, and then that does the will of God. And there's a perfect rest there. Okay, we're good, brother Vichel. Thank you so much for that. So, we're going to continue in Romans 8 this morning. We're going to skip a portion here this morning because I want to save it for uh the Easter service by by God's will hopefully. But I want to want to focus on another element of this great battle this morning. And if we go to Romans 8 and in verse 10, we're going to pick up where we left off. And Paul says, "If Christ be in you, the body is dead because of sin, but the spirit is life because of righteousness." Church, that means we've got to focus on what's alive, not what's dead. When something's dead, we don't go around and try and we don't try and resurrect it, do we? When somebody dies in the hospital, when they say that's it, they're dead. It's over with. The doctor signs off. They put a time there. They don't try and raise it up again. They don't go back the next day into the morg and say, "Let's see if we can get this person back to life." Paul's saying, "Your body's dead. Leave it dead." Amen. And that's a dayby-day fight to keep that body dead. Cuz it wants to resurrect. It wants to resurrect. This flesh wants to come back in the power. Amen. So don't give it another thought except to say, "I'm keeping you dead." Paul said, "I die daily." So that idea is that's one thing we have to do. Keep that flesh dead. Don't give any life to it. Don't give any thought to it. Don't give any time to it. Don't give consideration to his flesh. Say you're dead through Christ. Let's keep you dead. Right? We're not going to let it raise up. Amen. That's a work for us to do on a daily basis. He says, "But if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his spirit that dwelleth in you." We're not going to preach on that this morning. It's a wonderful scripture. We'll save it for Easter. But he says, "Therefore, brethren, we are debtors not to the flesh to live after the flesh." In other words, we don't owe this flesh anything. This flesh has done nothing good for us. It's just a residence for us, but it has no power over us. It's not meant to take the preeminence in our lives. Amen. Does this flesh have needs? It has needs, doesn't it? But how do we decide how it has needs? How do how do we decide how we fulfill those needs? Does this body need a break occasionally? Does this body need food regularly? Does this body need rest? Does this body need a fun? Yes, it needs all these things. This body needs those things. Amen. But because it has a need doesn't mean we give it what it wants. It means by the spirit according to the word, we give it what is best for it. Amen. So the fact that it has needs doesn't mean that it dominates, but rather by the spirit-led believer in their life, they choose what that's what's going to meet that need. Because I'll tell you, there's two sides that are offering you something to meet that need. There's good clean fun and then there's worldly fun. There's good clean food and then there's not good clean food. All these things, for everything that there's a need, there is a source that can supply it. But it's the spirit-ledd believer that's going to choose the right thing day in and day out. Amen. He says, "For if we live after the flesh, we shall die. But if we through the spirit, not by personal will or discipline, by the spirit we mortify the deeds of the flesh, he says we do through the to mortify the deeds of the flesh, ye shall live. Mortify the deeds of the flesh. It means to put the the flesh to death. Paul said they those that are Christ have crucified the flesh with its affection with its uh affections and lusts. That's a dayby-day thing. We keep it away by what? Depriving it of what it needs, of what it wants, and we give it what it's supposed to have. And then he says this beautiful scripture, for as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God. We could preach on verse 14 for the rest of the year and never touch it. There's so much that's encapsulating this, but we're going to take just one service on this this morning. And as I was studying this, I think brother Bram takes this this phrase led by the spirit. I think he does it 150 something times. And if you look it up, 90% of those he goes back to the day that Jesus is being brought to the temple for his dedication. And he speaks of Anna the prophetus and Simeon the old man, the the priest that was there, remember? And he'd say, "See what the spirit does? It leads you to the manifested word." That's what the spirit does. See, it doesn't lead you to doctrine. It doesn't lead you to theology. Those are good. Those are part of the structure of the believer. But he says he's taking you to the reality when you are led by the spirit. It's because there's something waiting for you at the end of that leadership. Amen. It's not just to pull us around by the nose like a bull with a ring. No, there's something at the end of it that he has for you to take part of, for you to do something with. And it's for your good and it's for your betterment. And it'll make you a better believer. It'll make you a better Christian. It'll make you believe the word even more. Amen. He's taking you to something there. So for Simeon and Anna, it was Christ in flesh, his literal body, God in flesh. But for us, it is no different. It's taking us to Christ in flesh. But now it's not in one body. It's in a multimembered body. That's what the spirit is doing to the believer. Amen. It's bringing us to the manifested word. The spirit's here to lead us into the reality of the word. Not dead theology, not denominationalism, not churchity, not just to to do what mom and dad do, but it's leading us into the reality of Christ in you, the hope of glory. That's what the spirit of God is trying to do. Amen. Its purpose is to bring us into the reality of today. And that means it's a healing purpose. It's a resurrection purpose. It's a rapture purpose. It's a delivering purpose. It's a guiding purpose. It's a changing purpose. All of these things are wrapped up in the spirit of God. Amen. And so that's what it's trying to do is to bring us to the reality of the word that God has given us for our day. We read this this quote last service, but we read the second half. I'm going to read the first half this morning and then the second half again because we've got to get the first half before we can get the second half. And he says this. He says, "What kind of people would it be this morning if this tabernacle this morning was so filled with the presence of God? Why? when you didn't even use your own mind, didn't use your own thoughts, didn't have no ultimacy of your own, but just to be led by the spirit. He says, "And they that are sons of God are led by the spirit of God." He says, "Then when the human element goes out and the spirit of God fills that vacancy where you empty yourself." Okay? What's our job this morning, church? You empty yourself, brother Bob. I can't empty you. You've got to empty you. I've got to empty me. You've got to empty you. And then he's got to come behind and fill that. Amen. Where you empty yourself, he says. Amen. Then, oh, brother John, I want the power of God in my life. Okay, get the power of yourself out. Get the power of your own mind. Get the power of your own stinking thinking. Put it aside. Get your education out. Get your intuition out. Get your emotion out. Take it and put it aside and empty out and say, "God, fill me up." That's what it's going to take this morning. I've got to lay it down. I've got to put it aside and say, "God, I need you to take the place of what I just dumped out." And that's a personal choice, church. That's a personal choice this morning. I can preach it till I'm purple in the face, but you've got to empty out so that he can fill up. Brother John can't fill you up. Mommy and daddy can't fill you up. N and pop can't fill you up. The five-fold ministry can't fill you up. It's going to take the spirit of God stepping into your life to fill you up in a way that'll give you victory. He says when you empty yourself, Amen. then will be when the church in its power of the resurrection of the Lord Jesus will walk in his steps, in his power, in his thoughts, in his being, in his moving. He says then your thoughts will become words and words will become material. He says that's when the church is in its power. What? When the human element goes out, that's the hardest thing to do because it's what we're born with. It's what we've trained. It's what we've taught. It's what we've developed. It's what we've honed. And then he says, take it and throw it out. And what do most people say? No, thank you. I've done just fine. You may have done just fine. You know, there's a lot of people doing just fine, but just fine is not eternal life. It's not going to get you there. It's not going to get you there. See, the the Christian walk is not just about receiving. It's about giving up. It's about yielding. It's about surrendering. It's about emptying out. And that's a personal choice on a dayby-day basis. We're laying down so Christ can pick up. We're emptying out so he can pour in. And that's something we've got to do. Now, it's done by the spirit. Remember what we read? If you by the spirit do mortify the deeds of your flesh. Listen, sometimes we see something and we say, "Oh, well, they don't do that or that so and so thinks this way. I need to do that." If it's not spiritled, it's not going to have spirit fruit. You do it in his time. You do it in his time. You lay before the presence of God. You lay over his word and you say, "Lord, be it unto me according to your word." And as you open it up to me, I'm going to pour out so you can pour in. It's got to be led by him. and you say, "Lord, give me your wisdom and your power and your strength to replace my wisdom, my power, and my strength that I just threw away." That's what it's going to take. Amen. We don't just want to empty out, but we want to be filled up again. We don't want to be empty vessels just forever. Because remember what happens when the the scripture says that when that you have a spirit in you, you have a demon that goes out and you clean up your house, if you don't fill it with a strong man, they're going to come back with seven more. And the end result of that person is worse than the first. You need a filling, not just an empty note. Then once you do that, he says, I believe it's on a on the road that when the church will be so wrapped in Christ, the Holy Spirit, mankind so away from themselves that they don't see themselves. They don't have any motive but to serve God and their thoughts move on. He says they refuse the things of the world. They just move in the spirit. They live in the spirit. They move in the spirit. They walk in the spirit and so fulfill the law of Christ. He says, "Then the love of Christ in the human heart, moving in the Holy Ghost, that great wonderful church will go forth with power and deity because deity will be revealed in human beings by the Holy Spirit bringing to pass the thought of their mind." He's painting a picture and if you ever look it up, he talks a lot about a mainspring, a mainspring of a watch. And today, everybody's got an Apple Watch or a digital watch and so we don't understand the idea of a mainspring. But in the old mechanical watches in the center in the very bottom of that watch, they'd have a steel mechanical spring there and that was wound up and that's what gave motive power to that watch. And he says that's what it's like for the believer. You've got a mainspring. You've got something inside of you that's driving your life. And everything moves based on the power of the mainspring. If the main spring's not pushing, nothing moves. If the main spring's pushing, if it's got power in it, then what happens is everything's in its perfect order and it just moves according to the movement that's built into that watch. Now, all of us have different movements or we could say all of us are different parts of the watch. You look at a watch, some parts move a little bit. Some are moving constantly. Some only move once an hour. Some only move when a certain button's pressed because there's a certain thing that needs to be done. And then when that button stopped, what do they do? They go back to not moving for a while. It's all different pieces and all different parts. Amen. But catch this. That the watch does not control the mainspring. Okay? The Holy Spirit is not meant to be controlled. The Holy Spirit is meant to control. When we come into this service and and I was talking with the musicians this morning how much I appreciate that we we get together and we pray before the service because I said it reminds me we're in this together. Everybody's pulling. Everybody's got a part to do it. Amen. But as we look at these things, the worst thing that I can do when I come out of that room and come to this pulpit is come with a personal expectation of what's going to happen. Absolutely. If I come up here with intention that I'm going to get so and so to respond, somebody's going to dance, somebody's going to shout, somebody's going to cry, somebody's going to come to the altar, somebody's going to get convicted, you know what happens? The spirit of God goes right over there. Why? because I'm trying to control it rather than letting it control me. I've got to come here yielded so that I don't come out here swinging a big two-handled sword when God's trying to do a work that requires a scalpel. Amen. We don't need a yelling preacher every service. Sometimes we need somebody to come with the cold, hard truth of the scripture. And I don't mean that in a bad way where it just punches you between the eyes and you cannot resist it. It's not emotional. It's just God laying in the word in a calm manner so you can just sit there and let it flow over you. Sometimes we need a a preacher that's walking the aisles. We need that getting close to the people. I like it here. I'm very safe and secure back here. But you get Brother Dwayne Farah, he goes all the way to the back, doesn't he? You got some preachers, Brother Kai Digs, he likes to walk the aisles. We need that sometimes. is we need a preacher that's here and he's preaching only the supernatural cuz why? We need the supernatural. It's in the scriptures. But then we get a preacher comes and he preaches the practical. Why? Cuz that's in the scriptures, too. See, we don't tell the Holy Spirit what to do. He tells us what to do. That's the only way that it works. Amen. What am I looking to happen? I'm looking for my thoughts to move on so that his thoughts can flow over this pulpit. It has to be his message, church, not my message. It's got to be his anointing, not mine. It's got to be his thoughts, not mine. I want what he has for me way more than I want what I have for you. Amen. It's got to be him and it's got to be him alone. Brother B would say this. He says, "Did you ever know men that are led by the spirit of God can't understand their own self?" If you've ever been led by the spirit, you'll realize at some point it doesn't make sense. based on what you know, based on what you've experienced in life, based on your logic, your reason, your education, whatever it might be. He says they are driven by a force that sometimes they think, "Why did I ever do that?" But it's God working in them. Sons and daughters of God are led by the spirit of God. Remember, Brother Bam tells that story about he's on his plane or he's about to get on his plane and the spirit of God says, "Go and start walking." He says, "Lord, my plane's going to leave shortly." And he says, "No, something said you walk. Where am I going? What am I going to do? Just walk. Just walk. Makes no sense, church. He's got to catch a flight. And the spirit of God says, "Just walk." And so he's walking, walking, walking. Lord, what do you want? What do you want? Just keep walking. They says, "Turn here." And he walks down the street and he walks past the house and there's this colored woman and she's leaning on the picket fence and she says, "Howdy, person." And he says, "Howdy." And he keeps walking and then he stops and he says, "How did you know I was a preacher?" She said, "I was praying this morning that God would send me a preacher. My son's in here and he's laying sick. He had a veneerial disease of some sort. It was killing him." She says, "And I prayed." She said, "So when I saw you coming, I knew the Lord had sent me a person." So he said, "Well, Lord, I guess is this what you want me to do?" So he went in, he prayed for the man. The man was healed. He walked all the way back to his his aircraft and it had been held for maintenance and he walked on and they took off a few minutes later. What? Sons of God are led by the spirit of God. Makes no sense. Now, it made sense once he got through it. But that's not the time you got to wait, church. You got to go before you understand. As long as you're confident you're being led by the spirit. And I can't tell you how many times that's happened in my own ministry. Not walking down streets, but you come to the pulpit and then you go down a preaching rabbit hole. And you say, "Well, that was odd." And sometimes it is. Sometimes it's very jarring. I'll be honest, because you feel like you've got a thought and the Lord's given you a direction and all of a sudden you're going here. I remember Matt Watkins, brother Matt Watkins talking about he went to a a convention and he came up to the pulpit and somehow his notes I think he dropped them and they got all blended together and he couldn't find what he needed and he got all all flustered up there and he didn't know what to do and all of a sudden he he just started preaching on the value of a life. It made no sense what he was talking about. It had no ties to anything that he had preached that service which was a mess up to that point. Anyways, he says, "But after that was done," he said, "A sister came up to me for prayer at the end of that service and she said, "I was going to commit suicide after this service." So, what did God do? God flustered his preacher to touch her soul and save her life. That's what we're looking for. I remember when I preached in Edmonton last year, I didn't get off the first page and we were gone. And I said, "Lord, you lead. I'll follow as best I can." You can't control God. There's no point in it. This little pea brain, this little understanding that we have, it can't do it. Amen. Now, I'm talking about preaching and that doesn't mean much to most of you. It means something to brother Grant. Maybe a little bit to brother Bob or brother Mark or brother Paul as they've been behind the pulpit because I believe when you step behind the pulpit, the spirit will use you if you're a proper willing vessel and you're you're allowed to be here. Okay? But for most of us, we don't do that. Amen. But what I'm trying to show you is that the Holy Spirit will often make you uncomfortable. It's not easy to do. It's often unplanned and it's even inconvenient sometimes. That's the way the spirit of God moves. It'll make people shake their head and wonder. It'll make you shake your head and wonder sometimes. Brother Bram talks about he had a planned trip to Germany and they had 2500 ministers that were committed to that service. Plus, they had a 40,000 seat auditorium prepared. all the planning, all the advertisements, they were going to pack the house. And he pulled away in the last minute. You know where he went? He went and preached in Edmonton, Alberta, and he preached a message called the great commission. You'd think the great commission would have led him over to 40,000 souls, right? Rather than little old Edmonton, Alberta. But what did the spirit of God lead him to, church? It led him to where the word would be received, not just heard. Amen. It's not about numbers. This is not a numbers game. This is about God having a seed that need to hear the word. Remember what Paul talked about in Acts 19. He says in my heart I wanted to go to Asia to preach. I had a burden in my heart. The Holy Ghostfilled prophet of the age had a burden in his heart to go do something. He said, "And the Holy Spirit forbade me." Are there souls that needed his word in Asia? Yes. In fact, he had to walk through Asia to go to Macedonia, which is where the Holy Spirit sent him. He had to walk through Asia and not preach a service. How does that make any sense, church? The Macedonians couldn't wait. The ground was ready. And so, the spirit sent him where there were people ready to hear. And you look at Asia. He comes back to Asia. He preaches. There's some converts, but you'll see that most of them fall away in the scriptures. It's not a strength. The Macedonian church is the one that needed him the most. It would be easy to say, "Lord, how could you have me go preach in Alberta where maybe he had a thousand instead of the 40,000 there?" And if we're not careful, church, you can see that the flesh would say Germany's where I want to be. Listen, as a preacher, you give me a crowd of 40,000, I'll pick it over a thousand or a hundred every day. In my flesh. In my flesh. That's me being honest this morning. Why wouldn't I want to go where there's a massive crowd, where there's more people, there's more of an anointing, there's more of a pull. It's an experience you'd never forget. But I'll tell you this, you'd never forget it because it wouldn't go the way I thought it was if it wasn't God's will. God can't bless me if I'm out of his will. Remember, Brother Brandom, he had everything pl he had gone on a trip and he thought they were going to a certain place and then they said, "No, I think it was South Africa." And they said, "No, no, no, we've changed it." He says, "The Holy Spirit says we're supposed to go here." They said, "But we've made plans to go here." And he stood them in a row. He says, "I'm standing you up as a witness to yourself. It will not go well." And they got rained out the whole time. It was brutal. He got sick. Six months, I think he was sick after that. Why? Because he didn't follow the leadership of the spirit. We don't go based on numbers. We don't go based on what it would feel good, what would look good. We don't go on based on what we think would be greatest impact. We go where he shows us to go. That's the way it works out. Amen. You know, sometimes things seem perfectly logical. That appeals to me, perfectly logical and reasonable. And we'd say, "Hey, that's the way we should do this. Maybe it is, maybe it isn't." You know, I look at my own life and I look at the circle that led me back to Newfoundland. And every time I listen, I didn't I didn't necessarily want to leave Newfoundland. I went to Brother Gerald. We prayed about it. We spoke about it. We took it to the Lord. And in the end, the the the Lord led me away. But every time I knew that I was moving, I always knocked on the door back to Newf Finland. And it never opened. It never opened. This is this to me was always home. This is where the people are that I love and appreciate. But that doesn't mean that it's God's will for me to come back. And clearly it was not. Cuz every time I knocked, the door didn't open. And even at times where they desperately needed people just like me, the door never opened. And so I would go elsewhere. What was it? It was God was training me. God was preparing me for the time when he'd open the door. And then when that door finally started to crack open, you know what I did? I sat back and said, "That's too logical. That's probably not the Lord's will." Why? Because it's a people that know me. It's a pastor that knows me, appreciates me, wants to have me here. There's a need here. That would make two sense to have a son of Newfoundland come back to Newfoundland, right? Because the need doesn't mean it has to be me. It just means it needs to be someone. And so I could never presume. My wife was convinced nine months before I was, I think. But by God's grace, she didn't focus on it with me. She let me come to my own leadership. And then when God opened the door, then we walked through that and everything worked out. And here we stand. But that was me being cautious because too many times I've seen people take the logical route and they fall flat on their face because the spirit is not logical by human understanding. Remember, our mind is at enmity with God. Logic has nothing to do with God. Nothing. Nothing. Listen church. He bends the the the rules, the laws of the universe, the laws of physics. Remember the prophet made the axe. Elisha, Elijah, I'm not sure which one, made an axe head float. How do you make an axe head float? Right? Logic won't work. How do you take a few pieces of bread and a couple fish and break it apart and feed 5,000? He broke the laws. Why? Because he is the law. It's all under him anyways. He can do what he wills with it. Amen. We're sheep. Sheep have to be led. Otherwise, we lead ourselves to destruction. Now, I'm going to show you a video this morning. I don't normally do this, but I'm talking about us needing leadership. Okay? And and I want to share this little clip this morning here. This is a sheep that was stuck down in a ditch, and he's so happy now. Now, I'm going to leave that up there while I talk because we laugh and we say, "That's hilarious, church." But what is that sheep's problem? The sheep's problem is not that he's a sheep. The sheep's problem is he left the shepherd. The shepherd got him out of trouble. The shepherd kept him on the side so he could move on with his life. And what did he do in joy? He bounded oh back over the obstacle that got him in trouble and then joyfully leaped right back into it. Okay, I'm going to take that off now. That is But we laugh, church. But then you got to realize all we are sheep. We're just like that dumb fuzzy white animal. Sheep are the dumbest animals out there pretty much when it comes to mammals. They have no ability to lead. no ability whatsoever to lead. And so what did they do? That sheep was so full of joy of being free that he took his liberty and he jumped right back into into prison. Right. Right. What what did he last? 3 seconds on his own. He lasted three seconds. The joy of the Lord is my [Music] help. I need to do more videos in church. I think. But that's me and that's you. When we get away from the leadership of the Holy Spirit, we're in total joy, total happiness, total freedom, and then we fall right in the same ditch that we just got out of. Amen. But realize this, Satan works on both sides of the spectrum here. Because we can be so logical and so practical and so perfect in our doing that we're prone to not moving at all. That's this guy. Why? Because I want every move I make to be perfect. And guess what? If every move is going to be perfect, you're never going to move because you can't do it. Remember read that quote the other day. Brother said, "If you're going to do something, you're going to make mistakes. Period. You might as well accept it." Well, guess what? This flesh does not like making mistakes. This flesh wants to be perfect in public. And so I'm prone to not moving in this flesh without the spirit. Amen. Because what is it? God's trying to get me to step out and do something I've never done before. And this guy's sitting back and saying, "But what if I fail? What if I make a mistake? What if I embarrass myself? What if? What if? What if? What if?" And what happens? I'm paralyzed by my own requirement of perfection or logic or reason or whatever that might be. Then there are others of us that can't seem to stop moving. Very few of us are balanced in our natures. Have you noticed that? That's why I need a wife like mine. She moves more than I do. That helps me move, but I'm stable and and slower, and that keeps her from moving too much. And between the two of us, we are perfect. Absolutely perfect. But remember, she's the missing part of me. So I'm saying we're per we're perfect and everybody's giggling. But that's what God intended was that she would come in and her and I together would be perfect. Unity perfect. Okay. But what we've got people that always want to be moving. They always want to be doing. They always want to be talking. They always want to be doing their part. And you know what it is? God's just sitting back in the corner saying, "All right, let me know when you're tired, and then I'll show you the one thing I want you to do. The one thing, the one thing." Amen. God saying, "Listen, you've got a lot of energy. Let me put it where it will put it, where it'll have the greatest effect. Otherwise, we're running around like a chicken with his head cut off, and all we're doing is making a mess." Have you ever worked on a an appliance or a piece of equipment or or just whatever? It could be just a a little thing in your house and you dub everything you can and you can't get it to work. You can't fix it. And so what do you do? You call a professional. Now, if you're a wife, maybe you call your husband. Maybe some of you you husbands call your wives. I don't know. Or maybe if you're a husband, you call in a a tradesman. And what do they do? They come in and they go right to the source and they have the right tool and the right technique. Right, Brother Matt? And they just do it. and everything works perfectly. And what do you say? I wish I'd have brought you in sooner. Right? I wish I brought in the professional sooner. It would have shave saved me all the frustration, would have saved me all the time, and it' be working better than it ever had before. Isn't that the way it is with God? Too many times. Looking back, we wish we'd have brought him in sooner. But here's the thing. Once we brought him in, do we stay with him? See, sometimes what we do is we kind of call him in, you know, like a valet or something. Hey, hey, Lord, I need some help here. And we're bringing him into our situation rather than walking with him as we go through situations. And so, he comes in and then what do we say? Thank you, Lord, for fixing that. Off you go now. And we don't say off you go, but we walk away and we go back to our logic and reason or practicality or emotion or whatever that might be. Call them in and keep them. Say, "Lord, I'm going to follow you around now because I notice it's easier to live if you're with me." That's the way it's supposed to go. Then if he says go, we go. And then if he says stay, we stay cuz we're with him now. And that's what keeps us. That's what steadies our lives. He says there's something. Sorry, there we go. Do you want to see it one more time? It just every time I watch it, I shared this with so many people. And it just yeah, it speaks to me. He says, "There's something in a man that's got the baptism of the Holy Ghost that makes him believe the supernatural, makes him believe in God. I sat down with a man one time, a pastor, and I told him, "The Holy Spirit said this to me." And he said, "The Holy Spirit doesn't speak like that." He didn't believe in it. literally did not believe in the Holy Spirit speaking to an individual believer. That's in this message. He was so practical, he'd forgot the supernatural. That doesn't work for me, church. I can do practical real well on my own. I need the supernatural to take me beyond what the practical can't do. Amen. He says led by the spirit. It's not the man. It's something inside of him pushing out. He can't hold it and he just can't stop himself. there's something there moving. My wife told me a story about a man that was at a a big um um you know a big set of meetings and he got filled with the spirit and he came out and he went to that man that had done the preaching. He says, "I'm going to go to seminary and I'm going to learn to become a missionary so I can go out." And you know what that man said? He said, "Go out while you've got something to give. Take that anointing that's on you. Take the spirit of God, that thing that's inside you that's driving you. Go now cuz seminary will take it out of you. Go while you got something to give. Go while your fire's lit so you can light somebody else. I thought that was good. Go while you got something pushing out. Cuz if you wait, you've noticed I've talked about this before. You ever have that that time in service where something says just stand up and raise your hands and everybody's sitting and if you don't do it, have you ever noticed what happens? Pretty soon somebody else over there pops up. Why? Because you didn't do it. God said, "I'm I'm going to have it. Somebody will listen to me this morning. Somebody will worship. Somebody will praise in a way that's uncomfortable." And I've seen it time and time again. So now I don't disobey. I do it as soon as he does that. But that's a leading of the spirit. That's not me just jumping up. And that's the way we ought to be as well. But you'll see what cuz there's something that's building up there and it's got to find a vessel that's willing to move. And so that's what he's trying to do. But it's not just about moving. Sometimes it's about holding in place. Amen. Sometimes everything in our body, in our mind and emotions is saying, "You got to do something about this. You got to change this. You got to address this. You got to work this out." And God's saying, "You don't have a clue what's going on, son. Daughter. You just need to sit still for a little bit and let me show you what's happening." Amen. Why? Because we're often uncomfortable. We're offended. We're hurt. We're frustrated. Somebody stepped on our rights. and we think I got to go out there and fix this. But remember, our Christian walk is one of rest. It is not of getting up and doing everything. It's resting in Christ, abiding in Christ, and letting him move us around. That's what he's supposed to be doing. So many times, God is trying to teach us, keep your hands off the steering wheel, and I'll show you what's really going on here. Cuz there is always way more than what we see. Always. Always. Amen. And I've learned as a pastor, as a father, as a husband that I need to go prayerfully and wait. When there is something that when when this entire body is screaming, "Do something." That's usually a good sign. Don't do anything. Cuz the body's driving this situation, not that restful spirit in the soul. As a pastor, I could destroy the congregation if every time I got flustered or frustrated or saw something and I just go with a hammer and just bang, I'm going to drive that nail down. You can't do it. You can't do it. People have to grow by the spirit, not by the pastor knocking them around. Can't do it. Can't do it. I can lead you to water, but you've got to drink. That's the way it's got to work. So, I've learned to sit back and say, "Lord, what's your will? Lord, what am I missing? Lord, is this a me problem? Is this a me problem? Cuz sometimes I'm worked up, but the problem's me, not them." I got an amen. Thank you, brother Bob. and Sister Moren as well. Sometimes the problem's me. The me monster needs to be addressed. And so many times when he's done working on me, I don't really have any thought about what that person should be told or what I should do to them. Why? Because I realize, hey, I contributed. And once he fixes me, I'm like, he can work on them, too. I'm too exhausted, too beat up, too humbled to go back and try and correct that brother or sister. But listen, I can apply my own force if I'm in my house. I'm the dad. I'm the husband. As brother Paul says, I am the high priest of this home. And I can go in and I can go bang bang bang all day long. And you know what it is, church? It's my authority, not the Holy Spirit's. It's my force, not the Holy Spirit's. And all I'm doing is I am forcing my family to line up with me. And listen, there's an element to that, brothers. We ought to control what comes in and out of our house. Yes, absolutely. But we cannot force, as brother Barry was talking about, we cannot force our children to live a Holy Ghost life without the Holy Ghost. I can work with the deacons here and I can say, "Brothers, if somebody does this, you get in there and do that and this and that." And I definitely don't want to see this and if this ever happen. No, I can do that, but that's just the force of me. And that'll never do anything for the church. I can't force my spouse, can't force my children into anything that will last. I can teach them. Scripture says, "Train up a child in the way he should go." And when he is old, he won't turn away from it. See, it takes God to work with him. God to work with her to bring him to a place where they can hold on to it. But the force of our will will not hold them. it won't last long time. We have to be led by God, not by the fact that we're uncomfortable or we're hurt or we're struggling, whatever that might be. Brother was talking about, remember, he said, "I was in the mountains and there was that spring and I just kept bubbling and bubbling and bubbling." And I said, "Spring? Why do you bubble? Why do you bubble?" He said, "Because there's a pressure behind me. There's a source behind me that keeps pushing up." He says this. He says, "And that's the way every man that's born of the spirit of God." He doesn't go himself anymore, but there's something behind him when he's led by the Holy Spirit makes him do things he thought he wouldn't do. Now, catch this. Watch how he looks. You say, "What's that look like, Brother John?" It's not you a bubbling. It's something in you bubbling. It's not you shouting. It's something in you screaming. It's not you crying. It's something got in your tear. Amen. That's it. led by the spirit of God. Our worship has to be spirit-ledd, not emotionled. Listen, uh there's a a brother that I knew down in Texas and he was a phenomenal guitar player, great musician, and he was raised in a good home and as a young person, he backed he didn't backslide, he never really got right, I guess. And he went out and he was at a concert and he said an atmosphere came over that concert. He said, "That scared me back to church because it felt exactly like what I experienced in church. It wasn't of God, but it was a spirit of worship and praise towards something satanic." And he said, "It was so close, it felt like I was back in church." The effect, the atmosphere, the goosebumps, everything was there. He said, "It was like a church service except God wasn't there." Scared him straight back to church. Emotion is not what drives this. Amen. Our purpose is not to be led around by our emotions. God gave us them. They are a part of worship. Emotional response is a part of worship, but it doesn't drive it. It doesn't drive it. It has to be from the inside coming out. Amen. All of it has to be brought subject to God. And that's a part of the crucifying of the flesh. I told the story before how I was called to minister and it was at a camp meeting that brother Matt Watkins was preaching. It was directed to the young people and my pastor said, "I want you there." And I went there and they didn't really have anything that I could do. So I was kind of frustrated, frankly. My family wasn't there. It was just me. And so I was like, "Okay." You know, felt like a third leg, just nothing to do there. But the final service, Brother Matt preached on surrender and it was a good service. But again, it's mostly focused on young people. And so I'm there as a support and I'm not really kind of digging in maybe the way that I would the way it's brought it. It it you know just just done a little differently than maybe you do for a more mature Christian. And then at the end everyone was singing and worshiping and you know I was there I was enjoying it. Hey I love the preaching of the word. I love being with the saints of God. I love the worship and praise. But suddenly I went from just enjoying it to my hands went up and my eyes closed and my head went up. And that wasn't me that was raising my hands because what a hands up mean church? Surrender. He had just preached on surrender. But I had not been convicted of anything in my life as he was doing this. There was nothing going through my mind as he was preaching this. But what was it? The spirit of God started to move. And my hands went up and I said, "Lord, what is this about?" And he said, "I'm calling you to preach." And I said, "I don't think that's a good idea." And here we are today. But what was it? Something pushed my hands up. Something started the process of surrender and it wasn't me. It was a spirit of God moving because if I started the process, I'd be running the show today. That won't work. He's got to start it and he's got to finish it and he's got to carry me through from the start to the finish. Amen. I I didn't want to be a preacher. Shoot me now. Don't want to be a preacher. Didn't want to be a preacher. Now, if you took it away, I'd be very unhappy. But in and of myself, I don't want to be that. It's difficult. It takes a lot of commitment. It takes a lot of time. It's a burden on the family. It's a burden on your mind. It's a burden on your body. Look at my hair. Look at my eye. Imagine if I had a real gift, how bad it would be. Amen. But what is it? Sons of law. God are led by the spirit of God. I didn't start this work. And listen, church, if he takes me out of it, I imagine he'll take away the desire to do it as well now. And the anointing to do it. Why? Because it's him working, not me. That's the only way that this can work. I couldn't go into preaching with a whole bunch of knowledge. And that was my fear was I knew I I thought I knew too much. I've said this over the pulpit many times. A know-it-all. You can't be a know-it-all and be a preacher because knowledge isn't how this works. It's re revelation by Holy Ghost leadership. It's the only way you can preach revelation by the leadership of the Holy Spirit. Amen. If I'm coming up here to deliver a speech I've memorized or share this knowledge that I have, you know what it's going to do? It's going to destroy you because it'll lead you to dead religion and theology. That's what'll happen. It'll destroy the very congregation. But it takes that nature of a sheep that's surrendered to the shepherd for preaching to work. It's the only way that it can work because I'm a sheep just like you. That's the thing. The preacher is no different than the congregation except he has a gift. But what does a gifted sheep do except lead the sheep into further destruction. That's it. I can only take you further off the path than anyone else because I'm just a sheep. I'm gifted enough to get you to follow me. So I can take you wherever I want you to go. And it's still destruction for all of us. What do we need? We need a shepherd. I need a shepherd. You need a shepherd. And that's the only way that a sheep can get anywhere. And we can interfere with that leadership. And we're going to talk about that a little bit this morning because the the way we interfere is we let something else lead. We let something else get a toe hold or a foothold or a finger hold in our life. We get so wrapped up in life. We let it consume us. We let it overcome us. And next thing you know, we're overwhelmed. We're frustrated. We're wore out. We don't know if we're coming. We don't know if we're going. We don't know what's up. We don't know what's down. We don't know what's right or wrong. We can get so beat up in this life. Amen. We end up bitter. We end up depressed. We end up dissatisfied. And so many things can latch on to us in life circumstances if we let it because it's always trying to get in. It's always trying to get in. It's like we have these pressure vessels in in oil and gas primarily. And usually it's to keep something in. You know, you've got something that's at high pressure and you got a big piece of steel around it, a big vessel, a big piece of pipe. Well, really for the believer, the pressure is from the outside trying to get in. And everything in this world is trying to drive into our life. And if there's the littlest crack, there's the littlest flaw. What does it do? It'll fail in that area and it'll let it inside. Everything's trying to press in. Brother Brandham here is I'm going to share this set of quotes here. And he's talking to his home church. And he's saying, "Listen, there's reasons why we struggle here. There's reasons why we have problems internally." And he talked about a church that had gossip issues and backbiting issues and and listening to people without pointing them to the word. That's a key to this. We can get so caught up in listening that we never give people the direction they need to go. And he said, "That's the root of a lot of the issues we face as a church." Now, I'm not I don't believe that's here this morning. Maybe it is. The Lord knows, but that's not why I'm preaching it. I want to get to to what's at the end. But remember, the spirit of God is supposed to be within us. But demons are also trying to get into the Christian walk. Absolutely. A demon is virtually powerless without a body. The battle started up here, right, Brother Grant? And then it came down here. God kicked them out up there and now they're down here. And God's trying to kick them out down here as well. So, they're trying to get into our lives and into our thoughts and and inhabit us in some sort of way. Amen. And so, when we get caught up in situations and circumstances and personalities and preferences, that's a prime time for something else to come in and try and influence us. Now, he says this. He says, you know, what's in your heart is what expresses itself. In other words, if you've got the nature of Christ, if you got the Holy Spirit in your life, it will produce the fruit of the spirit. Period. End of story. You can't say, "I have the spirit of God and you're producing fruit." That's not the spirit of God. It can't work that way. The life will produce the fruit. Okay? He says the Holy Ghost is here. The Holy Ghost wants to come in. That's the reason today that the Holy Spirit, he hasn't gone from you forever. Now, he's talking about people that have not truly received the baptism of the Holy Spirit. Okay? They haven't had a new birth. They've had an experience, a church experience. They've had a experience in a camp meeting. They've had experience in a wonderful service where they felt it all around them. But he says that's the reason he can't come in and stay. He says, "But he hasn't gone from you forever." Why? Because he wants to get in. He says it's just sitting out there on the limbs of the tree somewhere ready to fly itself back and come into you and give you love and peace and joy like you used to have. He says it is. He's ready to do it. He wants to do it. He's longing to do it. But you won't let him do it. Now catch how this happens. He says that's what makes the dove takes its flight. He says just let somebody just start a little something around the church and the first thing, oh is that so? Oh, you don't mean so. He says, "Right, then the Holy Ghost goes and flies away." It just can't stand that kind of spirit. As long as that lamb nature leaves you, then the Holy Ghost is gone. That's right. He says, "That's what's the matter today." That's the reason the people are in the condition they're in is because they let the wrong spirit come into their heart and into their life. Okay? He says the Bible said that's the reason there's so many sick and afflicted among us because of such things. He said, "We must be gentle. We must be peaceful. We must be a lamb so the dove can abide with us." Notice he's not talking about an experience of a moment. He's saying the spirit of God is supposed to abide. It's supposed to come in and stay in. And that's what the new birth is, church. Once you're sealed with the spirit of God, it cannot leave. Your soul is sealed. Okay? But we're talking now about an an abiding, not just an anointing on us, but an abiding in us. It's not one here, here one moment and then gone the next. He says, now remember the dove will come. Someone said, "Oh, don't tell me I never received the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. Down the night there one night when he came in, I could just walk." He says, "Sure, that was him." He didn't say you received him. He said that was him. Oh, I felt so good. I felt like I could get every little bird out of the tree and hug it and love it. my wickedest person that ever done anything to me. I felt like I could put my arm around them and hug them. Oh, how I felt. He says, "Sure, that was the Holy Ghost temporary." Cuz if you had it all the time, then the effect would be all the time. Okay? This was not the inddwelling spirit. This was the presence around the feeling of it, the anointing of it. But it could come and go. He says, "But you see the reason he couldn't abide." He says, "You were a lamb. Then in that atmosphere, in that church service, in that moment, you opened yourself up and that atmosphere changed you and all of a sudden you're loving and sweet and kind and gentle." He says, "And that feeling will stay for you for a moment." He says, "But when you became a wolf, he had to take his flight. When you left that church service, when you lost the feeling, when you lost the emotion that you felt, he says he had to take his flight. Why? Because you went back to your old nature. He says there's nothing wrong with the dove. It's you and you let that spirit come to you. Then he asked this question. Did I let it? How does that come on to me? He says yes. When you went to listening to that gossip, when you listened to that lie, when you went to saying, "Well, I've got a right to." Now, notice these three things. Gossip, we ought to have no time for it, church. If you don't know that, you know that you know that it's true, you should not say it. And if you don't say it, then nobody will ever listen to gossip because it won't exist. I remember we had a situation not too long ago where somebody shared a a prayer request, but the information was incomplete. And so I reached out to the the the person that said it and they said, 'Well, this is what I heard. Well, well, who did you hear it from? So I went to that person. I asked them, 'What did you hear?' And so by the time I got to the end of it, the prayer request was not a prayer request such as it was given. But if we'd have come in here and said that over this pulpit, then somebody could have said, "Look at them. They're talking about us. They're thinking we're doing this. They think we're doing that. And they're praying about a situation that doesn't exist." good intentions, but not taking the time to make sure you got the facts right. Sometimes we gossip without realizing it because we didn't take the time to verify the information first. Okay? We always make sure somebody's got the facts. Second hand doesn't work, church. You got to go back to the first hand. Remember, we played that game before. I know the young people have played it where you have a a group of people in a circle and the first person tells something to the second person and then the second person repeats it to the third and by the time they get to the end, does it look anything? Does it sound anything like what was said? It's not even close. It's hilarious. It's hilarious how far that that message gets changed as it goes from person to person. It's the same thing with stories, events, things that went on. Every time we tell it, we change it usually. And then the other person hears it and they forget a key detail and all of a sudden we've got villains. We've got drama. We got all sorts of issues that didn't necessarily exist. Gossip. They says you listen to that lie. Sometimes you listen to somebody tell an untruth, but sometimes it's a lie about your position in Christ. And you believe that it doesn't you believe that God doesn't love you. You believe that that promise isn't for you. That God's not working in your life. You believe a lie that says you don't have the Holy Ghost. And it binds you. It binds you because you forgot who you are in Christ. Then the last one, he says, "Well, I've got a right to." And what do we do? We say, "I don't got to take this. They can't say that to me. They have no right to do that. I've got rights." Leadyia, people's rights. He says, "You haven't got no right." He says, "You are bought with a price." And that was the price of the precious blood of the son of God. You have no legal rights. But then he says these words, "Hallelujah." How many of us if if somebody said, "You got no rights." We'd say, "Hallelujah." But catch what he says. He says, "The only rights you have is to come to the fountain filled with blood drawn from Emanuel's veins when sinners plunged beneath the flood lose all their guilty stain. Your right is to come and be forgiven. Your right is to come and be accepted. What more rights do you want?" Cuz you have to lay down all your other rights to come to that one. It's not me and Jesus. It's Jesus. He says that's the only right you have is a surrendered self-will to God and then God does the leading from then on. He says that's what causes these meetings. What? The supernatural. He says that's what causes so many strange things. The Holy Spirit will go to a place and said this is not right. Stop the meeting. Move yonder. He says I'll stop it too, brother. Move right on. That's right. Because you've got to be led by the spirit of God. And the only way to be led by the spirit of God is to keep gentle. He said, "And not to know a whole lot." Oh, that is so hard for some of us. That is so hard for some of us, isn't it? Because we know too much. And we think because we have an understanding. Remember, he would talk about the parrot that could mimic. And you could say all these words to the parrot, but the parrot could say it, but he never understood it. And so, you bring in a a a professor from Harvard and try and have a conversation with that parrot. That parrot could say a lot of words, but it could never understand what it was saying. We're the same way with God. We only understand as he gives us understanding. We only see things as he gives us revelation. He says, "Oh, you think I know a whole lot." Anybody here say, "I know a whole lot." We know a whole lot. We do know a whole lot, but it doesn't matter. He says, "Yeah, you got your brain all worked up and it can't even work itself. What they say to Paul, much learning have made thee mad. Sometimes we are so worked up trying to figure the way through. Figure the way out. And we think we've got it all mapped out. And he says, you can't even get yourself out of a ditch like that sheep. You get out and you jump right back in. He says, "You know all the books and all the answers and all the Greek and all the Hebrew and haven't got any place for the dove to roost." That's right. He says, "But if you know it all, then the dove can't lead because you know too much. The lamb doesn't claim to know nothing. It's got to have somebody else to lead it. Glory. He says, "That's it. Don't know nothing." Amen. The only thing I know is Christ Jesus died to save me. He says, "Down through California, there was a guy coming. Had a sign in front of him that said, I'm a fool for Christ." And on the back, it said, "Whose fool are you?" He said, "That's right. Become a fool to the world that you might be led by the Holy Ghost." Because the sons and daughters of God are led by the Holy Ghost. What's the purpose of the spirit of God? It's to show us the will of God. To lead us into the will of God so we can receive the will of God. Show us, lead us so we can receive. That's the purpose of it. Amen. It puts us on the path to receive the full word of God. The word of God started it at the beginning. It was the thoughts of God. It became the spoken word of God. And now it's here to become the manifested word of God in you and I. It's the word from start to finish. So we have to be drawn back to that word. So everything we do, everything we say, everything we have in our lives is supposed to be surrendered to that word cuz that's what's going to take us all the way through. That's the only way to keep things in perspective is to take it back to the word. Amen. When the only way to find the truth of the situation is to take it back to the word and that'll do it. The truth is what's going to set us free. Amen. And so when we want to see what's going on, we say, "What does the word say?" Listen, you can come to me and say, "Brother John, what would you suggest? What do you think?" But I need to take you from me and point you to the word because I've got all sorts of ideas. But remember, I'm supposed to move those on. I'm supposed to move those on. And we're supposed to let the spirit speak through the word of God. That's what the Holy Spirit's here to do is to make the word speak into our lives so it can lead us and guide us. Amen. It's there to open our soul. Move past the mind. Move past the mind and take it into the soul so the soul can receive it. And then from there, it can come back out through your mind and through your body and these different things and produce what God wants for us. He said, "I believe that God's word supplies everything that we have need of right here in the word. From our beginning to the end, it's found right in God's word. It foretells." He says, "God's word's a warning." Now, you don't read God's words just like you read a newspaper. You read God's word by the Holy Spirit. See, because the Holy Spirit itself speaking through Christ, Christ was thanking God that he had hid these things from the eyes of the wise and prudent and would reveal them to babes such as would learn. So, we can't go in with our education. You can't go in just because you've been raised in a Christian church and say, "I understand this. I've said it before. I'll say it again. It's my favorite saying. I'll say it again. Until I got the Holy Ghost, I didn't really see the Bible for what it was. Couldn't. Couldn't. How can you? You need this Holy Spirit to open your eyes. Paul the Apostle was Saul reading that word under a religious upbringing, under the best teachers, and it took him straight into an antichrist spirit. Just because I'm raised in a message church doesn't make me right. It takes the spirit of God in me to put the word into its proper perspective, to open it up. He says, "So you see, there's no way of ever being educated. There's no way of ever denominating. There's only one way to get right, and that's to be led by the spirit of God. And that experience you had must cope with this word." See, he says, "Then you've got it." Now, we know what coping is. Coping uh the easy way to do it, we don't have any crown molding here. You can sort of see it on the base uh boards there. When you put two pieces of of crown molding together, they're always they're usually sticking out a bit. And so you got to do a particular cut to get those two pieces to go together. And they call it coping. You can do with pipe. If you take two pieces around pipe and put it together, you don't just cut one side flat and put it up against the pipe and weld it. It won't work. You got to cut out this very particular arc all the way around to get it to fit perfectly. It's called coping. He says your life experience has to cope. It has to match up with the word of God. Otherwise, it ain't God. That's a hard thing to say. It's a hard thing to say. But listen, going to church ain't coping with the word of God. Just get just doing what mom and dad tell you ain't coping with the word. Those are good and don't stop doing it. But it's going to take a lifechanging experience that matches what the word of God says comes with a new birth for us to cope properly to match up to what it says. So when life happens, and it does and it will, what are we going to do? We're led by the spirit. We've got the spirit of God inside of us. But do we grab our friend? Do we grab our brother? Do we grab our sister and say, "Here, let me tell you what's going on in my life. Let me tell you what so- and so did. Let me tell you what what happened out here. Let me tell you how my husband's treating me. Let me tell you what my wife's doing. Let me tell you the problems I'm having with my kids." That's okay. It's okay to share our burdens. We're supposed to share our burdens. Amen. But if all we're doing is being a listening ear, church, we're not going to get ahead. A listening ear is just sympathy. But what happens is after that conversation, you might cheer them up a little bit. You might help them a little bit, but they're going to walk out and that situation's going to overcome them the way it did just before they came in. Why? Because all you've given them is sympathy. Sympathy isn't power. It's not power. It feels good for the moment. It's emotional connection. It gives somebody a bolster for a moment, but they're going to walk out and that situation's still going to be there. Their questions are going to be there. Their hurt, their offenses, their concerns, whatever it might be, it's all going to be there. and your sympathetic ear is going to fall away and they're going to be right back into life. Amen. Why? Because we're keeping the focus on the wrong thing, which is the situation. But when the situation is presented, what do we what ought we to say? Here's what the word says. And what do we do? We're trying to bring it into an eternal perspective, into a God perspective, rather than a life pers perspective, if I could put it that way. Amen. We've got to go beyond sympathy. We've got to go beyond understanding. Oh, brother, I've been there. Sister, I've been there. I know what you're feeling. Wonderful. How did you get through it? That's what we need to know. I've been there, but how did you get through it? You ought to say, "I've been there, but he set me free. I've been there, but he delivered me out of the mouth of the lion and the paw of the bear. I've been there and he provided the money. I'm there and he guided me through my job search. I've been there and he gave me a spouse. I'm there and he healed my hurts. I'm there, but he healed my family. That's what people need to hear is the power of the word in action by the spirit, not just sympathy. A I teased brother Joe. He says, you know, you know, the other day he was playing hockey and he got shot in the foot. And whenever he says something and it gets hurt to get hit in the ankle with a slapshot, okay, it hurts. He said, "That was it. I was done for the game." And you know what I say? A poor braito. That means little guy. Poor little guy in Spanish, right? A And he I don't think he likes it. I'll be honest. Cuz what? We want sympathy. But sympathy doesn't change his hurting ankle. Makes him feel good for the little bit, but when he walks out, he's still got his hurting ankle. You know what would help is if I said, "Hey, Joe, they make ankle guards for things like that. It'll take the sting out of it next time." Or maybe you could consider not standing in front of people when they take a slapshot. I'm trying to tell them how you keep this from happening, right? Not just, "Oh, it's okay, buddy." No, give them something that'll help them through the situation. What is it? We've got to go and say, "Here's what the word says we should do." Listen, let me say it this way. If somebody says, "I've got an issue," we ought to be able to take them to the word. And you know what? We should finish with a word of prayer. Because that tells you, if you can pray about it at the end, that tells you whether you were unloading or looking for liberty. Because if all we want to do is talk about it, we're looking for sympathy. We're not looking for deliverance, right? And sometimes we don't know. And sometimes when you come to me, I don't know. And I have to be able to say that. But I say, "We know a God who knows." And we ought to be able to close every conversation like that in prayer with each other and commit it to God and say, "Lord, let your word come to pass in this person's life. Let your word come into this situation." And that way we go out and the situation may still be there, but we've got an attitude change. We've got a perspective change. We've got a change in our approach. And we've got faith that God is going to move in the situation because we've taken it back to his word, not just taken it back to my sympathy or my understanding. When we get together at the end, sympathy, comments, pats on the back, hugs, every single time it should still finish with the word of God. Sometimes we need emotional support. You know, they have these emotional support animals now. Have you seen people walk around? They can take them everywhere, planes and everything. Emotional support animals is for people that are overwhelmed easily and that that animals there usually a dog to to give them the hugs and the kisses that they can't get from the walk people walking by. It's to make them feel safe and appreciated and loved. God's not an emotional support animal. He's a changing God for your situation. Listen, he gives emotional support. He's a father to the fatherless. He's a husband to the widow. He's all these things, but he's way more than that. He's way more than that. Sometimes what we're wanting is the emotional support rather than the change because the emotional support feels good. The change hurts. And the word will change you. It has to change you from glory to glory. Let me share a story and I'm closing this morning. Yesterday I was studying and my morning was very interrupted and so I was kind of late into the afternoon and then my wife left to with the boys to to go pick up the the other boys at the the practice here. And so Biscuit, our our new beagle, came down with me in my in my office. And since I was distracted, I thought I would distract him as well. So I put on a YouTube video of dogs barking just to see what he would do. Okay. So I put this on and so you've got a video that's showing the dog that's barking and then you got the barking sounds that are obviously coming out of the speakers. And so I was just having a bit of fun with him to see what he would do to distract him while the doors were closing. The feet were pattering upstairs so he wouldn't get all anxious about it cuz he just wants to go if they go. He loves the Jensen and and uh Samuel in particular and Blanca and if they leave he wants to be with them and he'll be up there barking and whining for for ages. So I was trying to distract him. So, as soon as I turned on that video, he was instantly intrigued. He left the door and he came over to me and he he he jumped up on my he put his paws on my knee, but he wasn't looking at the screen. He was looking at the speakers. Now, let me tell you, if you've been in my office downstairs, I've got a 32 in 4K definition beautiful monitor that I study on, and there is a dog barking, a huge head of a dog barking in 4K resolution, and all he can do is look right there at the speaker or there at the speaker, and the dog is right here. And he doesn't know what's going on. He could not see the dog barking because he was locked in to the dog barking. he was locked into the sound of it. Now, beagles have great eyesight, but their their sense of smell and their sense of hearing is more powerful than their eyesight because beagles typically they're rabbit dogs and so they're usually in thick brush and so they don't need to see as far. What they need to be able to do is hear and smell that animal so they can track it. So, his dominating sense is his hearing and his nose. So, he can't smell it. So, the next thing he goes to is his hearing. And so, he's locked on to that speaker. And how I had to take his hand firmly in my head in my hands and I had to do this and point him at the screen. And you know what he did while I pointed him at the screen? He kept trying to twist it back to the sound. Why? Because his senses declared that's where the dog is. Everything in his mind was screaming, "The dog is to the left and the dog is to the right." Okay? Why? Because the situation I was presenting him was beyond his understanding. He'd never been there before. Remember what God said to Joshua? Let the word go before you. You've never been this way before. You're in it. Your promise is in it, but you've never been here. You've got to let the word lead the way. And so I took biscuit and I was trying to lead him to the path of understanding. And he fought and he fought and then all of a sudden he caught it. Now he start he didn't like it cuz this dog is right here. I mean, it's only about two foot away and it's barking at him and it was not a it was it was not a nice bark. And so then he backed away a little bit and the ears went down and he started to growl. I'm like, "Okay, you caught it." See, he put the sound and the sight together and now he had an understanding. The thing I'm seeing is the thing that I'm hearing. He hadn't caught it before. Amen. That seems simple. I'm talking about a dog. But remember, he's leaning on his keenest sense. So when we're logical and a situation comes up, what do we lean on? Logic. When we're practical, what do we lean on? Practical. When we're emotional, what do we lean on? Emotion. When we're intuitive, this is the killer. When we're intuitive, what do we lean on, church? Intuition. When we're spiritual, we lean on I feel led to. But what are we looking for? We're looking for something that raises us beyond the overwhelming sense that we tend to use and take us into a six sense, a super sense of faith in the word of God so we can see things for what they're supposed what they really are. And he finally realized that dog I can see is the dog I can hear. And even though the sound isn't coming from his face, it's coming from those two divided speakers, he put the two together and now he was immersed in the situation. So then when I put up then I change it and I put it out. Now he'd look to the screen. But sometimes he'd forget and he'd get drawn back to those speakers again. Why? It was still beyond his true understanding. He could be immersed for a bit, but then he come right back to his natural senses because he hadn't come into a place of trusting and understanding what was going on. It was quite cute. But here's the thing. In the end, you know what he did? He jumped up in my lap. And then he investigated from there cuz he felt safe. Now, now he wasn't sitting back. Now he was sitting on my lap. And then that nose went forward and he's trying to smell cuz it's his keen sense. And he can't smell it, but he can see it and he can hear it. And he starts to dig deeper into the situation because he's feeling safe now. Daddy's here. The master's here. That's what God's trying to get us to do. Hey, sit with me and I'll show you what's going on. Then you don't have to worry about the circumstances. That situation won't get you. That person won't get you. Whatever it is, it won't get you. Just rest and I'll open up your understanding by the word of God. It was too much for him, though. And I don't believe to this day, the day after that beagle or or that biscuit really understands what was going on. But for a moment there, he was at rest with it because he trusted me and he let me comfort him in that moment and show him what was going on. We have a guiding hand. We have a master that's here to show us what's going on. Amen. Today we have so much coming at us, don't we? You know, it's in the world. We look at the politics of today and everything that's going on, natural disasters. We see that a helicopter crashed in the Hudson yesterday and you think, "Oh my goodness, how horrible." a family, a man, his wife and kids died and it can overwhelm you emotionally. It can be very difficult. You hear about a a school shooting. You hear about a a natural disaster. They had that that big earthquake in Myammar and and just hundreds, thousands of people dying in these things. We have believers that send out prayer requests. We know everybody that's sick around the world at any given time. And we can sit here and we can be completely overwhelmed by that. We can be overstimulated by it. And it can cause us to where we don't know what to do because I can't care for everyone. I can't pray for everyone. I can't help everyone. And neither can you. But yet you sit there and if you took down and put a prayer list together of everything you knew that was wrong in the world right now, you'd never get off your knees. What do we need? We need a guiding hand to show us what matters to us. What God wants us to do with it. As a pastor, I can't pray for every member of every other church. I've got a flock he's given me. This is where my prayer time goes. This is where my energy goes. This is where my support goes is this body cuz this is where he's placed me. Back in Paul's day, you didn't find out somebody was sick until it was too late. Or unless the spirit came and told you to pray. And I've had that happen today. I remember I was going through a particular situation many years ago and my sister Lana, she called me up and she said, "What's going on? What's wrong? Is something happening?" And I said, "Yes, but I can't tell you about it." She said, "God woke me up last night and told me to pray for you. He works. He speaks. He moves. But we've got to be able to catch it. But we can get so absorbed in everything that's going on and he's wanting to focus on this brother, this sister, she needs your help. This brother could use it. He could really use it. Go over and spend some time with him. Whatever it might be. And he's moving to keep us where we can do something without being completely overwhelmed. Biscuit was overwhelmed by his hearing. But once I got him to settle down a bit and he could have some comfort, he started to get more focused. And then when I turned it off, he just went and he laid down. He was perfectly at rest. He didn't try to find the dog. Didn't jump on my my desk to see where it went. Oh, it's done. It's over. And he went and he laid down for a little bit. We ought to be able to rest that same way. When we come into his presence, he settles us down. He founds us on his word and we can go rest knowing that he's in control. We need that assurance today. We can't have a word that's just here. We can't have a word that mommy has and daddy has. We need a word that works for me. I need a word that works for me. I need to know that this word works. And that's the only way I'm going to trust it is that I see it work. But there's got to be that one time where I give it a chance. And that's the start to most people's Christian walk is when they give the word a chance. When they what they give themselves over to Jesus Christ and by faith they say, "I'm going to step out on that word." And then when he comes in and he changes their life, then they know the word works. And then from then on, they can walk in faith. And he'll take them one step and a little step and a little step. And pretty soon at the end of it all, they're in glory. Just a walk of faith. But they had an assurance of something real from the beginning. Religion won't keep us. Knowing your the message is right won't keep us. It takes an inddwelling abiding presence of God to make that word live. That's what's going to keep us. We're going to close with two quotes to see this morning. Otherwise, what happens? We come into a new challenge, a new person, new situation, new sickness, new job, new fight. And what do we do? We fall apart because we haven't had a reality of a word that works. But if we've been through the battle once and the word worked, then we'll take it the second time and the third time and the fourth time and we'll trust it. We'll trust it rather than trust ourselves and trust that thing that we always have that wants to jump in. God's trying to guide us into his perfect will, trying to take us through these things. He said God can only use what we give to him. He says, 'Now, there's a lot of you who say, 'I'll give 15 minutes on Sunday morning. If you preach any longer than that, I'll just get up and go home. There's a brother I know if the pastor preaches over 45 minutes, he gets up and walks out in this message cuz he's got a quote. Didn't read the whole quote, though, because brother said we could stay here all night, but what? He's got a freedom in himself to walk away. That's not the Holy Ghost, church. That's not the Holy Ghost. He says, "I'll give him 15 minutes, 45 minutes. I'll give him one service a week." What is it? He says, "Well, then you got 15 minutes on Sunday morning." He says, "You gave God 15 minutes. He'll use those 15 minutes." He said, "Hm." He says, "That's what you give to God. Some of them say, I can maybe suffer a half hour. I don't know how I can do it. Not in this church." He says, "Well, see, that's what you get. 15 minutes, a half hour. See, our habits and our decisions limit God. You want more of God, give more to God. It's that simple. It's that simple. You want more of God, you got to give away something else. Listen, Satan will fill our days. He'll fill our days as much as we want it to be full. One thing that I've had to do in in in stepping into pastorship is I've had to whittle down what matters in my life because I don't have time for a whole lot. And so my life is very this is where the the discipline and the structure comes in because I've got to be able to spend time with my family, go for a walk with my wife, play hockey with my boys, talk to Jonathan about computers, give Selena a hug occasionally, but I've still got to study and study and study. That can't fall by the wayside either, but neither can my family. So what that means is I can't have the frivvality that maybe I could afford before. I can't have all the hobbies I used to have before. Why? Because I've got to give everything to I've got to give everything now. There's no holding back. He says, "You give it all, you get it all. You give a little bit, you get a little bit." He says, "What can you give?" He says, "God will receive what you'll give, but God wants all of you." He wants every bit of you. He wants all. He wants everything you are. He wants your life. He wants your testimony. He wants every minute you live. He wants you to live right, act right, talk right, do right. He wants everything perfectly surrendered to him that he can lead you and guide you and put you into places where he wants you to go led by the spirit. Amen. God bless you. Let's stand if we would. It's not easy to be led by the spirit. It's not easy to catch that voice. It's not easy to catch that leading. You know what's hard so many times is the waiting. If you really want to be led, you'll wait until you have leadership. And everything about this world is so immediate. It's trying to press us. It's trying to push us to make decisions, to take a step, to do this, to do that. But the spirit of God is not in a it's not in a hurry. But when he says go, then you got to go. That's the thing. You have to go from sitting still to moving real quick. when you catch what he wants you to do. But that's a thing of prayer. It's a time of feeding on the things of God. So you know that when he speaks it's him. How are you going to know it's the spirit of God leading you? Church can't be I feel to that never works if you can place that leadership into the word of God. That's how you know. Which means that your waiting time should be spent in the word of God. We can sit here and we can go down on our knees and say, "Lord, what do you want me to do?" The best way to find out what God wants you to do is go into the word and let him quicken it to you. That's the simplest way. He's given you his thoughts. He's given you his plan. He's given you his way. He's given you his direction. And we can sit there and say, "Lord, show me what you want to do." And he says, "But you won't even look at what I've given you. Go this way. Prayerfully open your Bible." He says, "The Holy Spirit will open it up to you and he'll show you what you need to do." Hey, sometimes it's not in there perfectly and we might need to have something a little more direct, but let's start there. That's something we can do. We can all read. We can all listen to the word of God. Then based on that, see what he does rather than I feel or I need. Need is Satan's tool so many times. Cuz we need we don't need. We don't need that way. We don't need to make decisions when everybody tells us to. We don't have to do things when people tell us we need to. We need to be led and we need to be able to wait and trust in the meantime. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, we're thankful you've given us a guide. Lord, we're thankful we have a source of leadership, of direction, Lord, a place, a person we can go to. Lord, I pray you help us not just to go when we need, Lord, but to go all the time, Lord. Lord, that as we walk, as we talk, as we make decisions, Lord, that in all of it, you would be present, Lord, that we know that you are with us, Lord. For that's what gives us faith is when we know it's your will. No matter what comes up, we can trust that you'll take us through. Lord, I pray you quicken our faith, Lord, by the word, Lord, that as we dig into it, as we read it, Lord, as your prophet said, not like a newspaper, not like a novel, Lord, but we'd read it as understanding that it's your thoughts and it's your will and it's meant for us to walk in it, heavenly father. Lord, we need your leadership now more than ever, Lord. There's so many things coming at us, Lord. We need you to settle us down, Lord, and help us focus on the things of God that matter to us, Lord. Give us a grace, Lord, to make the right decisions, Lord, to hold when you want us to hold, to move when you want us to move, Lord, and to know the difference between the two. Lord, grant us grace, Lord. Bless your people, Lord. You see the many needs that are here. Lord, we pray that you'd move in each one. Lord, you see those things that we've held on our heart for so long. Lord, it's there's things it seems like we prayed about for years at times and nothing's happened, but Lord, we're trusting that the answer's on the way. Lord, give us faith to wait, to trust, Lord, to see that you're moving. Lord, even when we can't feel it, even when nothing seems to be changing, Lord, we know that the answer's on the way. Grant us grace, Lord, we pray. In Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. Consume me, Lord. 595. [Music] Consume me Lord with the fire of your spirit. Consume me more and make me more like you. and praise thee, Lord. And bless the broken pieces of my life. Let me be used, oh Lord, by you. Come to me Lord with the fire of your me and make me what I you and praise me, Lord, and bless the broken pieces of my life. Let me be used, oh Lord, by you. Pleasing. Pleasing. 524, I think. Please, let me be pleased. easy to use everything that I do be pleasing to you. Oh pray that everything I pursue beyond to you pleasing [Music] Let me be pleasing to you. Let everything that I do be pleasing to you. So praying that everything I pursue beyond [Applause] [Music] Let me be pleasing to you. Let everything that I do be pleasing to you. for praying that everything I pursue. [Music] Draw me, draw me, Lord. 12:15 [Music] You alone are all my for you hold my You alone are all I need. In you alone I am complete. Draw me. Draw me. I running after you. Draw me, draw me, Lord, and I will come running after you. You alone are all I need. For you're all my destiny. Amen. You alone are all my needs. Amen. Praise the Lord. I am complete. Amen. Draw me. Draw me, Lord. And I'll come running after you. Hallelujah. Draw me. Draw me Lord. I'll come running after you alone. Hallelujah. You alone are all I need. Yes. Amen. For you are my destiny. Amen. You alone are all my you alone. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Draw me Lord and I'll go running after you. Yes, Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Draw me. Draw me, Lord. And I'll come running after you. The more that I surrender, the lighter my load. 756 I [Music] think. The more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. The more that I release my cares, the more he takes control. Amen. The more I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up. Amen. Every day I live. Lord, I love you all. The more that I surrender, the lighter by the Lord. The more that I release my car, the more he takes control. The more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up. Every day I live, Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. Sing it again. The more that I surrender, the lighter. Yes. Amen. I praise the Lord. The more that I release from my cares, the more he takes control. Hallelujah. The humble, the more he lifts me up. Every day I live. Lord, I love you, Lord. I want God's way to be my way. As I journey here, you know, there is no other higher way that a child of God should go. Amen. If he leads me, it's enough. I want God's way to be my way every day. Hallelujah. And I walk God's way to be my way as I jour. Amen. For there is no other highway that a child of God should know. Though the road is steep and rough, if he leads me, it's enough. I want God's way to be my way every day. Sing it again. And I walk God's way to be my way. As I journey, hear me below. For there is no other highway where a child of God should go. Though the road be steep and rock, if he leads me, it's enough. I want God's way to be my way. Every day I give my mind completely to you, Lord. Fill me with your thoughts. Make it all brand new. Change my life. Let me live in all that's true. I just want to be like you. Change me and mold me. Teach me to be still. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Lead me and guide me. Show me your perfect life. Hallelujah. Oh, praise the Lord. Fill me with your thoughts. Make it all brand new and change my life. Amen. Let me live in all that's true. I just want to be like you. Change me and mold me. Teach me to be still. Amen. Lead me. Amen. And guide me. Show me your perfect way in my mind. Completely to you, Lord. Fill me with your thoughts. Amen. Make it all brand new. Change my life. Amen. Let me live in all that's true. I just want to be like you. Amen. Praise the Lord. Don't you want to be like him? Willing to let him have his way and change us from the inside out. It says surrender. Before we go, let's sing. Lead me Lord. I will follow. And I'm going to ask brother Garfield if you come and close in prayer. And remember to pray for brother John of course that God God will continue to speak to his heart and in so doing speak to our hearts as well through the ministry. May God just bless him and give him strength and uh you remember the requests from this earlier mentioned pray for pray for each one. I'm sure brother Gerald Sister Betty are not here. I'm sure they still they're still in central I guess they are they Yeah. Okay. Well, pray for them and they'll be traveling back at some point. So, just continue to keep them before the Lord and um and the other needs that were mentioned as well. So, pray pray one for another as we go. Remember the uh services uh next weekend and the play and all that. And of course, no service on Wednesday. All right, let's just sing this and brother uh Garfield will close in prayer. I don't know. Remember that. Lead me Lord, I will follow. Lead me Lord, I will follow. Lead me Lord, I will go. You have called me. I will enter. Lead me Lord. I will go. Lead me Lord. I will follow. Lead me Lord. I will go. Amen. Praise the Lord. You have called me and I will answer. Lead me Lord. I will go. Oh, lead me Lord. I will follow. Secret Lord I will glor. You have glory. Hallelujah. I will answer. Lead me Lord. I Amen. Once more. and lead me Lord I will follow. Leave me Lord I will go. You have called me and I will answer me Lord. I will [Music] go. Hallelujah. Praise the name of the Lord. Thank you, Lord. Lord, we thank you this evening for being the wonderful God that you are. Lord, we worship you, Lord God, and we praise you. Not because we are good, Lord. Not because we can present any righteousness Lord God that justifies our cause but Lord God but when we think of your love your goodness that you have shown it humbles our heart Lord God to see you God who so great Lord that you humbled yourself Lord God in the humble fashion of our humanity Lord to die in ourstead and to reconcile us back to you Lord. And Lord, in this reconciliation, Lord, you're calling for hearts to be surrendered, lives, Lord God, to be subjected by your Holy Spirit. And Lord, you told us by the scripture, it's not by might, nor is it by power, but it's by your spirit, Lord. And so God, you see the journey, oh God, to perfection where, Lord God, you're calling upon us, Lord God, to be subjected. Lord, we cannot take the journey by ourselves. There's nothing we can do, Lord. It's an impossible task to overcome, oh God, our self, our thinking, our walking, Lord God, our attitude, and all these things. There's so many defects in our lives, oh God, that will disqualify us being children of God. But Lord, the scripture Lord God reminds us the sons of God are led by your spirit. And so God, we come to you, represent our minds, represent our bodies, represent our desire, we lay them all on the altar of sacrifice. And Lord, we ask, oh God, that your Holy Spirit, Lord God, will consume me, Lord, by the fire of your Holy Spirit. Lord that we are this evening Lord God will be made subjected Lord God for the promise to your seed this evening oh God that we will produce you in this end time Lord in a dark time where the shadows are failing Lord God Lord we see the nations are breaking and Israel awaken Lord God Lord and we see and heard oh God of disturbances everywhere Lord God it's such a trialsome time oh God but Lord the scripture declares Lord God that We shall live by oh God the living bread Lord God. Uh Lord we will live by your spirit. We live and walk and and testify and breathe. Uh and so this evening Lord God Lord God we ask one more time uh oh God for another in filling of your holy spirit. Uh let it not be our voice we hear. Let it not be our responses Lord God but let it be by your spirit. Uh take us oh God under your control Lord God. Father Lord, we are living a life here that desire more of this world. But Lord God, but Lord, we change the desire by the Holy Spirit this evening. And Lord, we are calling for heavenly things this evening. Lord God, may your Holy Spirit take absolute control, Lord God. May we see you in action one more time. May we feel the presence, oh God, of your Holy Spirit. May we hear that voice whispering to our hearts. May we know, oh God, with reassurances that you're there, Lord God, that you never leave us nor you forsake us, Lord God. When we we're going to the waters, be there, Lord God, when we're going through the fire, be there, Lord. Be, oh God, the strength, be the guide. Hallelujah, Lord God. And help us, Lord. Lord, we believe that you're more than able, oh God, to keep that which we have committed unto you. And so, God, we ask that your Holy Spirit would take us under your charge. Oh God, we're looking for your presence. Oh God, not just Lord God from around us, from but from within us, Lord. May we see you, Lord. Oh God, may we feel, may we know that you're there, oh God, that Lord God, when when we feel so overwhelmed with this life, when we feel that nothing is going right, uh may the Holy Spirit draw near, Lord God, with lingering words, uh whispering thoughts of encouragement. Uh oh God, may you uplift our spirit. Uh, oh God, may you give us a testimony, oh God. Words, oh God, of testimony, oh God, that will bring your presence so real. Uh, oh God. Hallelujah. Lord, we're looking for the reality of the presence of God. Uh, Lord God, that when we read it, we know for sure that this is God's word. This is God's promises. Uh, oh God. And they're not on the scriptures, on the pages, oh God, but there may living realities uh oh God, the voice of God in our hearts rumbling uh calling forth for the supernatural things. Uh oh God, bless your people, bless your bribe. And may your holy spirit this evening uh take absolute control uh Lord God. We believe that we are called to overcome this age uh Lord God. And we cannot do it by ourself. Uh and so God, may your holy spirit this evening help us, oh God, to overcome. Uh Lord God, the scripture designate this bride as an overcomer. We know we will overcome. Uh and oh God, and we know that your holy spirit is here to help us to overcome. And so bless us Lord. Bless your people. Remember Lord the needs of the presented before you this evening. Oh great I am. Oh ever present God. You are the omniscient God. You are the of the potent God. Uh you are the of the present God. Uh you are the mighty creator. Lord God, there's nothing that is be Oh, hallelujah. Beyond your reach this evening, oh God, where it seem impossible, oh God. Lord God, you declare by your Holy Spirit this evening. Uh oh God, you're more than able to get it done this evening and we are trusting in your hands. Uh bless us, Lord, we pray. Bless your man's servant. uh oh God as he had delivered his soul to your people. Oh God may the words oh God that were heard uh oh God bring such resonance of faith uh oh God that the people of God will step forth uh oh God with faith believing uh oh God that they are being led by the spirit of God. Uh bless your people this evening Lord uh as we humble our hearts in your presence uh and we look for the manifestation of your word. Uh and we say thank you Lord. Uh we say thank you Lord. Uh we say thank you Lord. Lord God. Hallelujah. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. And we say amen and amen. Praise God. Amen. [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Happy. God might be thor. for me. I will I You all might I will Happy. [Music] [Music] God. Hallelujah. Let me Oh, hey. [Music]
