################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-01 - 20250430 - The Token Life - Pt. 52 - No Room for Fear Pt. 3 - Bro. Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-01
Title:    20250430 - The Token Life - Pt. 52 - No Room for Fear Pt. 3 - Bro. Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 24m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68mCE9L0Ay4
========================================

Description:
Scriptures & Quotes:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1zuvYDUtgia8CBQ3yn8WqxlUp-kRgLlFh/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] me not gentle savior. My heart is thoring. [Music] Savior, Savior, here my humble [Laughter] cry. While on others thou are calling, do not pass me by. Let me at a throne of mercy. Find a sweeting bare contior. Savior my humble [Laughter] cry while on others thou art calling to thy pass by. Trusting only in thy merit. Would I see thy face? Heal my wounded broken spirit. Spirit save me by thy grace. Oh savior, savior here my humble [Laughter] cry while on others thou are calling. You not pass me back. Thou the spring of all my comfort. More than life to me. Who have I on earth beside thee? in heaven but demon. Saveior, Savior, hear my humble [Laughter] [Music] cry. While on others thou art called all do not pass me. Let me be at a throne of mercy. Find a sweet relief. [Music] Heing there in deep shine him by my grace. Savior, Savior, here my humble cry. [Music] others. Thou art [Music] only. Let's sing that touch your people once again. Touch your people on again with your precious holy hand we pray. Let your kingdom shine upon this earth through a living glorious church. Not for temporary but to restore authority and power. Let a mighty rush you win. Touch your people on again. Turn the Lord. Lord touch your people once again with your precious holy hand we pray. Let your kingdom shine upon this earth and I grant it Lord through a living. Yes, church. Not for temporaryity, but to restore authority. Let the mighty rushing wind blow me. Touch your people once again. One more time. Touch your people once again. We need it, Lord. With your precious holy hands, we pray. Let your kingdom shine upon Grant it Lord. Oh not for temporaryity but to restore authority and power. Let a mighty rushing wind. Amen. Amen. Welcome everyone here this evening. Some prayer requests here. Continuing to remember Sister Laura Snow. Uh we didn't see an update today, but uh last we heard I didn't send it out, but she was holding her own and and there wasn't really any big update, but just she really still needs our prayer for the clot risk that she's at and different things. Um Sister Betty, Brother Jer, not here tonight. Sister Betty has a a CAT scan. Uh Brother David, that's correct. CAT scan um tomorrow. Just keep her in prayer for that. Uh, also, Brother Gourd Snow, he's currently in the health science. He had a heart attack yesterday. He got airlifted in today, five blockages, and going in for open heart surgery by Friday. So, he he really needs uh for sure. So, and for his his wife and his family. Uh, Brother Abby, I understand his foot is better. So, we thank the Lord for that. Uh, my father-in-law, uh, Brother Merl Bagot, he's uh, doing better as well. continue to pray for brother Kochi, uh, brother John and his eye, uh, sister Cordella, the needs that that that she mentioned, uh, brother Nelson Guy as well. Any other needs, just hold it on your heart as we pray. Ask, but Chad, if you could come and open in prayer as we sing that song again. [Music] Touch your people once again with your precious holy hand we pray. Let your kingdom shine upon this earth man through a living glory. Yes, church. Not for [Music] temporary but to restore authority. And now let a mighty rushing wind. [Music] Oh, touch your people [Music] again. Lord, heavenly father, we ask that you touch your people once again, Lord. every struggle, every trial, every battle, every battle of unbelief, anything that will hinder your glorious church, Lord, we lay it before your feet this evening, [Music] Lord. Lord, Brother Gourd, he needs your touch tonight, Lord. It's getting up there in age, Lord. And we just pray that you touch him, touch his family, Lord. Lord, we pray for brother John, our pastor, Lord, and his eye. How that torments him, Lord, and I would imagine that it does. Just ask that your hand touches him, Father. Lord, you put it pretty simple. You said just ask. So today, Lord, we gather together as believers asking in the name of the mighty name of Jesus Christ to touch Brother John's eye. Lord, heal it miraculously so we can have a testimony. Lord, I want to thank you, Father God, for touching Brother Merl, Lord. Pray that you continue to bless him and keep him safe, Lord, and heal his body. Um, Sister Cordella, Lord, and anyone uh I may have missed, Father, you know all, Lord. Father, we want to take the time, Lord, to invite you and just thank you for all that you've done and continue to do in our lives in Jesus Christ's name. [Music] Amen. Let's sing number 129. [Music] When he walks among us, all that he does, all of his mercy, all of his love is the pen of the right every day. Even this world could never contain just how I've been blessed. I have been blessed. God so good to me. Precious are his songs of you and me. No, we could count them. There's not enough time. So, I just thank him for being so kind. God has been good in my life. So good. I have been blessed. Thank you, Lord. He's my shoulder to lean on when I am down. The rock where he leads me when I'm overwhelmed. The place where he hides me under his wings. Thank you, Lord. Not just the song, he's the reason I sing. Oh, I have been blessed. Glory. I have been blessed. God so good to me. Precious are here songs of you and me. No way could I count them. There's not enough time. Oh, I just thank him for being so kind. God has been good. So good. I have been glory. My hope for tomorrow. Grace for today. Joy for my sorrow with measure of pain. My tears of repentance for rivers of peace. My sins they are in glory. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. I have been blessed. Oh, I have been blessed. God so good to me. Precious are his thoughts of you and me. No, we could count them. There's not enough time. Oh, I just thank him for being so kind. God has been here my soul. Oh, I have blessed my word of the hour. my daily prayer. He's always unfolding. I'm continually fed my light and salvation. Glory shall I fear the strength of my life. When my eneies draw near. Oh, I have been blessed. I have been blessed. God so good to me. Precious is the you and me. No way could I count them. missed out in my time. Oh, I just thank him for being so kind. God has been great. So good to my blessed. Thank you, Lord. He's my shoulder to lean on. When I am down, the rock where he leads me. When I'm overwhelmed. Thank you, Lord. He's where he hides me under his wings. He's not just a song. He's a reason I sing. Oh, I have him. I have been blessed. God so good to me. Precious are these thoughts of you and me. No way. Could I count them? There's not enough time. So I just thank him for being so kind. God has been good. So good. I [Music] have Let's sing 1210. Purify my heart. Let me be as gold and preious as silver purify my heart. Let me be as gold. Your gold refine. My heart's one desire is to be holy. Set aarton for you. Lord, I choose to be holy. set aart for you my master ready to do your will. Granted, Lord, purify my heart. cleans me from within and make me holy. Purify my heart. Cleanse me from my sin. Deep within [Music] rea desire is to be holy. set aart for you, Lord. I choose to be holy, set aart for you, my master, ready to do your will. [Music] Glorify my heart. Let me be as gold and preious silver purify my heart. Let me be as gold man. your gold finest. [Music] My heart's one desire is to [Music] be holy. Set aart for you. Lord, I choose to be holy. paid aart for you my master ready to do your will. Glorify my heart. Cleans me from [Music] within and make me holy. Purified my heart. Cleans me from my sin. Oh, deep within. Free fire. My heart's one desire is to [Music] be [Music] holy. Set aart for you. Lord, I choose to be [Music] holy, set upon for you, my master, ready to do your will. [Music] It's worth it [Music] all to be his child to serve him through man the last long man. It's worth it all to feel his power and that he keeps us every hour man. It's worth it all to be his child. To serve him true, the last long man. It's worth it all to feel his power and that he keeps mine of every sing. Oh, it's worth it all to be his child, to serve him through. A last long man. It's worth it all to feel his power and that he keeps me every hour. Let's sing that [Music] 1273. Beautiful Lord. What wonderful Savior I know for sure. All of my days are held in your hand. and craft in you. Your perfect plan into your presence. Guide me by your holy spirit. Teach me dear Lord. Give all my life to your eyes. I'm captured by your holy calling. Tear me aart. I know you're drawing me to yourself. Lead me, Lord, I pray and take me for me. You speak in me. I give my life to the father's [Music] hand. Call me, guide me, lead me, walk beside me. I give my life to the potter's [Music] hand. Beautiful Lord, wonderful Savior, I know for sure. Let's stand. All of my days are held in your hand, crafted into your perfect plan. [Music] Oh, you gently call me into your presence, guiding me by your Holy Spirit. Teach me, dear Lord, to live all my life through your eyes. Oh, I'm captured by your holy calling. Set me aart. I know you're drawing me to yourself. Lead me, Lord, I pray. [Music] Oh, take me, mold me, use me, fill me. I give my life to the potter's hand. Oh, call me, guide me, lead me, walk beside me. The potter's hand. Yes, Lord. Lord, surely that's our desire, our prayer, our confession, Lord, this evening is that we desire to be led by your spirit, Lord, to let it do the work, Lord. Let it change us. Let it lead us. Let it guide us. Let it mold us, Lord. Let it show us your perfect will and your way in our life, each one. Heavenly Father, Lord, what a perfect song to start the service off with this evening, the start the preaching of the word. Lord, we pray you'd just be with us now, Lord. continue, Lord, to speak, to minister to our lives, Lord. Open up our hearts, Lord. Show us things we haven't seen before, Lord. May you just do a changing work in us this evening. Heavenly Father, each one, Lord. Minister now we pray, Lord, remembering those that aren't here, Lord. Those that are sick in the hospital, Lord, praying a special grace to them, each one. In Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Turn to Romans 14 if you would. Amen. Beautiful day. Nice to have some sunshine and not much wind. Certainly enjoyed it. Thank the Lord for it. Good to see the Collins back again. Amen. Praise the Lord. Glad you got back safely. You left and we got snow. I don't know how that works, but we're glad that uh it's gone now and trusting that we won't have any more for the rest of the spring and summer season. Amen. Want to definitely remember brother Gourd Snow. Brother Matt came and told me about it just before I came to the pulpit here. We want to remember him and uh we'll we'll see about visiting. He's asked brother Matt to confirm with him before anyone goes to visit. So, please check in with Brother Matt and I'm sure the deacons will perhaps send a note out as we get some direction on that. But remember him and Sister Eileen as he goes in for open heart surgery on Friday, Lord willing. Amen. Romans chapter 14 and verse 17 says this, "For the kingdom of God is not meat and drink, but righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost. For he that in these things serveth Christ is acceptable to God and approved of men. Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats this evening. And we're going to continue this thought we've been preaching on on uh no room for fear. And I'm going to take a a third service on on this idea of of standards. And we talked last service about sacred cows and these things where we have personal standards and we preach or enforce or we we require certain things on on not just in our own lives, but we take it and we we try and get other people to do it. And oftentimes with the absolute best of intentions uh sometimes to keep somebody safe, keep them from what we think would be a bad decision or something like that. But we're never called in scripture to enforce those things if it's not a word standard. And that's why we call them sacred cows. They're not there because they're in the word. Amen. If it was a word, it would be a word standard. But we'll see as we go through this that it's okay to hold those beliefs. You have beliefs. That's wonderful. It's okay to hold them. And I'm not telling you not to hold them. I'm saying be careful how you push them on other people. Be careful how you you present them to other people. Amen. Because what's wrong with forcing is that you don't let the spirit do the work. That's what happens there. Amen. Is that what we're looking for is not a a a personal conviction. We're looking for a word answer. Because if you have a word answer, then the Holy Spirit will enforce a word answer because the Holy Spirit's there to bring us into all truth. It's to bring us into the word. It's to bring us to manifest the word of God. And that's a work of the spirit. It's not the work of laws and dos and don'ts and rules and regulations and personal standards as those may be. Amen. But the problem with a a word standard enforced by the spirit is that it's in God's timing, not in my timing. It's not in your timing. And so often that can be a frustration, especially if you see somebody doing something you think is going to cause them pain or suffering or or issues sometimes very quickly and you just want to get in there and say, "Don't do it." All the parents smiled at me just then cuz that's the way we treat our kids. But we have to at some point let them go and when it comes to others in the congregation that we can only go so far because we're God's children, not each other's children. And we can't always treat each other that way though we might like to. There's a time for blind obedience and that time is when you have children in your home. That's where you're teaching them blind obedience. Listen, when when my kids are one and two and three and four, when I say do it, they better do it because you're teaching them to keep them safe. You're teaching there to protect them. And so, they have to learn to obey very quickly because it could be a matter of life and death sometimes. But as they grow older, what do we start to do? We start to teach them why. We start to give them understanding now to go with their obedience so that they can come to a place where they start to do it by choice and understanding rather than just because mama or dada has a standard in the house and these different things. So therefore, as we raise our kids, we ought to have a word principle or a word standard for everything we do. Everything. We're Christians. We live by the word. Amen. We live by the word. We ought to have a word standard or principle for these things. But remember, I'm saying principle because the scripture doesn't talk about everything. You won't find Facebook in the Bible. You won't find Instagram in the Bible. You won't find motorcycles in the Bible. You won't find any of these things there. So, you've got to go to a word principle rather than a scripture that that that maybe deals with those things specifically because why do we usually take an absolute stance on things? It's because we see what's coming down the road so many times. And so, we say, "I see where that's probably going to go and so I'm not going to start it at the beginning." And that's a wise thing to do. But the thing is, it can often be a personal thing for us, not something that's universal to everybody else. If we look at something that's not producing the word, if it's not producing the fruit of the spirit, we ought to say, "I don't want anything to do with that." But that's a personal choice, and that's between us and God. Amen. When we look at why people do it, and if that's something that ought to be satisfied by our relationship in Christ, the question becomes, why would I ever do that in the first place? If we're looking for peace, guess what? Alcohol will never be the answer. Weed will never be the answer. Uh relationships outside of marriage won't be the answer. None of those things are going to do it. If it's got to be satisfied in Christ, you can't look outside of Christ the word to get it. And therefore, we've got to look at these different things. Amen. But see, so how so many times what happens is we're looking at the thing or we're looking at the habit or the event and we don't ask the question, which is why am I looking for this in the first place? See, so often we're focused on is this right or wrong? And that's not the question we should be answering. The question we should be asking ourselves is why am I asking and who is leading me to ask this or what is driving this sort of thing? You we can take something as simple as drinking alcohol. We we drink wine for communion. Therefore, wine in and of itself cannot be wrong because we drink it. You say we're drinking it in a religious observation of some sort. Doesn't matter. If it was wrong, it'd be wrong. But in context, it's right. But when you look at the origin of wine, the first time wine was created was by Noah. And if you look at the results of wine, you'd say you probably shouldn't have wine in your life. Go read it sometime. The results of Noah's uh producing wine for the first time was he got drunk and some really bad things happened and curses came out of it. Amen. Why do most people in North America drink? To loosen up, to relax, to lower inhibition. Church, I'm not preaching we should drink tonight. Brother Brown says, "If you've had a real experience for Christ, you will not drink alcohol." I believe that. But the thing is, why do people go to alcohol? They go for a release. They go to lower their inhibitions. They go to change themselves. Many times, why would you, as a believer, ever want to change yourself temporarily and uncontrollably? There's nothing there for the believer. So, why would you say wine is okay? What are you looking for out of that thing? That's the question we need to be asking. Amen. Listen, we look at the end result of that and we ought to say, "That's not for me." Because listen, there is no way. There is no half drunk. You're either in or you're out. You're either drunk or you're not drunk. And the line between that varies from every person. And you don't know when you've gone too far. And so, you are now out of your senses. You're out of your control. And that is never a state that a believer is supposed to be in. We're supposed to be aware. We're supposed to be vigilant. We're supposed to be in the battle day in and day out. And that means we've got to have our senses around us. The scripture says our body is a temple for the Holy Ghost. And that means we need to have it under submission at all times. And when we take something that takes away our ability to control that body, that's going to lead us down a path of pain. It's never going to be in the will of God to do that. Paul said, "Be vigilant." Satan's going around like a roaring lion seeking who he may devour. And I want to focus on that a little bit because I've spent two services telling you you don't have to abide by somebody else's personal convictions. But does that mean we don't have personal convictions? Does that mean we don't support them? Does that mean we don't have standards? Absolutely we do. Absolutely we do in these things. Amen. But I don't want to preach we don't have a standard at all. But we have to get a word standard. That's what we're looking for in all these things. I find we're really good at stopping the big things. But we ought to be good at stopping the big things. If if I was to come over to your house tomorrow with a six-ack of beer, I'm pretty sure I wouldn't get past the front door with that. We're good at stopping the big things. If I was to bring uh somebody over that's half-dressed and say, "This is my friend. We want to come in and talk to you." You'd say, "Brother John, one, that shouldn't be your you shouldn't be in your in in in that kind of condition with that kind of a person. Two, why don't we let him get some clothes on before we bring him in the house? We're going to hold a personal standard for our homes. Amen. So, we aren't throwing those things away, but it's the big things that we get, but but but to to to come down to where we want to catch where this thing really is and what it really does, that takes discernment. Remember, Brother Brand, brother Barry read that that quote from Spurgeon where he said, "Disern is not the ability to know right and wrong, but nearly right and right." And nearly right is where you need the discernment. And so often when it comes to personal standards, it's often the difference is that somebody has discernment to see where it can go. And the other one may not have that yet. Not always, but sometimes that's it. Okay? We have to be able to look down the road and see what's going to be the probable impact of these things because Satan is a master of deception. He's a master of seduction. Amen. He knows how to play on our flesh. He knows how to play on our ego. He knows how to play on our need to relax. those little guilty pleasures that we have. Listen, it can just be chocolate. Amen. A bag of chips and pop. I said that for Sister Morin because I never believed that that would be her guilty pleasure. Looking to her, you'd never say chips and pop. Clearly, it has no power over her. Amen. But we have these things that can be they can start out so little and then all of a sudden they balloon into your life and you're having all sorts of issues, all sorts of trouble. Your time's gone, your energy's gone, your family's failing, your relationships are struggling, and you're saying, "What happened?" And and I guarantee you, you can usually look and find one thing that came in small and it grew up into something really big. Amen. Think about it. You take a polar bear, a polar bear uh uh cub into your house. He's real cute and cuddly when he first comes out, isn't he? You let that polar girl grow up in your house, what's going to happen? See, he's cute and cuddly when he comes in. And that's the way Satan brings it in. Cute and cuddly. Have a dog sometime. That's why they're cute and cuddly is so that you don't kill them in the first week for all the messes they make in your house and the things that they chew up over their life and these different things. Satan brings it in nice and appealing to the senses, to the flesh. He makes it appear harmless and then next thing you know you got problems and you can't find the place where it came in. It came in cute and cuddly. It came in under the radar of our discernment. Brother Bram says it this way. He says, "Satan is very subtle." See, and he does it so easy. So subtle. Just a little teeny bit here and a little bit there and then you let it. He says he's got plenty of time. So he just runs a little bit in here and a little bit in here. And the first thing you know, the people are just gradually moved into it. See, he doesn't come in bold as brass. He comes in sly, slick, just a little bit at a time. Remember, I remember the first camp we had while I was here, and I think it was Brother Joe talked about finger holds and tow holds turning into strongholds. That's the way Satan does it. He says, "What would have happened of a woman back when I was a boy, 16 years old, if she'd have walked down the street like she does today in this stripped tease form? Why they'd have had her in jail?" He says, "If it was wrong then, it's wrong now." But you see, Satan just began to cut off the skirts and lower them down, and it'll come to pass that there's somebody will design one that's a little beyond the bikini to a fig leaf. He says, "You remember?" And it's practically there now, church. We are so far beyond this. You look at celebrities today, they are wearing body hugging, they're wearing nothing, and they're wearing see-through at the same time. It's way beyond this fig leaf. We die for a fig leaf in those things. It's amazing. It's nasty. It has gone beyond moral conscience. They are completely insane. Their conscience has been seared with a hot iron. That's celebrities. But you just walk down the street and every woman's got tight pants on. Those silly yoga pants. And the tops are getting tighter and smaller and and more and more revealing. What is it? It came in bit by bit. They would they would just go one step beyond what was acceptable. And then once people got used to that, they go another step and another step and another step. If Brother Brandham called that a strip tease in 1963, what would he say in 2025? It's sick. It's gone beyond it. It's gone into insanity. Amen. What am I trying to say? What's Paul trying to say? Try the spirits. Look further down the road than how it feels today about what you want today. That's how we get that's how we have a 70% obesity problem in North America is that we look at what we want now rather than what we want down the road and we make a decision that hurts us in a severe way. That's why we need a word standard because the word reveals the truth. It'll show you things to come. It'll show you what's beyond that single decision you're going to make if you'll take it to God and be prayerful about these things. Listen, there's some things you can do that I can keep in balance and there's some things you do I can't keep in balance in both ways. And we've got to be able to go to God and ask him to lead us and guide us into those things. He would say in first John, he says, "Beloved, do not put faith in every spirit, but try test the spirits to discover whether they proceed from God. For many false prophets have gone forth into the world. Try the spirits doesn't mean give it a shot and see how it goes. No, it means test it, check it out, prove it, let it prove itself before you take it on. Nobody's in a rush, church. Nobody's in a rush to try new things. We ought not to be as believers. If something's new, if something's different, if you've never done this before, there's no reason to rush into it now. If you've gotten along with it so far, you're okay to do it for another little while. Wait and see what it does for that person before you ever step into it. But there's more to this and we'll see this as we go through. Paul says there's false prophets have gone forth. Now Paul was dealing with false ministers, pretended brothers, men seeking influence, men looking for money. But you don't have to be a a a a minister to be a false prophet because we have people constantly around us that are preaching things. They're preaching lifestyles. They're preaching their liberty. Hey, we've all had it. Somebody comes up and says, "Hey, you want to do this?" And you say, "Man, I never do that. Oh man, I've got liberty. That doesn't bother me at all." And what do they do? They preach to you their liberty in Christ, trying to get you to do what they do. And your conscience says, "No way." Hopefully, you've got a word answer for it. But they're preaching, they're preaching to you something that they're convinced of, and so they come to you and try and get you to do it. Because the more people they can get to do it, the more they're convinced that it's okay. The hardest thing to do, church, is stand by yourself. And I'll tell you this, as a believer, you're going to have to stand on your own two feet with your own convictions and say, "This is where I'm at." And it's okay if nobody else agrees with me. Though none go with me, still I'll follow. Me and Jesus got our own thing going. We've got to have that courage to stand and do that. Amen. And if you give people like that enough time, it'll show where the true inspiration was between behind what they did. Talking with some brothers after the last couple of services, and that's what they say. People come in, they tell you certain things, tell you to do certain things, tell you to not do certain things. And after a while, they go back and those men had gone off into the world. They'd left the Lord, and they realized that the dos and don'ts that they were preaching had nothing to do with the word of God. And so, some of us went back and we brought things back in because there was nothing wrong with it. We were just in obedience because those people we thought knew more than we did. But the end result was that those people fell off. So clearly, it wasn't that that was holding them. Nothing was holding them. That's for sure. I preach that we have to have a word standard, but that means we have to have a full word standard. And so often we'll find is what we're doing is we're going in to try and find permission. We're trying to find something that says yes, you can do it. And I'll tell you this, we're really good at reading our Bibles and reading the message to find things we want. But the spirit of truth will take you into all the truth. Brother Brand said, "The Holy Spirit will tell the truth on you." So, he'll take you to the full truth if you're willing to keep looking. If you're willing to wait, if you're willing to take your time on these things. Amen. Can I ask it? Let me look at it this way. The question we don't need to ask is, is this right or wrong? The question we need to ask is, who is leading me into this? Why am I going in this direction in the first place? Because the question is, are we seeking permission or are we seeking direction? Scripture says that sons of God are led. That means we are seeking direction, church, not just permission. Because you go looking for yeses and nos in terms of things, you'll find anything you want. You'll find anything you want. But if you go and say, "Lord, what is your will? What is your direction? What would you have me do?" That's a completely different prayer than right than than dos and don'ts and right and wrong. because we can go into there and we'll we can say I have a right to do this. Remember what Balam did. Balam after he got direction went and sought permission. And we saw how that turned out. And in his permission, he went against his direction cuz God said, "If they're still here in the morning, you can go with them." And when he got up in the morning, they weren't there. And he still chased after them. Why? Because there was an issue in his heart that was seeking permission rather than leadership. There was a problem on the inside. Look at what Paul said. because he talked about the ways of life that we deal with in Corinthians. And you look at the Corinthians, Corinthians were a rugged bunch. The Corinthians were those kinds of people that they couldn't show you pictures of their life before they came to the Lord because it would shock you. They were the worst of the worst. The Corinthians were raw seed, as brother Mark likes to say. They were rough. Listen, they were thieves. They were drunkards. They were revilers. They were extortioners. They were fornicators. They were homosexuals. These were rough people. What cleaned them up, church? Church standards, dos and don'ts. Listen to what Paul said. He says, "And such were some of you. But you are washed." What washes us, church? The word. You are sanctified. What sanctifies us? The word and the blood. He says, "And you are justified in the name of the Lord and by the spirit of our God." What is it that got them from being fornicators, homosexuals, extortionists, drunkards? It wasn't a church standard. It was a supernatural birth by the Holy Spirit. That's what got them into sons and daughters of God. And even with all their problems, church, they were sons and daughters of God. He says, now Paul says this, okay, now Paul's talking about life in general. Here, all things are lawful unto me, but all things are not expedient. All things are lawful for me, but I will not be brought under the power of anything of any. Paul's talking about all aspects of life. Now, those things that are not forbidden of scripture, he says, if it's not forbidden in scripture, anything's lawful. anything goes. But then he says, "But not all things are." It says down there, "Not everything is helpful. Everything's lawful." He says, "But I won't be controlled by anything." So Paul's saying these, he's speaking about areas where the scripture is silent or where the scripture is gray. And there are places where scripture is silent and there are places where scripture is gray, church. We have to accept that. And so he's talking now about areas of personal conviction. And so this is relating to now a personal relationship with Christ to determine what you're going to do with your life. He says what know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you which ye have of God and ye are not your own. So that means I'm not here to look around and what am I allowed to do and what am I not allowed to do. He says for you are bought with a price. Therefore glorify God in your body and in your spirit which are gods. Amen. You are his and therefore your purpose now is not to say what can I do and what can I not do but the purpose of our life is to glorify God. So I find this church and we'll get into this maybe a little more as we get deeper into this service. When your focus is to glorify God, you have a lot less time for dos and don'ts and what am I allowed to do with my life? Because your purpose is now focused on one thing and that's to glorify God. And so we come back now into why do we have a standard or why are we seeking liberty and the question becomes what is the influence? Who is it that is behind this change that I'm trying to bring into my life? Either to take something out or to add something in. What spirit is driving this? And where is it taking me? Is it taking me to glorify God? Or is it taking me someplace else? Like I said before, I have a really hard time believing that the spirit's giving you liberty to shorten your skirt, sisters, because it's taking you away from modesty. Why would he ever do that? I don't believe that's the spirit that does it. Tighter clothes. I'm sorry. I don't believe that's the liberty of the spirit. Because it's taking you away from what he wants you to be. But people say, "Well, I don't have a standard." Yes, but what is the spirit doing to change you? because you'll walk closer to God as the spirit leads you, not closer to the standard of the world every single time. Paul says, "Seek to glorify God with your life." And that puts a completely different angle now on standards, on dos and don'ts, about what we can and what we can't do. Because now our motive and our objective start to play in. It's not just about right and wrong. I'm going to make this as complicated as I can tonight. You are now we start adding motive and objective. And I'll tell you this, it matters. Motive and objective matters a whole lot. Listen, if something's right, that's good. If something's wrong, it's wrong. No matter what motive or objective, church, if it's wrong, it's wrong. If it's wrong, it's wrong. Nothing you can say about the reason you're doing it is going to change the fact it's wrong. But if it's right, now motive and and objective come in behind it. Because you can take a right thing and make it wrong with motive, with objective or the play, the priority you give it in your own life. It can be right in its purpose and in its place, but if you elevate it above where it's supposed to be, you'll make it wrong. Can I give you an example so you can understand what I'm talking about? The scripture says that a man is required to work to provide for his family. It is a requirement for men to work. Paul said if a man doesn't provide for his family, he's worse than an infidel. And in the that the old church, in the Old Testament church, those that refused to work were not allowed to benefit from the church itself in terms of financial support or help. You had to take care of your family. And from Genesis, God has declared the man is to support his family. So that is a word requirement. Is it right for a man to work? By the word, it is a word requirement. It is not only a right, it is a requirement. But what happens now if a man starts to work so much that he starts to miss church? Because he's got a word requirement to provide for his family, but he's also got a word requirement to come and be a part of the body of believers to hear the preaching of the word and to assemble hims together with the local body. Because what happens is what? We take something that is a requirement and we elevate it too far. Paul said, "I've never seen the righteous forsaken nor seed begging bread." That's what he said. But what do we say? We say, "God understands." Church, God doesn't understand. God says, "No, I don't understand because I've given you a promise that if you'll seek first the kingdom of God, I'll add all these things. I know you need to eat. I know you need a house. I know you need a car. I know you need all these things, but seek me first. Do what I require first, and I'll take care of you in every other way." God says, "I don't understand, oh ye of little faith. I put a promise in front of you and you're sitting there saying, "God understands my needs." No, God doesn't. God understands his word. And he put a word there to take care of this situation. I told that story about that brother that brother Cadrey Diggs talked about. They said they were going to fire him if he didn't work night shifts on on days when they had church. He said, "All right, fire me." And by the end, they were paying him to go to church. Why? because he stood for the principle of the word and put his work where it belonged according to the word. Paul never said, "Forsake not the working of yourselves and all the more as you see the day approaching." He said, "Forsake not the assembling of yourselves." And so we got people, and I find we're like this in different areas of our life, is that we just say, "God will be okay with it. And what we do is we miss the opportunity for a supernatural event in our life because we're too busy doing it our way and putting it in word priority as opposed to physical priority. Cuz you say, "I can survive if I don't go to church. I can't survive if I don't have money in the bank." Really? What does it profit a man if he gains the whole world and loses his soul? How are you going to be an overcomer in this world if you're not going to church? You can't do it. God has put a five-fold ministry specifically to get you ready for the rapture. And then we say, "God will understand." No, God won't understand because he's provided what you need to get in the rapture. And you say, "No, work is a higher priority. Can't do it. Can't do it. God does not understand it. God does not wink at it. Church, we've got to keep things in their priority sequence." That's the way the word calls it. What did Brother Bram say? He says God first, family second, self third every single time. And we tend to find that self and family get elevated above God way too many times. We're more than willing to short change God and expect him to understand. God's not winking, church. God is not winking at these things. When's the last time we limited the world for the sake of God? In the big things. In the big things. Now, oh, we'll do little things, but in the big things, when's the last time we put our foot on the brake and said, "You know what? Enough's enough. God has the priority." That's what he's looking for. That's what a believer does is God first in every single thing. Amen. Paul said this. He says, "Brethren, you've been called into liberty. Only use not liberty for an occasion to the flesh, but by love serve one another." I found one thing. We don't need as much as we think we need. We live a fabulous lifestyle in North America. I've traveled all over the world. I've been to South America. I've been in the Bios of Mexico. I've been down in South America into into uh um Argentina. Thank you. Chile. You talk about poor. I've been in in Mexico and these places where they just have houses that are just tin walls, a tin roof. That's it. they survive. There are believers in Africa that have tiny little homes like that. Church, what we need is a whole lot more of God. We don't need a $1,500 phone and a $2,000 computer and a 3,000 foot house and two $50,000 vehicles. We don't need it. We think we do, but we don't. You get down to the brass tax and if you've ever had hardships in your life, you'll find that your life just narrows down to what's really critical. And you'll find it's food, shelter, and health in the physical. Food, shelter, and health. You need clothing obviously. I'll tell you what, you take away the word of God and fellowship and you're going to die real quick cuz that's the comfort of a believer. I don't mean physically die. I'm saying you will start to crumble. Your life will start to crumble. These different things, we've got to keep these things in priority sequence. That's why Paul said, "All things are lawful, but I won't be bought under the power of any." How are you brought under the power? You say, "Well, I'm not giving everything to it, but if you put it in a higher priority than it's supposed to be, it has power over you." And the only thing you can do with that is you can kick it out or you can put it down in its priority. And if God has been displaced out of priority in your life, there's a problem. There's a problem every single time. We've got to be able to push those things back. But I want to go into Romans 14 tonight. And this is a scripture that is often used and abused, if we could put it that way, for people about having differences of standards and personal convictions and these things. And I wanted to go through this and I put it all in the amplified version tonight. We're going to do the whole thing um just so that it gives us a bit more of a of a context for how this goes and fleshes it out a bit. Paul says, "As for the man who is a weak believer," now the word there weak means a novice, somebody that is new to the faith, new to this particular belief that we have. He says, "Welcome him into your fellowship, but not to criticize his opinions or pass judgment on his scruples or perplex him with discussions. Don't overwhelm him. Don't try and put a bunch of things on him. Don't try and clean him up. Don't try and set him free. Just accept him in." Okay. He says, "One man's faith permits him to believe he may eat anything, while a weaker one limits his eating to vegetables." This is why I don't eat vegetables. It's for weak men, weak believers. But I want you to catch something here because people have abused this scripture far too long. Paul is not talking about daytoday life. He's talking about food. And we'll see this as he goes. He emphasizes over and over again. He's talking about people that took the law of Moses. Now, the law of Moses did not require vegetables only. God's a god of balance. But some people in their zeal went to vegetables only. You'll find this with the 7th day Adventist. Some of them eat some meat. Most of them don't. They've gone zealous with it. And so he's talking now about Jews that had converted to the gospel of Jesus Christ, but they're carrying all these habits like brother Vichel did out of his East Indian culture. He's carried them in and now he's saying, "Listen, you guys are all in liberty. You're enjoying the bacon." This guy, he can't stand that. And he's saying, "You've got to be careful with something like this." And he's talking about food. Okay. Now you think for me somebody comes in and says I can only eat vegetables. I'd say you're under a yoke of bondage in my heart. I would never tell them that. But I'd say you're under a yoke of bondage. I would feel sorry for that person. I would have sympathy for that person. I would want to lay hands and pray for that person. Absolutely I would. What a miserable life I would say. But yet it is completely normal to them. Brother Vashel, it's completely normal for you to just eat vegetables and sauces. And he loves it. He loves it. completely normal. And I would say, "Oh, ye of little faith." But it's what? It's the way they're brought up. It's just the remnants of their old beliefs. Okay? He says, "Now let him let not him who eats look down or despise him who abstains." So if I'm eating bacon, I can't look down and say, "That guy's an idiot." He needs a revelation. He says, ' Don't you do that, John. He says, 'And that not him who abstains criticize and pass judgment on him who eats. Brother Vel can't look at me and say to look at that loser. Look at that unbeliever eating his bacon and enjoying it no less. He says, "For God has accepted and welcomed him." You see, church, we can be self-righteous on both sides of the issues. Okay, we're here preaching balance. I hope this is the last service I'm going to preach on this. Okay, you only have to sit through this service and we're done. Self-righteousness can exist on both sides of the tables. People that do, people that don't can both be self-righteous and criticize those on the other side. Okay? Paul says, "Nobody's supposed to do it." He says, "Who are you to pass judgment on and censure another man's household servant? It is before his own master that he stands or falls, and he shall stand and be upheld, for the master, the Lord, is mighty to support him and make him stand." He says, "God will take care of those people. God will take care of the ones in liberty and God will take care of the ones that seem to be in weakness. God will take him through. He's a child of God. He'll answer to God and God will work with him the way he is." Paul didn't say that guy needs a revelation. He says he's weak in the faith. He's new to what he believes and he's just making baby steps and we've got to let him make them that way. He says he's weaker because he's limited himself in an area that God never required. Okay? Now this he says one man esteems one day is better than another. Paul's talking about food and holy days. He's talking about religious remnants here church. He's not talking about personal standards. He's talking about religious remnants. I want to make that very clear. He says one man esteems one day better than another. Oh well we meet on Saturday. Well we we meet on Sunday. They always used to meet on Saturday. church Friday night and into Saturday. And then after a while, they finally started to meet on Sundays. Why? Cuz it was traditionally that they went to church on a Friday night. And so they just continued that. But eventually they switched to Sunday. And we say it's because it's in honor of the resurrection. But they just switched it. Maybe they could get church access better. Who knows? Who knows? So they switched it. He says, "Let everyone be fully convinced, satisfied in his own mind." So here we come to a principle now for our convictions in and of themselves. Be convinced in yourself rather than open to being convinced. Don't go around and say, "Brother Mark, what do you think? Brother Bob, what do you think? Brother Matt, what do you think? Brother John, what do you think?" No, you take it. I'm going to speak to the brothers. We run the house. We're the heads of households. Take it before God. Read your Bible. Pray and wait. If there is no rush, there is no rush. And let yourself be convinced by the word and the personal conviction of the Holy Spirit. Because otherwise, what's going to happen is inevitably, Brother Mark and I are going to have a slightly different opinion. And so, you're going to go hang out with Brother Mark, and with him, you'll hold his conviction. When you're with me, you'll hold my conviction. And pretty soon, it turns you into a two-faced believer. because you're convinced of other people rather than convinced in yourself and it'll erode trust of people around you. You don't want to do that. You need to be convinced of your own self and stand on your own two feet once you're convinced. He said, "He who observes the day observes it in honor of the Lord. He also who eats eats in honor of the Lord since he gives thanks to God while he who abstains abstains in honor of the Lord and give thanks to God." Look at what he's saying. And he's saying, "Whatever you do, whether you do it or whether you don't do it, you do it unto God. It's to glorify him. It's to honor him. So don't worry about what brother so and so or sister so and so thinks. You're doing it unto God. And he'll approve or disapprove in your life. He'll let you know if it's right or wrong. Cuz listen, church, we've always got people on either side of these things. We got people who agree and we got people that disagree. We're never going to please everyone. If you've been in church for more than six months, you'll know you can't please everybody. But what do we do? We have to be humble enough to say, "It's not my way or the highway." We've got to be able to lay ourselves down sometimes, both on the letting and on the not letting. Everybody's supposed to have that ability to lay some things down. Not to go against your conscience, but to move past it. Let it go with other people. He says, "None of us lives to himself, but to the Lord. And none of us dies to himself but to the Lord. He says, "For if we live, we live to the Lord. If we die, we die to the Lord." So then, whether we live or die, we belong to the Lord. And for Christ died and lived again for this very purpose, that he might be Lord both of the dead and of the living. Why do you criticize and pass judgment on your brother? Or you, why do you look down upon or despise your brother? For we shall all stand before the judgment seat of God. He says, "For it is written, as I live, says the Lord, every knee shall bow to me and every tongue shall confess to God and acknowledge him to his honor and to his praise." He says, "And so let each of us give account of who?" Himself. I answer for me, you answer for you. That's the way God works. It's an individual affair. Remember, we read that quote. Brother Abraham says, "It's a bunch of individuals in an individual body. You answer to God for your own life." He says to give an answer in reference to judgment to God. He says, "Then let us no more criticize and blame and pass judgment on one another, but rather decide and endeavor never to put a stumbling block or an obstacle or a hindrance in the way of a brother." Now, let's stop here because this is where this scripture gets abused so many times because we have people that say, "Well, I don't believe in so and such, such and such or or so and so or whatever." And they say, "And therefore, you cannot do that. You are not allowed to have that around me. you are not allowed to be that around me. You're not allowed to talk about that around me because I don't believe in it. That is not what Paul said here and we'll take it as we go down through this. Otherwise, what we'd have is a notebook. All right. So, these are the things that brother Bark and I don't agree on and I can't do those things or talk about them. And then there's Sister Moren and then there's Sister Brenda and brother Bob that no, Sister Justine, I agree on everything, but Sister Lydia, we've got some issues. You know what they have today? They have pronouns. They have pronouns that are not just he or she. They have all sorts of other ones. And what are they doing? They're expecting you to keep a notebook of what everybody wants to be called by. It's insanity to think that we would have to sit here and live our lives based on what everybody around us thinks. It's never been a requirement. It's never been a requirement. That's the spirit of Leodosa where nobody can be offended by anything. Nobody can grow up. Nobody can move past. Nobody can mature. That's not what Paul is talking about. That verse 13, the King James verse, King James version has two things in it. One of them is here and the other one is is slightly different. The first thing he's there is he says let us no more what? Put a stumbling block in front of somebody. Now a stumbling block is something that causes someone to fall and sin. Not fall and get offended. Not fall and have a negative emotion or feeling. Not fall and think less of you. fall and sin. This is you doing something that is against the word of God. He says you ought never to do that. If there is a clear word standard, you do not do that because if you do it and they respect you and look at you as a spiritual peer or authority, they'll think they can do it because you do it. Mom and dad, we need to be real careful because we got a bunch of people looking at us and are we putting stumbling blocks in front of them? We have to be so careful. So this is Paul saying don't do something that would cause somebody to have a sinful effect in their life. So this doesn't apply to facial hair. If somebody doesn't believe in facial hair and I've got a beard, this doesn't that's not a stumbling block to them because facial hair isn't a sin. If they see my facial hair and grow facial hair, that's not a sin. They're okay. And if they're offended by it, that's their fault and their problem, not mine. Because it's not a sin. That's not a stumbling block to them. And we'll get to the next thing in a little bit. Amen. Now, here's the thing. That may cause a strain in our fellowship, right? If you don't believe that beards are okay and I've got a beard, that may cause a strain in our fellowship. But here's the thing. We're not here to cuddle little pet doctrines or ideas or personal standards if they're not according to the word. Sometimes the best thing we could do is say, "Brother or sister, what scripture is it that causes you to think this is such a wrong thing?" But the thing about that is is that it it it puts it bald-faced out there and it puts them on the spot. And that can be very difficult to do. But the thing is this, would we rather they continued in that false assumption and letting that thing have a a bondage over them? Or would we rather call it out and say, "Brother, sister, I've never read a scripture that said tells me that wearing a that having a beard is wrong. Can you tell me where it is that you get that from?" And if they can't, then you would say, "Well, brother, sister, then why is it a problem?" And you can have a discussion about it. But otherwise, what happens is we start to tiptoe around each other. And it can turn into a form of spiritual bullying because you're trying to put on me what you think is wrong. And now I've got a tiptoe around you about all these little things that we've got going on. And it turns into a form of trying to bring us that's a doineering nature of a legalist. Legalists want you to live by their rules. And it is a dominant spirit. Absolutely. It is. You have never met a passive legalist in my life. They always want you to live according to their rules. Amen. You can be a bully by being passive, by pulling back, by not engaging, by sitting things out, by sitting back with your arms crossed and a frown on your face every time because you've got problems with just about everything that people do. That's not the life of a believer. Scripture says we're led by the spirit of God. That means we're in action. We're moving. We're the hands and feet of God, church. If our personal convictions have us sitting at home on our couch and that's all we do, there's a problem. We're supposed to be about the father's business. We're supposed to be up and doing these things. How can be a witness if we can't move out of our own house? We can't get up out of our couch. If we can't be around things that might offend us or hurt us or cause us discomfort. We grow by discomfort, church. There are some things we need to be able to just get over. And I'm going to talk about some of those. I'm going to talk about myself in a little bit by God's grace. So Paul said we never put a stumbling block. We never do something that causes somebody to go against the word. But then he says we never he says give them occasion to fall. Now this one's different. This is a snare. It's a trap. It's something that causes a person to lose their balance and be overcome or captured by something. Now I have, in other words, this is something that you can handle and you can keep in balance, but they can't. And this is one where now we get into some personal standards. Let me give you an example, perfect example of of this kind of thing. A bottle of ketchup. You put a bottle of ketchup in front of me. It's okay. I'll take a little bit and I'll squirt it on my plate. But you put that in front of Brother Joe or Brother Vichel. By the end of the meal, they're drinking it. They baptized their food in ketchup. I can handle ketchup. Brother Joe and brother Vichel, they can't handle ketchup. Now, I'm being humorous, but I'm going to get serious. But they can't do it. And so, when Brother Joe's around, what do we do? We don't put the bottle out. We put out a small bowl of ketchup. Just one of these little serving things, right? Because otherwise, we're going to need ketchup at Costco the next day. And Brother Vichel's barely any better. They look at food as a carrier for ketchup. But here's the thing. We have all sorts of little habits and things that can be the exact same way where we will automatically go to that every single time and it will completely consume our time. It'll consume our energy. It'll consume our relationships. It'll consume everything we do. And we've got to be so careful about that. We've got to be so careful about those things. I'm not talking about not doing things that make you uncomfortable. That's not what Paul's talking about. That's why I said sometimes we need to be uncomfortable. But we're talking about things that take you out of balance in your life. That's where we have to be careful. Amen. There are some people they can't handle brother ball. Do you remember brother ball? That's basketball that brothers play. Classic example would be the coffees and my father. They were playing a friendly game for about the first three minutes. And by the end, dad had his hand slashed open with glass after having put his arm through the wall trying to brace himself from a body check from brother Bob and brother Mark or brother Barry and brother Mark simultaneously. And sister Moren was left to stitch it up and pick up the pieces. What did we learn from that? Brothers, some people can't handle playing sports. They're going to get angry. They're going to get involved. I'm not criticizing anybody. I think everyone gets what's coming to them. And my father certainly got what was coming to him. Okay, you know what I'm talking about. I'll never forget it. I'll never forget it. But what did we learn? Don't play basketball with brother Lanny. At least not with the coffees. Maybe there's another brother that dad could play basketball with. But for that moment and for that sport and for that group, that's probably not the best thing for them to do in the future. and they probably never played it again, right? But I'm preaching to myself and I'm going to take this down now to where this can go. Some of you know that I have something called misophonia. And misophonia is is when you are aggravated by certain sounds. And for me, it's people crunching on their food and chewing on their nails, among other things. If you're sitting behind me in service clicking your pen, you're in risk of limb and life. repetitive clicky sounds, crunchy sounds, they drive me crazy. And sometimes I have to leave the table if we're eating really crunchy food because I'm being overcome by the feeling of what I'm hearing and I can't express it. Okay? I can I can hear you clipping your nails or biting your nails a mile away. There's people that sometimes chew their nails or clip their nails in church. I know when it's happening every single time without fail. Without fail. And it's really, really aggravating to me. Now, it feels wrong to me, but does that make you chewing nails or or crunching on your food wrong? No. But I have a very strong a visceral emotional and mental response to that. I can be sitting there, church, in seething internal rage. Okay? I I'm being honest this evening. Okay? And so what is my requirement then? Is it a fair and balanced requirement that because of the potential for you to crunch in my ear and make me rage that you can never eat crunchy food? Is it reasonable? Whenever I come over to your house, should you remember brother John can't stand people eating carrots? No. No. That's something I need to deal with. It's not wrong to crunch on crunchy food. But I can feel so caught up in those moments. And that person has no idea what they're doing to me. But I can't go around the church and saying, "Brother Chad, if you crunch one more time, I'm never coming to your house again. Why am I not over it, church? Because I'll tell you this. I believe there's deliverance. But it's easier for me to have my family deal with my occasional outbursts or separating from the table than it is for me to go to God and say, "God, would you take care of this for me? I believe he can heal us of everything we have. I believe it. Listen, we're built certain ways. I'm not talking about a personality change, but something that interferes with relationships, something that interferes with fellowship. I've got to get to the place, church, where I want to get rid of that more than I want you to bow down to it. Now, I don't project that on you. Some of you know about it, some of you don't. But we can take those things and because the emotion that comes with that is so strong, we can turn it into an offense. We can turn it into something that they need to deal with. Church, the problem is not you for crunching your food. Everybody crunches their food. The problem is me for how I react to it. But the thing is this, we can take a natural issue with the natural response and we can turn it into a spiritual issue. I could say if you love me as your pastor and brother, you would never have raw vegetables ever served in my presence. out of respect for the ministry and for the love of God, don't serve raw vegetables. Nobody's going to do this again. I I didn't think about this. I didn't think about this. I I may actually get my way, but listen, I can do that. I could do that. We're laughing. We're laughing. But K, don't we do that? Let it slip to Sister Moren. Sister Moren, it drives me nuts these these vegetables. And next thing you know, sister, she never does it. And nobody else gets to have that because I'm in the house. What is it? I'm projecting my needs now, my issues, my natural problems. And that's all it is is a natural problem. And I'm saying you guys aren't allowed to enjoy anything. And I can bully you with that. I can make you bow down before the altar of my misophonia. We can take other things then and I'm using myself because if I preach against myself usually it'll relax the people enough to hear what I'm going to say. But I'll tell you this and you go talk to the deacons in this church, you take talk to deacons in any church I've been because I've been all around the world at this point and every church I've been to. What happens is people will take those things and we will spiritualize it to make it so we don't have to deal with it and we put the reaction on everybody else. Okay. Why? Because spiritual people respect spiritual issues. And so if we make it a spiritual issue, then people have to respect it and have to deal with it. And so people will take this scripture we've been reading. They'll say, "Say you have to accommodate me. The scripture says you've got to accommodate me. I struggle with this and I have a problem with this and I have a problem with that." Paul says, "Such were some of you, but you are washed. You're sanctified. You're justified. You're cleansed. all of these different things. People say you you're not allowed to offend me, church. We're allowed to offend each other in these things. I'm not saying go around offending. I'm saying we can't go around like a bunch of children saying you can't do it because it bothers me. It makes me feel weird. It makes me feel bad. I don't I wouldn't go anywhere and eat with people. I can't stand people that chew with their mouth open. I can't stand people that chew loudly. You don't even have to crunch. Just chew loudly. I'm getting some nods here. We may have a a misophonia anonymous after service. Brother Chad, I'm in. Yep. Mashed potatoes every day. But we can get there. Talk to your deacon sometime. Have you ever dealt with somebody that spiritualized an issue and it kept them from addressing it? And what happens is all the rest of us are left to pick up the mess that they leave behind? 100%. It's happened in every church I've been to. Kids are born a certain way. and they turn it into a spiritual matter rather than that's just the way they are. They've got DNA, they've got disease, they've got conditions, they've got this, they've got that. Sometimes it's cuz they just haven't been raised right and they turn it into a special thing. We all have our weird things. We've got our little idiosyncrasies. We got little things we like and don't like. Big things. I mean, consider this. I don't like the way most people eat, church. That's a pretty big thing. That's a pretty big thing. We've all got them. We've all got them. And it can be the way people dress. It can be the way people talk. It can be the way people do things, the way people don't do things. Whatever it is. And Satan will take those and he'll elevate them into something spiritual so that we force the issue on everybody else instead of our own selves. And what are we doing? We're sitting here helpless and bound by our own nature, by our own flesh, by our own issues, whatever that might be. And in the end, and again, I'm speaking from personal experience, people elevate those things to the point where their problem becomes a sign of sior spirituality. God's honest truth. I can I could give you a name and a condition today. That's what happens. We enforce that bondage on other people. People clothe themselves with a spiritual title and it makes them untouchable outside of correction. Pretty soon it's just a mess everywhere and people are walking around just trying not to step in it. It's a horrible, horrible thing to deal with. What did Jesus say? What did Paul say? He says, "Judge ourselves." judge ourselves. Judge ourselves. If you ever met somebody that keeps going from church to church and every church is a problem. Who's the problem? It's not the churches. Every church has problems. No church is perfect. I like the way one minister say he said, "If the church was perfect, it was imperfect the day I landed. because I'm going to bring my imperfections in. Somebody that keeps pointing to everybody else, they're not judging themselves. And everybody's paying a price because of it. Paul says this, "Now I know and I am convinced, I'm persuaded as one in the Lord Jesus that nothing is forbidden as essentially unclean, defiled, and unholy in itself." Church, remember, he's talking about food and h and and and holy days here. He's not talking about everything in life. He's talking about religious remnants, okay? He's not talking about jewelry and motorcycles and hairstyles and sports and these things. He's talking about freedom in Christ from the old laws. He says, "But nonetheless, it is unclean to anyone who thinks it is unclean. If you think it's unclean, don't do it. Never do it." He says it's unclean to you. It's a personal conviction. But if your brother is being pained or his feelings hurt or if he's being injured by what you eat, misophonia would apply here. No, it wouldn't. If you're eating something that I believe was wrong by my religion, he says, "That's a problem." He says, "Then you're no longer walking in love. You have ceased to be living and conducting yourself by the standard of love toward him. Do not let what you eat hurt or cause the ruin of one for whom Christ died. Again, notice the elements here. This is a novice, somebody that is new to the faith that hasn't grown into full maturity with residual beliefs from the system they came out of. That's why Paul said at the beginning, leave them alone. Don't try and force everything on them. Don't overload them. Relax. Let the Lord do a work. Okay. This chapter is specifically about residual beliefs from old systems. Okay? It's not about us coming up with new things and forcing people to come up and deal with it. Okay? It's somebody dealing with religious culture shock, if we could put it that way. He says, "Do not therefore let what seems to be good to you be considered an evil thing by someone else." He says, "In other words, do not give occasion for others to criticize that which is justifiable for you. For all," and this is where we opened our service. He says, "After all, the kingdom of God is not a matter of getting the food and drink that one likes." He says, "But it is instead righteousness, that state of which makes a person acceptable to God, and heart peace and joy in the Holy Spirit." So, we're now not looking for rights and wrongs and and dos and don'ts and am I allowed or not am I allowed. He's saying, "We're focused now on that which is pleasing to God and the peace and the joy that comes from the Holy Spirit." That's what we ought to be focused on, not on whether or not I can eat steak around a brother that doesn't believe in eating food, eating meat. He says, "He who serves Christ in that way is acceptable and pleasing to God and is approved by men." Now, catch verse 19. This is the key to this whole thing. He says, "Let us then definitely aim for and eagerly pursue what makes for harmony and for mutual upbuilding." And everyone starts at the harmony part. Do what keeps the peace. But that is not the end of the scripture. It is for peace and for harmony and for mutual upbuilding. He says it's for edification and development of one another. In other words, this is for growth's sake, not to leave somebody in the condition they're in. He says, "But you allow this and you you you respect their their beliefs for a while so that they can grow and have time to listen and let the word do a work. Let the spirit do a work. Let them relax. Get comfortable about where they are and what they're doing. It is. And we don't know this because we're raised in this message. But when you come out from a system that has completely blinded you for all of your life and you come into light, it can be overwhelming. Isn't that right, brother Vichel? So much is changing. Brother Mark would know this and brother Sister Moren and and brother Bob and sister Brenda certainly brother Chad coming out of the world perhaps would know this a little bit. But but you come in and everything is new. He's saying, "Don't enforce all this stuff on these poor people. They're just coming into life. They're just coming into light. Let God do the work." He says, "But the purpose of this harmony is so that they can grow and that you can grow. But if they don't grow, there's a problem. And we can't sit around with a bunch of sacred cows because people refuse to grow up. If they don't grow up, it becomes their problem, not the church's problem. Does that make sense? We're both supposed to mature and your liberty should not infringe on mine or vice versa. But we're both supposed to grow. We're both supposed to mature in Christ. Amen. Verse 20. Lost my place. He says, "You must not for the sake of food." Remember, Paul's telling us context here. Religious remnants, food and holy days, not everything in life, but things that are tied specifically to old religion. You must not for the sake of food undo and break down and destroy the works of God. Everything is indeed ceremonial, clean and pure. Peter knew that. Peter found that out, right? When that sheet dropped down with all these things, he says, "What God has called clean, let no man call unclean." He says, "But it is wrong for anyone to hurt the conscience of others or make them fall by what he eats. We got to give them time to grow up. He says, "The right thing to do is to eat no meat or drink no wine at all or do anything else if it makes your brother stumble or hurts his conscience or offends or weakens him." Again, people will take that and they'll run with it to bind you to their personal convictions. Paul's talking about religious remnants, not just whatever you decide that offends you or bothers you. He says your com personal convictions on such matters. He says exercise them as in God's presence, keeping them to yourself, striving only to know the truth and obey his will. Blessed, happy to be envied is he who has no reason to judge himself for what he approves, who does not convict himself by what he chooses to do. But the man who has doubts, who has misgivings, an uneasy conscience about eating, again, we're talking religious remnants, and then eats, perhaps because of you, stands condemned before God because he's not true to his convictions, and he does not act from faith. For whatsoever does not originate and perceive from faith is sin. And he says, "Whatever is done without a conviction of its approval by God is sinful." Now, Brother Brham would expand this and because the world looks at sin as as the things you do. But remember what brother Bram said. He says sin is unbelief. So we the the King James version says for what is not of fa whatsoever is not of faith is sin. We would say whatsoever is not of faith is unbelief. And that makes perfect sense. If you don't believe it, it can't be from faith. And if you don't believe it and you don't have faith, why would you ever do it, church? Why would we let some other believer ramrod us into doing something that we're uncomfortable with? Don't do it. Walk away. Stand on your own two feet. God bless you. And we ought to be able to let somebody walk away with as much grace as they have for walking away and not judging us for doing what we're doing. It's a two-sided coin. Grace and not self-righteousness on both sides. Brother Bram has this beautiful quote. He says, "If there's a question, men come and say, do you think it's wrong to smoke?" Listen, it take out smoke and put whatever you want there. Is it wrong to do it? He says, "What are you asking it for?" If it's a question in your mind, leave it alone. He says, "For anything you don't do by faith is sin." That's right. It's got to be by faith. So, how can you smoke and have faith? See, it's right in your own conscience that shows you that you're wrong. So, if it's uncertain, you better leave it alone cuz that might be the one thing that keeps you out of the kingdom of God. That's heavy. That's heavy. That's why we don't need to go around and shouldn't go around trying to convince people to do what we do. If we go against their conscience and by whatever reason, whether it's out of friendship, whether listen, some of us don't stand up so well as others. And we can be bowed over by people telling us to do things or by by group think or or by social pressure or spiritual pressure, whatever that might look like. We've got to be so careful that I don't that we don't go up to somebody and say, "Hey, come do this." And if they say no, or they he say, "Hey, that's okay." And just let it go. We should not try and convince somebody of those things. God has worked with their conscience to hold them back. Don't cross the barrier. Okay? Don't try and sway them. God works with them sovereignly. It comes back to that question I started out with earlier, which is who are we asking and why are we asking? Who's doing the asking? Who's driving this from the inside? Is it me or is it something else? What's driving us to make a change in our life? What's the influence? Is it another believer? Is it the pastor? Is it the five-fold ministry? Is it something we read? Is it somebody we hang out with? I'll tell you this. If you honestly tell me what you've been feeding on the last little while, you won't have to tell me why you're asking. Cuz it'll tell you why you're asking. If all you've been doing is is watching YouTube and being on Facebook and Instagram, guess what, church? I'm going to tell you right now, it probably isn't of God. But if you've been listening to the word, you've been reading your Bible, you've been praying, you've been you've been just enveloping yourself in the good things of God, and you got something you're moving towards, I've got a lot more confidence in your request then because what you're feeding on will drive you towards it. And I'll tell you this, sheep that are wellfed don't go into strange pastures. They don't need to cuz they're fed by what they already have. Amen. Paul said it this or sorry, Solomon said it this way. He says, "Let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter. Fear God and keep his commandments. For this is the whole duty of men. For God shall bring every work into judgment with every secret thing, whether it be good or whether it be evil. Listen, God's going to make it plain. God's going to make it plain one way or the other. And we can wrap it in a cloak of spirituality. We can wrap it in a cloak of I've got rights. We can wrap it in a cloak of the Bible doesn't say I can't. But God's going to show whether he was behind it or whether you were behind it. And there's a lot of people doing a lot of good things. And at the end, remember what he said, "Depart from me, you workers of iniquity. I never knew you." He didn't say it wasn't good. It just wasn't his will. That's it. That's why I'm saying this isn't about dos and don'ts or rights and wrongs. It's what does God have for me to do in my life on a daily basis. That's what ought to be driving the believer. We look at Eve. Eve got seduced by the potential of something beyond what she had right already. Eve had perfection. Eve's a daughter of God in a perfect body. And Satan comes and he says something that's a little bit different. And she stopped and she listened. And then she listened a little bit more. And by the end of it, she gave herself over completely to a lie and lost everything she had. Lost everything she had. You look at what you're feeding on every day and you'll find out pretty quickly where your inspiration's coming from. It's that simple. It's that simple. If what you're feeding on is the word, what'll come out is the word. And if you're feeding on something that's other than the word, then what's going to come out is something other than the word every time, church. That's the way that these things work. Amen. The spirit of God will drive you to faith and action in the word. It'll drive you to something sure because it's building on a foundation. Remember, it's building on a cornerstone of the word of God. So, if we're being led by the spirit, it's going to take us to a sure foundation, not into the waters of maybe it's okay or not okay. That's not the point of God. God's point is to take you to what is proven, to what is sure, what is steady, what is unchanging. Sons of God are led by the spirit of God. Amen. He takes you where he wants you to go. We'll see it as we move on in this series in the next couple of services that if we put our energy into being led rather than into our energy into getting permission, we'd be so much further ahead. Being led is what matters. And the scripture defines children of God as those that are led. So what's the purpose of my will? The purpose of my will is to yield it, to surrender it so that he can lead the sheep. That's the only reason I've got anything in terms of free will in these things. I found out if we're about the father's business, we don't have a whole lot of time for these questions. Listen, I would love to have a motorcycle someday. Me and brother Chad were making plans. But the simple fact is this, church. I'm I'm not being sounding self-righteous. This is a this is the truth. I'm too busy to have a motorcycle right now. So it doesn't matter if it's right or wrong. Doesn't matter if people agree or disagree because I'm not getting one because I don't have time to ride it. That's what I'm saying is when we're about the father's business, most of these questions become moot. Mothers, fathers. Listen, my wife's going away in a week or two to California and I'm going to have to be mom and dad. Bing dad's bad enough being a pastor. Now I got to be a mom on top of it. Mothers, if you're about your motherly duties, you're not going to have a whole lot of time for anything else. I see what it looks like. You don't have time to question if this is right or wrong because you're too busy maintaining the house, taking care of the kids. I think everyone here now except for sister Leah is is homeschooling their kids and she's helping her her husband run a business as well as being a mom and wife church. If you're about the father's business as adults, we don't have a whole lot of time for anything else. And so most of these questions become academic rather than real. It's the young people. It's the young people that have time on their hands. And so they're like, "Well, what do I do now, Mom? What am I going to do now, Dad? I'm so bored. What can I do? Can I watch this? Can I do that? Can I go here? Can I go there? And that's when we usually get into the real questions because mom and dad are too busy, too busy being adults, running a household, leading the household, whatever that might be to do that. I'm not here to preach a message of standards and dos and don'ts. We've got standards, church. You want to talk about personal standards, you come talk to me anytime. I'll tell you my personal standards. Happy to do it. And I've done it many times. But I I'm going to preach a word standard and I'll share my personal standard if you want it. But we got to stick with the word and what it says. But the bigger thing is that I'm here to preach the liberty of being led by the spirit of God. That's what the gospel is. The gospel is good news. The good news is that Christ can come down and live inside of you and do the same works that he did before. He can destroy the works of the devil in your own body through your own hands, your own feet, your own mouth, your own mind, whatever that might be. That's what I want to preach. I want to preach victory, not rules. Rules didn't produce anything, church, except denomination and death. It's not going to do it. Yes, we warn people. Yes, we look at current events. Yes, we look at technologies. We look at new things that come out and we talk about these things. And sometimes we preach about them and we warn the people. We have to do those things. Amen. But our goal is not to get you to conform. Our goal is to get you to a new birth and let Christ do the work that all of us want you want want to see done in your life. Isn't it the most wonderful thing, fathers and mothers, when you don't have to tell your kids what they have to do anymore, cuz they're doing it themselves. That's when you know I can let my hands off the wheel here more or less is when they start doing it out of their own choice, out of their own heart, rather than because mom and dad told me to or because I'll get spanked if I don't or I'll lose privileges if I don't. But they just start to do it because they bought in. That's what the new birth is. You've been born again and you're doing it now from the heart. Not because the church does it. Not because people will look down on you. Not because people will put you out. Not cuz people will say things about you, but because there's a life there's a lifesp. Amen. Scripture and a quote as we close. He says, "Fear thou not, for I am with thee." We're talking about no room for fear. Fear thou not, for I am with thee. Be not dismayed, for I am thy God. I will strengthen ye. Yay, I will help thee. Yay, I will uphold thee with the right hand of my righteousness. This series on the token life is all about getting you into Christ. That's what it is. And then once he's in you to let his life live throughout you. And then it's exactly as this. Why are we not scared, church? Cuz he's with us. Why are we not weak? Cuz he is with us. Why are we not helpless? Cuz he's with us. Why are we righteous? because he is with us. It's all him. And that takes the fear right out of it. It's not me. It's Christ in me that's doing this whole work. That's the promise that Christ gave. I'll be with you even in you to the end of the age. He's the one that's going to take us all the way through. That's the great commission. That's Acts 2:38. Brother puts it this way as we close. When the worshipper puts his hands on the head of the dying lamb of Calvary and confesses his sin and God recognizes that to be truthful from his heart, he confesses his sin. That circling life called the Holy Ghost of Jesus Christ turns back into the worshipper and he is purged and has no more desire for sin. For he is led by the spirit of God and not his own life from then on. We're turning a corner now. We're going away from dos and don'ts. We're going away from legalism. We're going into leadership. He says he'll make mistakes certainly. I'm going to speak to the elders. Have we made mistakes since we got the Holy Ghost? Show of hands, please. Okay. We make mistakes. We make mistakes every day. We're going to make wrong choices. We're going to make wrong steps. We're going to get trapped. We're going to get fooled. He says he'll make mistakes certainly, but that life will hold him. Amen. Less than that life will hold him. We're talking about no room for fear. My fear cannot be that if I do this, he'll send me to hell. If I do that, he'll cast me out. If he'll do this, he's going to do this. If I do that, he's going to do that. That's not what controls the believer. What is it? It's perfect love. It's perfect life in the believer that holds us. We're going to make mistakes. We can't have a a hammer, a sword over our head all day long if we don't do everything perfectly that he's going to judge us. No, that life will hold him. The blood covers and the life takes us through. Amen. That's why we have no fear. And that's what we're going to get into. I trust you've been okay. these three services. I know it's been very personal in some cases, it's very direct in some cases, but I felt the Lord wanted us to go there and I've got to follow that leadership as much as it's uncomfortable for me as it may be for you at times. Amen. But we want to we want to live by his leadership, church. We don't want a a bunch of people that do it because they have to. That is not a happy place to be. That is the most miserable Christian in the world is the one that does it because he has to. Who's the happy one, church? Who's the joyful one? It's the one that says, "I want to do it." And even when this flesh doesn't want to, there's something inside of me that keeps me going, keeps me fighting, keeps me coming back even after I fall and says, "Pick yourself up, son." A just man, a righteous man falls seven times and rises up again. Amen. We'll make mistakes certainly, but that life will hold us. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Let's bow our heads. Lord Jesus, Lord, I'm thankful for your boldness and your courage. Lord, I'm thankful for your spirit that leads and guides, Lord. And I'm thankful for truth that we can rest on, Lord. I'm praying you'll just take these three services, Lord, that we've preached on this. And Lord, as we turn this corner on no room for fear, Lord, may we leave behind those things that bind us. Lord, if there is any lingering fear, Lord, may you just cast it out this evening. We pray. May we go in perfect liberty of the spirit tonight, Lord, that you are with us. You have chosen us, Lord. We are already justified. We are already sanctified. We are already cleaned. We are already in your presence as perfect sons and daughters. Lord, our rest is in you. Our peace is in you. Our comfort is in you. Our assurance, Lord, is in this witness of the spirit that lives within us. Lord, I pray you deliver us from every fear, Lord, and set us free to worship you exactly as you'd have us to do it. Lord God, grant us grace, Lord, one for the other. Lord, we all have our little isms, our own little ideas, our own little Lord, strange things that we have and do and wonder and don't like. And Lord, I pray you give us grace and love one for another. Amen. Lord, that in this preaching even, Lord, that your love would come through, Lord, not in hardship, Lord, but Lord, in a in an offer of liberty, an offer of mercy, an offer of unity and harmony, Lord, beyond that which we've ever had before. Grace to your people, Lord, we pray in Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. in your presence. [Music] 10:57 I want to go where the rivers cannot overflow me, where my feet are on the rock. I want to hide where the cares of this world cannot choke me. It's in your presence, oh God, and in your presence. That's where I am strong. In your presence, oh Lord my God, in your presence, that's where I belong. Seeking your face, touching your grace in the cliff of the rock. It's in your presence, oh God. Oh, I want to hide where the flood of evil cannot reach me. Where I'm covered by the blood. I want to be where the seeds of darkness cannot touch me. In your presence, oh God. In your presence, that's where I am strong. In your presence, oh Lord my God, in your presence, that's where I belong. Seeking your grace, touching your [Music] face in the depth of the rock. See your presence, oh God. I want to hide where the flood of evil cannot reach me. Where I'm covered by the blood. I want to be where the schemes of darkness cannot touch me. In your presence, oh God. In your presence, that's where I belong. In your presence, oh Lord my God, in your presence, that's where I belong. Speaking your grace, touching your [Music] face in the cliff of the [Music] rock. It's in your presence, oh God, and in your presence. That's where I am strong. In your presence. In your presence. That's where I belong. Seeking your [Music] face, touching your grace. left of the rock. It's in your presence. Oh God, keep your mind stayed on me. 7:40. Keep your mind stay on me. Stay on me faithfully and I will give you perfect peace. How sweet if you'll just keep your mind stayed on me. Keep your mind stay on me. Stay on me, faithfully. And I will give you perfect peace. Sweet release. If you'll just keep your my state of I give myself away. 1165 I give myself [Music] away. I give myself away. So you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. Here I am. Here I stand. Lord, my life is in your hands. Lord, I'm longing to see. Your desires reveal in me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself [Music] away. I give myself away so you can use me. Take my heart. Take my life. as a living [Music] sacriice. All my dreams, all my plans, Lord, I place them in your hands. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself [Music] away. Take myself away so you can use me. Take my heart. Take my life. as a living [Music] sacriice. All my dreams, all my plans, Lord, I place them in your hands. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away. So you second verse use me. Take my heart. Take my life. [Music] as a living [Music] sacriice all my dreams, all my plans. Lord, I place them in your hands. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. Do you know that song? I'm loving you more every day. 1198. We're going to sing that. Brother Bob, if you close in prayer tonight. I don't know if we mentioned it. Sister Selena came home not feeling well, so she's home tonight. Want to remember her. Sister Kimberly is not here tonight, I don't think. Let's keep her in prayer. Amen. We need deliverance. Amen. We need deliverance. And then, uh, I've got some potential options for eye surgery. I'm trying to sort out over the next couple days. So, we'll just see what happens there. Keep that in prayer. It certainly be nice to get this over with. Amen. But the the Lord has his hands in everything we do. Amen. There's a reason for it. Amen. And I'm just uh trusting that he's got a a purpose for it. Amen. Certainly appreciate the prayers and the concerns that all have shown and just trusting the Lord to take us through. Amen. Let's sing this and Brother Bob will close in prayer tonight. I'm loving you more every day. I'm loving you more every day. the more I know you. I just want to show you I'm loving you, Lord. Every day I'm loving you more every [Music] day. I'm loving you all every day. the more I know you. I just want to show you I'm loving you more every day. One more time. I'm loving you more every day. I'm loving you more every day. the more I know you. I just want to show you I'm loving you, Lord, every day. [Music] Heavenly Father, I trust that can always be our desire, Father. And yet our testimony as well, Lord, that we love you more every day. And the more we know you, Lord, Father, it just it just takes a yielding, Lord, Father, to yield to the desire, Father, to feed upon the word and to thereby just drawing closer and closer to you. And Lord, the more we feed, the more we see, Father, the the word unfolding before us, Lord, and in our lives, Lord, and all around us, then the more we would love you, Father. Lord, I just want to thank you, Father, for the word that we've heard tonight in these past few services, Father. So thankful, Lord, to to know you are mindful of us, Father, to the point where you show us where we're wrong, where we make our mistakes. And father, you want you you use the ministry, Father, the pastor, Father, to point out those things, Lord. And it's all designed, Lord, to get us ready for the change of the body. And Father, we just pray, Lord, that you would help us, Lord, by grace to take that word, Father, and embrace it, Lord, and let it live, Lord, in us, Father. And Lord, as we go from here tonight, Lord, help us, Father, by grace, Lord, to be mindful of you, Lord, knowing that you're mindful of us, Father. And that, Lord, as the word says, Lord, that we are just but flesh. And Father, Lord, you you look at us, Father, and all the mistakes that we make. But, Father, it is grace for all of that, Father. And we thank you, Lord. We thank you, Lord, for blessing us the way you do, for meeting our needs and ministering, Lord, to us in such a mighty way, Lord. Father, Lord, by grace that we might, Lord, by have that faith, Lord, that we'll claim a rapture. So Lord, we ask you bless those, Lord, that are not here tonight, Father, those that are sick and afflicted. There's many sicknesses, Lord. Father, we know the devil is going about as a roaring line, Lord, seeking whom you may devour. And Lord, he's casting things upon us. But Father, we know, Lord, that nothing is too hard for you. And Lord, we're praying that you would touch each one. Father, let faith rise, Lord, to claim the promise of divine healing, Lord, in each and every one, Father. And we pray, Lord, for Brother John, especially as well, Father, Lord, that you would just give him the faith, Lord, that claims to promise to heal his eye because, Lord, again, there's nothing too hard for you. So, we're just, Father, just committing them into your hands tonight as a body, Lord, singular, Lord, agreeing all in one, Father, for the healing, Lord, of that eye. Because Lord, we know, Father, that it's him, Lord, that will bring the word to us. It was him, Lord, that you use, Lord, to to feed us and to have our faith increased. So, we pray your blessing upon him and upon all, Father, as we go here tonight, Father, may you go to our homes with us. Keep us safe, Lord, by grace and help us to love you and serve you till you take us home. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. [Music] [Music] Welcome to [Music] Heat. Heat. There you go. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music]
