################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-04 - 20250504 - The Token Life - Pt. 53 - No Room for Fear Pt. 4 - Bro. Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-04
Title:    20250504 - The Token Life - Pt. 53 - No Room for Fear Pt. 4 - Bro. Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 28m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4W599pDTsK4
========================================

Description:
Quotes and Scriptures: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1cS_A5ZM6GyWVF1ekixD-eCoiYCMa4Jw8/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Ooh. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Howdy. [Music] Oh. [Music] Amen. Let's stand. And they shall walk in not faint. Teach me, Lord. Teach me Lord to wait down on my knees till in your good time. You answer my please. Teach me not to rely on what others do, but to wait in prayer for an answer from you. They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as he goes. They shall run and not be weery. They shall walk and not faint. Teach me Lord. Teach me Lord to man. Teach me Lord to wait while hearts are a flame. Help me humble my pride and call on your name. Keep my faith renewed. Keep my eyes on thee. Help me be on this earth what you want me to be. They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as he goes. They shall ride and not be weary. They shall walk and not faint. Teach me Lord. Teach me Lord to wait him and help us. Oh, they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as he calls. They shall run and not be weery. They shall walk and not faint. Teach me Lord. Teach me Lord to Amen. Let's sing at 668. I just feel like something good is about to happen. I just feel like something good is on his way. He has promised that he'd open all of heaven. And brother, this could happen any day when God's people humble themselves to call on Jesus and they look to heaven extracting as they pray. I just feel like something good is about to happen. And brother, this could be that very day. Man, I have learned in all that happens just to praise him. For I know he's working all things for my good man. Every fear I shed is worth the investment. For I know he'll see me through. He said he would. He has promised I know here can hardly fathom. All the things he has in store for those who pray. I just feel like something good is about to happen. And brother, this could be that very day. matter. All the bad news in the paper and it seems like things are bleaker every day. But for this child of God, it makes no difference because it's bound to get better either way. Man, I've never been more thrilled about tomorrow. Sunshine's always bursting through the skies of gray. I just feel like something good is about to happen. And brother, this could be this very day. Man, I just feel like something good is about to happen. And I just feel like something good is on its way, man. He has promised that it open all of heaven. [Applause] And brother, this could happen any day when God's people humbled themselves and call on Jesus and they look to heaven expecting as they pray. I just feel like something good is about to happen. And brother, this could be that very day. One more time. I just feel like something good is about to happen. I just feel like something good is on its way. He has promised that it open all of heaven. And brother, this could happen any day. When God's people humble themselves and call on Jesus, and they look to heaven, expecting it as they pray. I just feel like something good is about to happen. And brother, this could be the very day. Amen. Welcome everyone here this morning. Some prayer requests. Sister Laura Snow, just want to continue to remember her in prayer. U she's holding steady and uh it's been some good reports that I I'll share hopefully later today. Um, sister Becky is uh in Toronto for a couple weeks and uh so she's not with us, but um just keep her in prayer. She's visiting family and so forth. Uh brother Kachi, brother Kingsley said he's he's doing better. His skin is cleared up for the most part. So we thank the Lord for that. Brother John's eye want to continue to keep that in prayer and that he'd just be able to get a procedure done to uh to take care of it. Sister Cordella s brother Nelson any of the other needs. Uh my father-in-law is doing better but he could still use prayer. He's having just aches and pains and different things. Let's sing that one. 9008 above all and uh ask brother Grant to open in prayer. Just sing this a couple times. Above all [Music] powers, above all kings, above all nations and all created things, above all wisdom and all the ways of man, you were here before the world began. Above all kingoms, above all thrones man, above all wonderers the world has ever known. Above all wealth and treasures of the [Music] earth, there's no way to measure your worth. Bruceified, lay behind a stone. He live to die, rejected and alone like a rose, trampled on the ground. You took the form and the thought of me above all above all powers above all kings. above all nations and all created things. Above all wisdom and all the weight of [Music] man, you were here before the world began. Above all kingoms, above all thrones man, above all wonderers the world has ever known. Above all wealth and treasures of the earth, there's no way to measure what you're worth trying. Amen. Crucified, lay behind a stone, you leave to die. Rejected and alone like a rose trampled on the ground. You took the fall and thought of me above all crucified. Thank you Lord. The soul you live to die rejected and alone like a rose. Thanks Jesus. Thank you Lord. Glory. You took the fall and thought of [Music] me above all. Oh crucified, lay behind the soul. You leave to die. rejected and alone like a rose trampled on the ground. Thank you Lord for the fall and thought of me. One more time as brother Brand comes. Glory. Oh crucified, praise behind the song. You live to die, rejected and alone like a rose. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Glory. Thank you Lord. have thought of me. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Lord, we're grateful this morning for your presence, Lord God, for the coming together of your children, Lord God, where we can call upon your name, Lord, and we can sing the songs of Zion and reflect on your goodness, Lord God. Even this morning, we say thank you for all that you have done, Lord. Hallelujah. Lord God, it was because of your love, Lord God. Lord, you you remember, Lord God, us in our falling condition, Lord. And and Lord God, you made a way for us, Lord God, for our restoration. And so God, we come in your house reflecting, oh God, on all that you have already done, Lord. Father God, we ask one more time, Lord God, that through this grace uh Lord God, that you have given us, Lord, that this morning your people will come into knowing you, Lord God, and the power of your resurrection, Lord God, the life that you have given, Lord God, to restore us, to bring us back, Lord God, into a right state, Lord. Lord God, to bring us back, Lord God, into Lord, as brother Bradom said, into an Eden condition again where, Lord, your word can live perfectly through your people. And so God, we create an atmosphere for your presence. Lord, we invite your presence. We Lord God, we ask Lord God that the atmosphere will be saturated. Not oh God will with doubt and fear and and all, oh God, unbelievable. Lord God, we ask for your presence this morning. Lord God, moving on the scene, moving on the hearts of your people. Lord God, may our hearts recognize your presence and may be there be joy in the house, shouting in the house, rejoicing in the house. Oh God, because you have descended among us. Uh oh God, as we come, Lord, and we look to you this morning as your children, Lord God, there are so many needs, Lord God, uh needs in our bodies, needs, requesters, Lord, sicknesses, uh oh God. But Lord, your promise in this time that you be the Shai, the strength giver, Lord God, the abundance, Lord God, from which the Lord, the needs can be, oh God, pulled from this morning. And so Lord, we ask that you'll bless your people. Lord God, Lord, you know the names this morning. Uh Lord God, brother John, Lord God, Lord, we we put his condition before you. Oh God, our sister this morning, God, that Hallelujah. The Lord God, sister Laurent of the need. And oh, oh God, oh Katy, Lord God, all these names that were mentioned, Lord, you know the needs this morning. And so God, as your children, Lord, we put all things before you. Hallelujah. Oh God, the Lord God for your your promise to your bride that you will supply all our needs uh according to your riches and glory. May you bless us this morning, Lord. Lord God, and as your man's servant, Lord God, that he stands, Lord God, to deliver your word, Lord God, we ask that he will take himself out out of the picture. And Lord God, that he will give his own being, his body, his voice, his entirety to you this morning. That you will speak uh speak to your people this morning. Bring hope and faith uh Lord God in the hearts of your people. May, oh God, Lord, hallelujah, the words that we hear, but be not the voice of a man, but the voice uh of God speaking to the agency of flesh. Uh bless us, Lord God. Uh Lord God, as we depend and we wait for the manifestation of your presence this morning, bless us now we pray as we look to you and we say thanks in Jesus Christ's name. And we say amen and amen. I forgot to mention that brother Gord Snow, brother Matt's been sending updates on that. We just want to continue to keep him in prayer as well. The family thankful that he's uh on the mend. Let's sing um 1279 I think it is. Uh I shall Yeah, this uh we've sung this before. Um I believe that maybe it's a choir song or a special or something. I think most of us know it. I'll give it a try. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul. Worship his holy name. Sing like never before. Oh my soul, I worship your holy name. And the sun comes up. It's a new day dawning. It's time to sing your song again. Whatever may pass and whatever man. Thank you, Lord. Let me be singing when the evening comes. Hallelujah. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul. Worship his holy name. Seems like never before. Oh my soul, I'll worship your holy name. Thank you, Lord. Oh, you're rich in love and you're sore. Thank you, Lord. Glory. Your name is great and your heart is kind. For all your goodness I will keep on singing. [Music] 10,000 reasons for my heart to find. Thank you, Lord. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul. Worship his holy name. Seems like never before. Oh my soul, I worship your holy name. Help me Lord, his faith. The end draws near and my time has come. Till my soul will sing your praise on endeavor 10,000 years and then forever and glory to your name. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul, worship his holy name. Sing like never before. Oh my soul, I'll worship your holy name. You're rich in mouth. Thank you Lord. Thank you for your grace. Your name is great and your heart is kind. Thank you Lord. song singing 10,000 reasons for my heart to find. Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul. Amen. Thank you, Lord. It seems like never before. Oh my soul, I worship your holy name. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul. Worship his holy name. Sing like never before. Oh my soul, worship your holy name. Amen. Amen. Let's sing uh 994. Lord, my heart can grow so far away and cold. And yet for me, your love is still the same. [Music] Lord, I've been my knees in all and fear of you. My head bows down in reence to your name. [Music] I lift your name, your holy name. Jehovah God king the great I am the reason lamb my comforttor in King Lord my heart desire is to be filled with spirit fire. My purpose is to worship you alone. Open up my soul to worship and adore to be a fragrance offered to your throne man. I lift your name, your holy name. Jehovah God, the great I am. The reason lamb, my comfort and king, I lift your name, your hoy name, Jehovah. Oh God, oh king, the great I am, the reason lamb my comfort King, I lift your name. Your holy name Jehovah [Music] God, the great I am, the reason I come for your king. Amen. We'll sing 3:16. How wonderful Savior is. Jesus, my Lord, a wonderful Savior to me. He hideth my soul in the cliff of the rock where revers of pleasure I see. He hideeth my soul in the cliff of the rock that shadows a dry thirsty land. He hideth my life in the depths of his love and covers me there with his hand and covers me there with his hand. Thank you Lord. A wonderful Savior is Jesus my Lord. He taketh my burden away. [Music] Behold, lift me up and I shall not be moved. He gaveth me strength as my day. Thank you, Lord. He hideth my soul in the cliff. The rock that shadows search I thirsty land. He hideeth my life in the depths of his love and comes me there with his hand and covers me there with his And with numberless blessings each he crowns and fill with his fullness divine. I sing in my rapure. Oh, glory to God for such a redeemer as mine. He hideth my soul in the cl above the rock that shadows the dry thirsty land. He hides my life in the depths of his love and covers me there with his hand and covers me there with his hand. Let's stand. When clothed in his brightness, transported I rise to meet him in clouds of the sky. His perfect salation, his oneful love. I'll shout with the millions on my mouth. He hideeth my soul in the cl of the rock shadow of dry thirsty lamp. He hideth my life in the depths of his love and covers me there with his hand and covers me there with his hand. Hallelujah. Lord, what a day that will be, Lord. I can't even fathom, Lord. The feeling, the thought, Lord, the emotions that would run through us as that happens. But Lord, we're here to give you praise now. Lord, we're here to worship you now. We're here to thank you now. We're here to give you our all now, Lord, before that ever happens. Lord, as we live in faith, Lord, by your word, Lord, as we commit ourselves to you completely, Lord God, looking forward to that day, Lord, of full adoption, of full redemption for each one of us, heavenly father. Lord, we're looking for that day, Lord. We're crying out for that day. But Lord, until that day, I pray you give us faith to live, Lord. Faith to believe, faith to trust, faith to rest, Lord, faith in the assurance that your word does what it says, heavenly father. Lord, so just take your word again this morning, Lord. Quicken us to it, Lord. Make it live in our lives. Change us, Lord, by it. We pray. Let your spirit have full control, Lord. We ask. In Jesus Christ's name we pray it this morning. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Turn if you would to First John 4 again. 1 John 4. I'm excited to preach this morning. It's always nice to come with a message of that you feel is just going to encourage the people and it's always a joy to do that. Amen. We've got some good news this morning. Brother Garfield notified me earlier this week that he did pass all of his exams. So, we thank the Lord for that. Amen. It's not easy to do. And uh he's made it through unscathed. So, we're thankful for that. He'll also take the service on Wednesday now that he's got a bit of time on his hands. He's he's jumped back into the word in a in a more full-time basis. So, uh we're thankful for that. So, he'll take the service on Wednesday. So, please remember him in prayer. Also, Blanca and Selena fly out to California on Thursday for a little over a week. So, uh remember them, remember me, remember the children. Amen. Remember the children. but that God would give them traveling mercies. I also have a a uh consult with a plastic surgeon on Thursday to look at my eye to see if she can help me. Uh this is outside of the Newfoundland Medical System, so I'd have to pay for it if she's able to do it. But uh we'll see what the Lord would have, but I'm meeting with her Thursday morning as well. So, we're just committing all things into the Lord's hands. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Enjoyed the song service this morning, sitting in there. Amen. Would have loved to be out, but just in there dwelling on the service this morning. So, God bless you. Let's read John 1 John chapter 4. Verse four says, "Ye are of God, little children, and have overcome them." Notice it's a present tense condition. You're an overcomer now. But it's a past tense overcoming. It's already been defeated. You've already won. You're an overcomer right now. Amen. He says, "Because greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world." Jumping down to verse 18. There is no fear in love, but perfect love casteth out fear because fear had torment. He that fearth is not made perfect in love. Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats this morning. We're continuing our series on the Holy Ghost and this thought of no room for fear. I'm taking a fourth part this morning and we're moving on from the idea of of the fear that comes from legalisms and dos and don'ts, which was the mindset of the law of Moses where it was the law of sin and death. It was a spirit of fear that what you did was what you got and that was just the way it was. Amen. And your life and your results were based purely on your actions. And if you did the wrong action, you got a bad result. If you did the right action, you got a good result. Why? Because it was a law. The law was there. And unfortunately, the law only condemned. The law only condemned. And there was a price to be paid if you broke that law. And the price was never a good price to pay. And then to make matters worse, as we talked about, the ministry came along and they added to the law and they gave their own ideas and their own thoughts and more rules and even with the best of intentions, all it did was bind the people up and it made them more fearful for how they were living their life. And they expanded it way beyond what God had told them to do. And so they're looking over their shoulder for judgment. They break this little law, this little idea, this little ism, and then they thought that God was going to judge them and it bound them up in fear. And remember what we said, there are absolutes in scripture. There are absolute dos and there are absolute don'ts. And if you do what you weren't supposed to do, then there's a price to pay. And if you do what you're supposed to do, then there's a price to be gained. There's a blessing in those things as well. Amen. The word has absolutes. And when we cross absolutes, it shows there's a problem somewhere. Amen. If the word says don't do it and we do it, there's a problem somewhere in our life. Amen. Does God have disobedient children? Two. Bishel and my wife. Does God have disobedient children? The scripture says that he chastises us. And you don't chastise somebody unless they've done something wrong, unless they're disobedient. But the difference between now and then, before he did it by the law, now he does it for our good. Amen. It has a purpose. When God gives us a a spank and when God corrects us, when God makes things tough on us, it's for our good to bring us forward into what he's trying to take us into and to take us out of what we thought was good in the first place, what we thought would do us some benefit in our life. Amen. But we know that we disobey at times. Sometimes it's not absolute disobedience. Isn't that the sneaky way we do it? See, sometimes he tells us what to do, but we say, "We'll do it, but not now." We're off on the timing. Sometimes it's partial obedience. You know what partial obedience is, church? Disobedience. If you don't go all the way, then you never obeyed in the first place. And so, and sometimes we'll take our disobedience and we'll spiritualize it. But it's still disobedience. And then sometimes we just let the natural, we let the physical there. We say, "This is just the way it is." And God will understand. We talked about this last service. God will understand if I don't do this. God will understand if I just have to let this slide for a while. Church. God doesn't understand. God doesn't understand. What he knows is that you don't have faith. Because if his word says he'll do what he says he's going to do and you act a different way, it shows there's unbelief there. And God doesn't understand that. God doesn't understand that in the life of a believer. And God is not okay with it. Now remember, we're coming out of that spirit of fear under the law of sin and death under the law of Moses. We could say that. But watch what Paul says now in Galatians 6. Okay? This is under the law of grace. But he says, "Brothers, be not deceived. God is not mocked. He says God won't be making a fool of. And he's bringing us back to a principle. He says, "For whatsoever a man seweth, that shall he also reap. For he that sweth to the flesh shall of the flesh reap corruption, but he that sweth to the spirit shall of the spirit reap life everlasting." He says, "And let us not be weary in welloing." Church, welloing is a long game. Wellodoing does not you do it today, you get it today. welloing is you do it today, you reap it sometime in the future. Right? Satan is looking for you don't need to be weary because I'll give it to you today. It's all temporal. It's all right now. But it doesn't last. Nothing you plant grows in a day. But Satan will try and tell you that. Satan will try and tell you. But he says, Paul says, "Let us not be wearying and welloing." Amen. It's a long game. It's a long way of living. It's looking for the future, not just the present. He says, "For in due season we shall reap if we faint not." You'll notice there's a time for planting and there's a time for harvesting. And it's not the same day unfortunately in most cases. But what we see here is this great seed principle of God. And this is really where we're going to be focused on this morning is this idea of the seed principle. Amen. You can't sew something. Today we'd say you can't plant something and get something different. You can't plant a corn seed and get an apple tree. You can't do it. No matter how much you try, no matter how much you water it, no matter how much you change its environment, you can't change that seed. So whatever you plant is what you're going to get. No matter how much you pray over it, no matter how much you spiritualize it, no matter how much reasons you give for it, you can't change what you've sowed. What you sow is what you're going to get. That's the seed principle of God from the beginning. And this is where we're going in this service today. So just stay with me. Amen. Brother Bam, Paul Paul tells us this is under grace now, but you still reap what you sow. He says God won't be made a fool of because this is the original. This is the Genesis principle is what you sow is what you get. And this can be a blessing or this can be a curse. I like what brother Bram says. He says, "Whatever life you live, that's whatever life you reap." See, it's our daily decisions that we make. It's the life that we live, the choices we make today determines what's going to happen down the road. Amen. You can't put God on the back burner today and expect the supernatural tomorrow. It doesn't work that way. You can't put God in second place and accept him to do a first place God thing in the in the day tomorrow. You can't do that. You can't spend today and expect money in the bank account tomorrow. Amen. You have to save today to have money in the bank account tomorrow. Amen. You can't ignore your family today and expect to have a tight-knit family tomorrow. That's not the way that it works. Amen. That's the negative side of this. But I'm not here to preach the negative. Amen. I'm talking to believers. So I believe that every word that we have ought to be a promise. So it's not saying don't go plant bad seeds. It's saying plant good seeds. Plant the right thing and you'll get the right thing out of your life. Amen. I'd rather preach a carrot than a stick this morning if it's okay. We're going to preach a carrot this morning. Amen. But if you go to a place where God is a priority in your life, then you can expect the supernatural in your life. Amen. When you give God first place, you can expect him to give you first place. Amen. When you give your all, you can expect all of him. Amen. You're planting one thing to reap the other thing. It comes down to what you're doing. And and Satan is only focused on getting us to look at today, here, and now. And God's trying to point us to what's coming down the road. And that's what the spirit of God will always do. Amen. That's why we live a harder life than most people, naturally speaking, as believers. Amen. why we sacrifice the comforts and the eases and the enjoyment of today because we're looking for certainty in the future. We're looking for something down the road that is guaranteed. So many of us sacrifice our our careers. We don't work on the weekends. We don't work on Sundays. We don't work on Wednesdays. We probably only have one person working in the home. And so we don't have as much money as some people. You look at a car payment today, you look at the average car is about $50,000 in Canada. You do that over five years, that's a,000 bucks a month for a car. You need two of them, you've got $2,000 a month a year. $2,000 a month for five years. How many of us have $2,000 a month to have cars in our in our driveways? But what do you do? You look around and everybody's got two new cars. We sacrifice. We don't have an easy time of it. We don't all get new cars. We don't all get big houses. We don't all have the same career progression as other people. Why? Because it doesn't have first place. We're planting what really matters and everything else goes by the wayside and it is what it is. We have what we have. We sacrifice our finances. I don't know how many of you look at your receipt slip at the end of the year. You look at that and you say, "Oh my goodness, that's a lot of money I paid in tithes." And if you're carnal, you'll say, "What could I do with that money?" But see, if you're spiritual, you'll say, "What happened with that money? What did I gain from that? What did I gain from that?" What you gained is a promise. Do you know that tithing is one of the only promises in the book where God says, "I'll magnify it." I'll magnify it more than you put in. I'll give you back out. Haven't we seen that? Amen. I I remember I had somebody asking me about tithing. I brought mother brother Matt over to testify. I said, "Don, I don't want to just give you scriptures. Let me give you a personal example." Brother Matt came over and he talked about the he had almost a full year off and he came out with a better credit score than he went in. Why? Because God magnifies. God blesses above and beyond what we could ask or think. But we sacrifice in the here and now for certainty down the road. Why, church? Because we're looking for a city whose builder and maker is God. Amen. We're working for a different kingdom. We're fighting for a different result than everybody in this world is fighting for. And so we live a life that speaking naturally is much more difficult. And I'm speaking now from a worldly standpoint, from a carnal standpoint. Amen. They call it sacrifices. We call it planting. Why? Because we know, we believe that there's something that comes down the road. We believe that if you do what the word of God says, then you get what the word of God says. And that's why we do it. There's something in us that does that. And planting is a hard is a lot of hard work, isn't it, church. Making the right decisions, a lot of hard work. But I'll tell you this, I've never had somebody come back when they're reaping their good harvest and say, "Boy, I really wish I hadn't done this." Nobody does that. When you reap the good results of a good planting, nobody comes back and says, "Oh man, I really wasted my time. This was not worth it." Everybody loves the good harvest. Nobody likes the good planting. Cuz good planting's hard. It's a long game. It's a daily game. But what do we find? We find those that planted for today down the road, they reap exactly that thing. And what do they say? I wish I knew how this was going to turn out. I'd have never have done that. I wish I could go back and fix it. Or worst of all, it's done and I can't change it anymore. Why? Planting for today instead of planting for tomorrow. Planting what feels good, what looks good, what this body enjoys, what this flesh enjoys. But I'll tell you this, church, it's never too late to make the right decision. You can't change what's in the past, but you can change what's ahead. And whether you're 92 or 22, it doesn't matter. Leaving those things which are behind. Paul said, "I press towards the mark of the prize of the high calling in Christ Jesus." It's never too late to make the right decision. Amen. That's what the new birth is all about. The old man dies. The old life dies. The old decisions die. You may carry scars forward, but you're planting now in a completely different way, and you're going to reap a completely different result because of it. That's for free this morning. Amen. I want to take us back to Romans 8. And we're speaking on this idea of no room for fear. And there's a reason that Paul would tie together the true baptism of the Holy Spirit, the new birth with setting us free from fear. And that's what I want to talk about today. And Paul says in Romans 8:11, he says, "But if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his spirit that dwells in you." Amen. The Holy Spirit is quickening power. That word quicken means to make alive. It takes that which was dead and he makes it live. Amen. And you'll find in this that it's not just to make you live, but it's to bring life to others as well. Okay? This life is not just for you because otherwise that's hybrid. Amen. But if there's life in you, Jesus said, except a corn we die and fall into the ground, it cannot rise again and multiply. It's the same thing for a believer. You are supposed to have life that produces life. I was listening to the message, be not afraid. Brother Brandham was he was at a breakfast that Billy Graham was was talking at. Billy Graham said, "I I have this issue." He says, "I go to a city and I get 10,000 converts and I come back a year later and I've got 30." He said, "The Apostle Paul would go into a city and he would convert one and he'd come back a year later and he'd have 30." And brother says, "I wish I could have told him." He says, "The difference is that you took him to a confession of faith." He said, "The Apostle Paul stayed with him until he got the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Because what happens, you come out and listen, plenty of people got Yes, they they they've done well under Billy Graeme. I'm not not saying he didn't have a a purpose, but he did. Amen. And he was a man of God. I believe that. What a wonderful man. What a wonderful message. A man that could preach salvation. I don't think there was a better preacher that could preach salvation than Billy Graham. But what is it? People will come out of there on fire for God. The Apostle Paul would fill them with the fire of God. There's a difference, church, because you can go on fire for God, but you need that fire within you. Amen. It's people that will act on the word, not just say amen to the word. People that are caught up, there's a fire burning. There's a life inside of them that's coming out now, rather than something that was fanned by the feeling of the of the services. That's the difference between these two things. Born again children of God will produce other born again children of God. Now, listen, we believe that those are our own children. Amen. I'm not believing that my children are not the seed of God. But it means there's others as well. That as we go, life will produce life. So as we walk through this world, as we meet people at school, we meet people at work, we meet people in the grocery store, whatever it might be, there's something about us that brings them to life. And they say there's something about you. They may not say it, but they think it and they act on. There's something different about you. And so they come to church and they hear the word and they get the same experience you do. That's what Peter did on the day of Pentecost. He took his experience and he preached it and what did it produce? 3,000 souls. Then he goes down to the house of Cornelius and he preaches the same thing and they what do they do? They've received the same word and they get the same results. Life produces life. That's what he was going around doing. Verse 12. Therefore, brethren, we are debtors not to the flesh to live after the flesh. Church, you don't owe your body anything. This flesh is not we are not debtors to it. It isn't so great or so good to us that we have to do what it says. We owe it nothing. He says, "For if you live after the flesh, you shall die. But if ye through the spirit do mortify the deeds of the body, you shall live." Now, notice as the spirit quickens the soul, it starts to kill the flesh. That's what's happening. see is there's a preeminent shift that's happening in your body because with the soul being now bound by being sealed by the power of the Holy Spirit, the soul condition starts to take preeminence because now God's inside of it. It comes to life and what does it start to do? It starts to push out death because everything in the flesh is death. Amen. The soul, what's in the soul is gaining preeminence over the body. One has come to life and the other one is slowly dying away. That's the new birth. He says, "For as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God." That's the identification of the effect of receiving the word of God is that the spirit of God can now lead you. Your life is surrendered to him. Now, here's where we want to focus today. He says, "For we have not we have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear, but we have received the spirit of adoption whereby we cry, "Aba, Father." He says, "The spirit itself beareth witness. It testifies. It confirms to us with our spirit that we are the children of God. And if we are children, he's just building us up now. He's saying, if you've got this, then this. And if it's this, then this. And he's showing us our whole position. He says, "And if we're children, we're hes of God, joint hes with Christ. If so be that we suffer with him, that we may also be glorified together." And I want to focus on these three verses for the rest of this service because Paul gives us this beautiful little package here. And he presents to us the true benefits, the true scope of what it means to be a child of God. And in verse 15, he says, "For you have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear. But you have received the spirit of adoption whereby we cry aba father." So we see two spirits with two effects. One spirit of bondage causes you to fear. One spirit of adoption causes us to cry out to God. Okay? Now when we look at this, we see that spirit of bondage. It was the spirit of death and spin and sin. It was the fearful looking over our shoulder whenever we did something wrong that God would come down and he would judge us. He'd make us sick. He'd take away our money, take away our family, take away our health. And we were always worried about those things. Amen. Because we didn't do we did something we shouldn't do. But Paul says, "No, God comes down and he gives you a spirit of adoption that takes away that fear." Amen. And it brings you into a new place. church, we still have convictions. We still are convicted about our actions or our lack of actions as the case may be. And when God convicts us, he's not doing it to judge us. He's doing it to protect us or to bring us into his blessings. He's not trying to judge us. He's trying to take us into what he has for us. He's not there to judge. He's there to protect, to preserve, to bring us into the blessings that he have. But we still reap what we sow in this natural life. That doesn't go away. Amen. The conviction of God is to keep you from going down a road that you ought not to go down or to get you onto the road that you ought to be going down. See, in Moses day, the law was there to condemn, to condemn. But here, the word is here to convince and convict. It's trying to get us to do the right thing. And that conscience that we have is pricricked by the spirit. And it causes us to stop and say, "Uhoh, what happened? Something's wrong here. This is bothering me. Why is it bothering me?" And we can step back and say, "Okay, Lord, what's going on?" And he'll show us what's happening in our life. But we see that as a believer really the reaping and sewing once we've given our life to Christ is it's it's really for here in the natural life. You reap what you sow here. But our soul is sealed to the day of our redemption. Whatever you do after you receive the Holy Spirit will not change your eternal condition or your eternal destination. But you can change what you bring to him. Then remember, we're going to come and we're going to lay our crowns at his feet. What we do here is going to be tried by fire. And you can have something that lasts through the fire of God or you can have something that's destroyed by it. That's your own choice of reaping and sowing. That's the only real choice that a believer has is what they do after that. And you can choose to serve God for 30% in you know uh 30fold. You can choose God to serve God to produce 60fold or 100fold. That's what we bring. Amen. But if we live by the word, we get word results. But when we live by the word, you'll find that there's all sorts of surface friction because you're dealing with the world. You're dealing with the flesh. But if you live contrary to the word, what you find is that you get along good with a lot of people, but there's a deeper issue that's unresolved. And that's what comes out down the road. So living by the word is highly uncomfortable in this world because you're constantly at friction with this flesh. You're constantly in contradiction to the things of the world. And so, it's a life of constant struggle, but it's planting the right seeds and it produces the right crop. Amen. Now, we preached he says that we don't have this spirit of bondage, but we have the spirit of adoption. And I hope we all know what adoption is by now because I preached almost a full year on it. So, I'm not going to preach on it this morning except to remind us that adoption in the scriptures was not about taking a child that didn't belong to the family and bringing it into the family. That's not what adoption is. Adoption is taking a child that is a part of the family and placing them in a position of responsibility and authority. So Paul says when you receive the spirit of God, you receive a spirit that is supposed to take you into position and authority. That's its purpose. Amen. But this adoption was not guaranteed for a child because it only happened at a certain point because the child was always in relationship. The child always had a father and if the child was bad, it didn't change the fact that he or she was the son or daughter of the father. So the relationship is always there. But adoption now is when the character matches what the father requires. Amen. So the child had to move from this place of just always going and asking daddy for stuff and relying on him for clothes and for shelter and an allowance and whining when things weren't perfect to stepping into a place where he wanted to know what daddy needed him to do. What daddy wanted him to do and he wanted to know how to do it. And how did that come through? It came through a tutor that took the father's will and he took it and he turned it into lessons for that child on a daily basis. And how did that child come to adoption? It came to adoption when the tutor came to the father and said, "He thinks like you do. She acts like you do. He reacts like you do. He holds back like you do. She wants the same things you do." And what is it? It was a matching of the character of the child with the character and expectations of the father. And that's when the father would have the ceremony. He'd stand him up in public. He put a a a robe of authority around him and say, "He is now a part of our family. He's a part of our family business and what he says goes. His name on the check is as good as my name on the check. That's the purpose of adoption. It's to bring us to our position in Christ. Amen. To where we're working with him rather than just having a relationship with him. It's to put our shoulders into the in into the work itself. Amen. What was it that allowed you to move from relationship to responsibility and authority? It's always character. It's always character. That's what the father was looking for. Amen. And that's the key thing that comes after baptism is God's baptism of the spirit, I say, is God starts to develop your character to match what he's looking for. But before you ever have that, remember what Paul says. Paul's walking us through Paul's not taking us to adoption here. He's saying it's a spirit that will bring you to adoption. But before it brings you to adoption, what does it do first? The spirit of Christ, the Holy Spirit, what does it do? It tells you who your father is. It tells you who your daddy is. It tells you where you come from, which tells you where you're going. And it changes your outlook on life. Amen. It changes who your relationships are with. It tells you where to look for your support. It tells you what to value. It tells you what belongs to you. It completely changes your mindset. Amen. It tells you who your real father is. Now, listen. We've got many fathers here, but my son's only answer to me. And as similar as we are as believers, brother Chad's son is being told different things than my son. And brother Joe's sons answer to him differently than mine. And brother Paul's in these different ones. We all are different fathers. And our sons can't go to brother Chad to learn how they need to please their own father. They've got to come to their own father. And that's what the spirit does is it brings us back to our father. Amen. Tells you what to fight for. tells you where to focus, tells you where to put your energy. Now, watch what Paul would say. Now, he's tying this in in Galatians 4. He says, "Now I say that the heir, as long as he is a child, differs nothing from a servant, though he be lord of all." He says, "As long as you're only in relationship and don't have character, you're the same as a servant." He says, "But he's under tutors and governors until the time appointed of the father." Church, we don't need to worry about it. God has a time. God has a season. He'll lose none of his. He'll bring us where we need to get. He says, "Even so, when we were children, we're in bondage under the elements of the world." All of us, no matter where we're born, whether we're born in a Christian home, born into this message, whatever it might be, we're still born this. We're born in bondage to a different spirit. He says, "But when the fullness of the time was come, God sent forth his son made of a woman, made under the law, to redeem them that were under the law, that we might receive the adoption of sons." The law could not bring you into adoption. It took something beyond that. Amen. To redeem that were under the law, that were under the spirit of fear because of the law of sin and death. He says that we replace that law now that we might receive the adoption of sons. How do you become a son? How do you become adopted, church? You receive the spirit of adoption. That's the way that it works. He says, "And because ye are sons, before we did right or wrong, before we came to church, before we were baptized, before we said amen to the word, before we were we we gave our lives to him, he says, because you are sons, God sent forth the spirit of his son into your hearts, crying, abba, father, and says, wherefore thou art no more a servant, but a son, and if a son, than an heir of God through Christ." Notice he keeps saying this this phrase, crying aba father. And that word crying is one of the strangest words in the Bible because it's a word that in the Greek it literally sounds like a raven crying. And they did that specifically because what he's talking about is when this moment happens what you say cannot be put into words. It's hard to express because what you've realized, maybe look at it my way. When I came to that place in in that camp in Louisiana where I gave my heart to the Lord, where he called my name, when he called my name, I realized that I had a father whose name was not Lanni Kurlet. And when I came forward and gave my heart to him, I could not form words. I know exactly what this means. The the word here cry means inarticulate shouts that express deep emotion. And I couldn't even frame what I was feeling. I was just making unintelligible sounds. I was raising my hands. I was praising the Lord. Why? Because my eyes had been lifted from here to here. And I'd realized there was more to me than I had thought. I realized that I had an inheritance beyond what my father could save up until he died. I realized there was more to me than the faults and failures that come through the DNA of my mother and father. But I realized that I had a heavenly father with a heavenly inheritance with a heavenly DNA that was calling me to cry out to him and say, "Daddy, daddy." That's what I'm talking about. It's joy unspeakable and full of glory. When you realize, "I am not of this world. I did not start here. I will not finish here." But there's something from the eternal that is drawing me back to him. That's what we're talking about this morning. This is the seed principle that we're going to get into. Amen. Hallelujah. What? I was in complete and total rapture in that moment. I was a new man. I was a new creature. Everything cleaned. Everything changed in a moment. And what did I do? I raised my hand. I said, "Daddy, I'm coming home." And from that moment, church, everything changes. That's what the new birth is. It is a complete and total change that takes your eyes off of this flesh and it sets it on the eternal word. That is what it does to you. Amen. What is it? Our life turns to God. Our mind and our soul turns back to the word. Why? Because we've been born from above. Not born in sin and shaped in iniquity. Amen. We're not just living a pointless life here where we we are born and we we have some fun and then we go to work and then we retire and then we die. What a horrible life. But I realized there's way more to this than anything that I had ever thought. It's like somebody had opened up the doors to a kingdom and everything in there is wonderful. And it says, "Here you go. This belongs to you." That's what I That's what I That's what happened in that moment was I realized I'm a child of God. I'm a child of God. And that's the thing that matters most. That's the thing that matters most. Amen. But Bram says it this way. says we have become from mortal beings from time beings to eternal beings. When the word of God lit our souls and we become sons and daughters of God with the attributes the gene of God in us to be sons and daughters of the father. He says God in heaven crying aba father my god my god in my father's house. Today we'd say I won the lottery. That's the way it is when people win the lottery. They don't know what to do. They don't know what to say. All they know is I'm a multi multi-millionaire. And most of them just sit down and cry because they can't do anything else. They're so overcome by it. Amen. But this isn't a lottery that buys us homes and cars that rust and rot. This is one that has a home that's eternal in the heavens, a kingdom that will not pass away. First Pet in first Peter it says, "Blessed be the God and father of our Lord Jesus Christ, which according to his abundant mercy hath begotten us again." See, life is of God, no matter what, church. The first time I was born was his mercy. But when I was born by the spirit, that was his abundant mercy. Born again into a living hope, a lively hope by the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead to an inheritance incorruptible and undefiled. And that fadeth not away, reserved in heaven for you. Notice it says it's incorruptible. It's undefiled. It doesn't fade away. Each of us has this inheritance waiting for us. Peter's creating a contrast with what we have with what we have up there. Okay. What is it? Let's keep reading. He says, "Who are kept?" We're kept by the power of God through faith unto salvation ready to be revealed in the last time. Peter said, "You're kept by the power of God." What's the power of God, church? It's the spirit of God inside of you. We are kept by the power of God. were kept by the spirit of God by faith that is pointing to a salvation that is going to be revealed at the last time. Now that word salvation means a healing, a deliverance, total health, total preservation, complete safety. That's salvation, church. When is he said it's at the last time. When is the last time? Today. Today is the last time. It's the last age. It's the It's the last period of the Gentile dispensation. What's the salvation that's coming at this time? What is the only thing that we have that they don't have, church? A resurrection and a rapture. We have a body change. Everything that the first church age had, we have available to us today. But there's one thing we have that they don't, and that's that we get a body change while we yet live. We get to see the fullness of salvation. We get to see the fullness of adoption. We see the fullness of redemption. Amen. If we go back go back to Romans 8 and and continuing on from there, he says, "For I reckon that the sufferings of this present world are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us. For the earnest expectation of the creature waits for the manifestation of the sons of God. He's speaking of the creature, the creation." He says, "For the creature was made subject to vanity, not willingly, but by reason of him who has subjected the same in hope." He says, "Because the creature, because creation itself shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption into the glorious liberty of the children of God." When? At the last time. At the end time. At the end of it all. See, in this scripture, we will have already been changed into our glorious liberty. But there's a glorious liberty that's coming for the earth. And what is it? A new heaven and a new earth. It gets a new body. We get a new body. It gets a new body. That's what's going to happen. He says, "For we know that the whole creation groanth and travaleth in pain together until now. And not only they, but ourselves also which have the first fruits of the spirit, even we ourselves grown within ourselves, waiting for the adoption to the redemption of our body." So what's the salvation waiting to be revealed? It's a body change. It's a total healing. It's a total deliverance. It's giving us the glorious body like unto his glorious body as the scripture says. It's a transformation of what? Not just having a soul that's filled with the spirit, but an entire being that is filled with the spirit. It is a perfect, glorified, holy, righteous, undefiled, incorruptible, eternal body. That's what we're coming into. Amen. What's our cry then? Father, Father, give us that body. Take us all the way through. Get us out of here. Finish the job. Help us submit to your process so we can get the results. That's the cry of our hearts. Amen. God, do what you said you'd do. Let your word be born in my life. Let the promises of the word be revealed in me, not just in somebody else. That's the cry of our hearts. Why? Because we know there's more than what we have. Church, do we know there's more than what we have. Then what does our hearts cry? Give us what we don't have. Thank you for what we have. But don't stop there until you give us everything you promised. Let the word be born in the manger of my heart as we sing. Why? We're looking to move from this into that. I don't want to stop with what I have now, church. I'm thankful for it. But Paul says we put we leave it behind and we keep pressing. Never stop pressing. That's the cry of the believer. Give me more of you and take away more of me. He says this. Oh, do you see it? All creation's groaning, he said Paul. Everything's groaning. Look at the trees, how they struggle. Look at the flowers, how they struggle for life just for the frost to tear them down. Look at the trees, how they struggle to hold their branches out to sing glories unto God. See everything, all nature, all animals, all birds, how he flies from the enemy quickly and gets away. Everything's groaning. And we ourselves, said Paul, we groan too with them. For we are waiting for the redemption of our body. But he says, "But now, now they did the all those years until now. Now we have the earnest of our inheritance." Oh my. What do we have? We have the evidence that God lives. We have the evidence that God is with us. We have the evidence that God has not forsaken us. That we are his and he is ours. Because we in our bodies, we now tabernacle the Holy Spirit of God that cries out, "Aba, Father." He says, "And there's nothing can ever take that away." Remember, we're saying there's no room for fear this morning. Nothing can ever take that away. We're anchored in Christ. He says, "Now, the trees do not have it. Nature does not have it, but yet we are still groaning with them because as yet we haven't received the fullness of our adoption, but we have the earnest of it. We have the down payment. We have the guarantee of it. That we were picked up." Here's our guarantee, church. Here's our proof. That we were picked up from the things of the world and now become sons and daughters of God. We've had a life-changing, desire-changing experience with Christ. He says, "What kind of people should we be?" Oh my. When we think of that, think of it. Now, we have the earnest. Our spirit's groaning for the full adoption. But now we have the earnest of it. And as we receive the Holy Spirit, it's the earnest for our complete adoption or our complete salvation. He says, "Oh, how beautiful. I just love that." Isn't that our cry? God, finish the work that you started. Don't let us go without everything. Don't let us fall short. Lord, give us faith. Give us opportunity and help us to take the opportunity to take you at your word. That's the cry of our hearts. Amen. Church, I don't know about you, I'm ready to get out. I'm ready to move past lumpy eyes and balding hair and bad attitudes and waiting and wondering. I'm ready to move into perfect faith. Amen. But you'll realize we're in the we're in the time of moving on. We're in the time of rapture. But because we're in the time of perfect faith, there's got to be a gap between those two where our faith can become sight. And there's always a timeline between those things. Go. What's God's waiting for us to do, church? Cry out. Cry out. Not just sit around and wait. Listen, there is a patience in the believer, but there is a crying out as well. And you'll see it all through scripture. The people of God get down on their knees and they cry out to God to produce his word in their lives. It's not just a heart's cry. It's a spoken cry. It's a prayerful cry. Amen. He's waiting on us to show we believe, to act in faith, speak in faith, and then wait in faith for him to do exactly what he promised to do. I said earlier, we reap what we sow. And for the believer, it's more of an earthly thing. Once our soul's been sealed. Amen. Once your soul's sealed, you're sealed to eternity. You can't change it. You can't unbecome a child of God. You can't do it. Amen. It's impossible to do it. But I will say this, your dayto-day actions can reflect on where your eternal destination is. Cuz if all we're doing is living according to the things of the world, there's a problem in the soul. So you can't say, "I'm sealed by the spirit of God and live according to the world." There's a contradiction there. The scripture says you can't love the world or the things of the world. You can't serve two masters. You can't be in the word and in the world simultaneously. It doesn't work. Scripture says we're in the world, but we're not of it. We're not a part of it. It's not active in our life. Amen. So, if we're if our life is full of disobedience to the word because we're so busy in the world, I'm sorry, we're not born again. I'm not saying you're not a child of God. I'm saying you're not born again yet. Amen. We're here to be victorious. We're here to overcome. And if we're not overcoming, there's a problem somewhere. Absolutely. The very requirement for this age is to be an overcomer. Amen. And that's to produce the word of God. And if we're not overcoming, it behooves us to get down on our knees and ask God what's going on. Is it I, Lord, or is this just a trial of faith? But we ought to be down on our knees making sure that everything's okay. We have to get serious with God. And usually what happens is we get sick and tired of being sick and tired of getting beat up, being in and out, up and down, inside, outside, upside down in the spinning washer of this life. You get sick of that. And usually what comes out of that is a new birth where you finally lay it all down and you say, "Lord, I can't do it. I can't do it and I'm sick and tired of trying to do it. Will you come in and take over for me?" That's when the new birth will happen because you surrender yourself, your life, your will, your ideas, your skills, whatever it might be. And you say, "Lord, you take it." That's what takes a new birth. And what does it do, church? It brings you into rest. It brings you into assurance. It brings you into confidence. Brings you into peace. Brings you into joy. Why? Not because you don't have battles. We're going to have battles. God's going to do a work. He's got to change us from the inside out, but that's it. It'll start on the inside and finish on the outside cuz it's planted on the inside, and it'll produce life on the outside. All right. Amen. That's the only time you'll be able to hold your ground is when you surrender to him. Listen, we see people all the time, 10step programs, 12step programs, three-step programs to change your life, change your career, change your relationship, change this. And what do we do? We make ground. But because nothing changed inside, we just go back. And usually the end result is worse than the first because we know we tried and failed. And that that just it kills us when we do that. It makes it even harder. Amen. we're just doing it ourselves and we're bound to fall. But when we cry out and God comes on the scene, when we answer that beckoning call of the Holy Spirit, that's what changes everything because now we're inviting him into the situation. Amen. And though the circumstances of life may seem hard, the word of God can't be denied. The word of God is where the power is. And so temporarily it looks like there's a fight. There is a battle. And there is. But in the end, the word is going to overcome because it can't return to God void. The scripture says it's going to do what he said it was going to do. From that moment, from that moment when he drops that Holy Spirit into your life, everything changes. That's where your rest is. That's where that trust is. That's that assurance, that calmness, that quietness, that peace, even in the storm. Even in the storm. But Satan's trying to get our eyes off of that onto everything that's happening to try and disrupt those things that are in our soul. Amen. But I'll tell you this, victory starts to appear. You get the Holy Ghost, victory starts to appear. It has to because it's the spirit of victory. It's the spirit of overcoming. It's the conquering spirit. It's the living spirit. It's got to produce that which it is. Amen. Paul would say this in Romans 8. He says, "The spirit itself bears witness. It testifies. It confirms with our spirit that we are the children of God." That's the point of this whole this whole scripture. This whole uh service this morning is Paul's saying when you relieve the when you receive the Holy Spirit, you are set free from fears of what you do or don't do. Why? Because it's a finished work. It's a sealing. A ceiling is a finished work. See, and though you're a creature of time, the work in God's eyes is already done. Amen. And the Holy Spirit's been given you to witness to you that you are one thing and one thing alone, church. You're a child of God. Not a child of mommy and daddy. Not a child of this world. Not a child of whim. Not a child of sexual desire. You are a child of the very thoughts and attributes of God. That's what it's going to remind you. If you're in a battle this morning, I'll tell you, you're under two spirits. You're under a spirit of fear or the spirit of God. And I'll tell you how you know the spirit of God will point you to this. You are a child of God. He'll point you to the word. He'll point you to re repentance. He'll point you to rest. He'll point you to peace. He'll point you to the promise. What does the spirit of fear do? Point you to your performance and your failures. That's it. That's it. Spirit of Christ will point you back to the word of God and your position in Christ. Amen. Spirit of fear will condemn you without any opportunity for restitution. I can't do it. I can't come back. Daddy won't let me in the house. No, no, no. It'll point you back. He's waiting. And all you have to do is go back where you left him and he'll be right there waiting for you. We read this last service. I want to read it again. He says, "When the worshipper puts his hands on the h head of the dying lamb of Calvary and confesses his sin and God recognizes that to be truthful from his heart, he confesses his sin. That circling life called the Holy Ghost of Jesus Christ turns back into the worshipper and he is purged, completely cleaned. Clean every wit," Jesus said. He says, "And has no more desire for sin, but he is for he is led by the spirit of God, and it's not his own life from then on." Catch this. He'll make mistakes certainly, but that life will hold him. Look at Jesus words when he was pointing forward to the coming of the Holy Spirit. He said, "But the comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I've said unto you." Now, catch what it's going to do. That's what he's going to tell you. But what's he going to do to you? He's going to say, he says, "Peace I leave with you. My peace I give unto you. Not as the world giveth give I unto you. Let not your hearts be troubled, neither let it be afraid." The identifying characteristic of the Holy Spirit is that it takes away fear. Be not afraid. It is I. Be not afraid. Amen. He casts out fear. He brings that peace. He brings that rest. He brings that comfort. He brings that assurance. He brings that quietness. He brings confidence when there's nothing to suggest. We should be confident. That's the wonderful thing about a believer. You can be confident without having anything to to rest it on except the unfailing word of God. Amen. He takes fear completely away and he replaces it with faith. Jesus said in John 5, he says, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that heareth my word and believeth on him that sent me hath everlasting life and shall not come into condemnation, but is passed from death unto life." You've changed dimensions. You've changed conditions. You've changed positions. You've moved from one to the other. Paul says, "If you have been made alive by the Holy Spirit, you'll be raised up just as Christ was." That's eternal life. That's Zoey life. That's the very life of God. But people preach this as if you make a confession with your mouth. You then you believe it and you've received eternal life. That is not what it means to hear and believe. Remember I said before that in the scriptures they didn't have a word for not hear or or disobey or obey because here hear means to obey. He that obeys my word. We're all sitting here hearing it. The whole world could tune into this and hear it. But you've got to accept it, believe it, and act on it. Faith without works is dead. If you believe it, you'll act on it. So it's those that receive his word and act on it. Those are the ones that pass under condemnation. Amen. That's the only proof that you believe what you say you believe is when you act on it. You can't just make a confession on the word. You have to act on the word of God. You have to repent in the and you have to be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins. And you have to press forward to the receiving of the Holy Spirit. That's what the word requires you to do. And then after that, you have to press into adoption. And then after adoption, you have to press into full redemption. The work never stops, church, until we're out of here. But let me close with this thought this morning. We're speaking on uh no room for fear. And what is it most of us fear the most? I'm talking about humanity. Now, what do most people fear the most? Death. What happens when it's all said and done? What happens when we pass from this mortal coil? They they fear not going to heaven. They fear going to hell. They fear being stuck with their life decisions. Paul says the Holy Spirit is a witness to you that you are a child of God. So that means you got to look who you are born of to settle that fear. Are you born of mommy and daddy? Not if you're a believer. If you're a believer, you're born of God. That's your rest. That's your certainty. Amen. And when you're born of God, church, that puts you into a very elite group, a very privileged group. And it's not based on the color of your skin, not based on your country of origin, not based on your education. Has nothing to do with it. You can't earn it, can't deserve it, but you can be born into it. Okay? Listen to what God says about those that are born of him. He says, "He that committh sin is of the devil. For the devil sinnth from the beginning. Okay, origin is destiny. He says, "For this purpose the son of God was manifested that he might destroy the works of the devil." Now listen to this church. Whosoever is born of God, what's the Holy Spirit a witness of? That you are a child of God. Whosoever is born of God commits sin. That's not what it says. Whosoever is born of God does not commit sin, for his seed remainth in him, and he cannot sin because he is born of God. We've got three absolute statements there that create a perfect picture for us. They all stand alone. They all have a principle tied to them, but they form this beautiful picture. Amen. This is the Genesis seed principle right here. This is the man reaps what he sws principle right here. This is why God can't be mocked because he's proven it by his word that what you put in is what you get out. And he's saying you got to remember who you are so you can know what's coming out the other end. Okay. First thing he says, whosoever is born of God does not commit sin. Now remember what is sin? Sin is unbelief. We showed that in the last few services. Amen. The works of sin is smoking, drinking, fornicating, cheating, lying, all these different things. That's the works of sin. That's proof that you don't believe the word. But sin itself is unbelief. And so Paul is saying here or sorry, John is saying here, if you're born of God, if you are a child of God, you cannot disbelieve. You have to believe. The very identification of a child of God is that you are born to believe. You are created to believe. There's something inside of you that can only do one thing, and that's believe. The word of God. Amen. Your flesh might fight you on this and sometimes the flesh might win. But there's something on the inside that has one purpose and that is to believe the word of God. Amen. Amen. You got to feed that. You got to feed that. But in on the inside of the inside, if you're a child of God, there's something that's born to believe. Amen. So if you cannot sin, if you if the attribute of sin is unbelief and it's not found in your soul, the eternal part, then how can you be condemned? If the sole portion of your life is perfect, then how can you be judged? That's why Paul said in Romans 8:1, "There is therefore now no condemnation to them that are in Christ who walk not after the flesh, but after the spirit." How can you fear death when there's no sin to be found in you? The soul is what he's coming for. The soul is what goes to hell or heaven. And if the soul has no unbelief in it, it has no sin in it, it cannot go to hell. It cannot die. It cannot do it. Amen. It cannot be found because Christ erased every portion of sin attached to that soul and now all God can see is the seed that he planted from the very beginning. Amen. Abraham says it this way. He says, "Now the scriptures are our absolute. It's infallible proof of what we are speaking of. First John 3:9, a man that's born of God cannot sin. It's impossible for him to sin." Who is a sin offering? It's Jesus Christ. Who died for us? Christ. What did he die for? Our sins. He took my punishment. Is that right? And then how do I get into him? By one spirit. We're all baptized into one body. And when in this body, we're covered by the blood and free from the judgment. He says he cannot sin because there's a blood sacrifice laying for him day and night. Hallelujah. He can't sin. He has no desire of sin. And then he says these words, if he does do something wrong, he doesn't mean to do it. Church, you talk about a get out of jail free card. He says, "For by one spirit we are all baptized into one body and are free from sin and we cannot sin." There's an atonement waiting for me. But he says this, "If there's still desire in your heart to sin, you have never been baptized into that body because you're dead and your life is hid in Christ through God and sealed by the Holy Ghost." He says, "Christians don't sin. They make mistakes, but they don't sin. He says, "Amen." That's the reason they don't, for he cannot sin. Does that teach you the balance between sin and mistakes? Sin is a soul condition. Mistakes are a flesh condition. Okay? We make mistakes, but on the inside of the inside, we still believe God. What happened is we lost a battle. We made a mistake. We got fooled. We got trapped. Whatever we want to say about that. Amen. But our security is that on the inside there's still a desire to serve God, to believe him at his word. Amen. Think about that for a second. Those of you that are here that were not raised in this message, how did you get here? How did you of all people get here? And why are you here? And why is nobody else here? Because there's something on the inside of you that is built to receive the word. And all your life was just there to get you to a place to give your soul an opportunity to see who you are. How? By the word of God. Amen. Why? In the very beginning, God placed a seed inside of you to receive the word. And that seed was sitting there waiting for the word to come. And as soon as the word came, what happened? Life sprang forth from that light of the word. And all of a sudden, a new creation was born. The only way you could come was there was something in you to receive, to believe, to accept the word. You didn't know it was there, but the minute you came into light, it came forth and you said, "I am a child of God. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. I'm not a Catholic. I'm not a drinker." You didn't deserve it. You didn't do something to make it happen. It was something that was laying there and it was just looking for an opportunity to believe. That's why we're called believers. We believe and we're a believer before we ever do it because there's something inside of us that is built to believe. That's why we can be here this morning and accept this word. There's something in us that we didn't put there that causes us to take hold of the word of God. Principle one. Principle two, he says, "For his seed remainth in him." Now, this is a a beautiful truth and it ties us back to the truth of predestination because predestination is really the first of the seed principles. Because before God ever planted seeds in the earth, he planted seeds by his word. And those seeds included you and I. Amen. Remember, predestination is not God picking you and turning me down. It's not God looking forward and seeing what we would do and then saying, "Well, that one's going to be my child." But predestination is God thinking of you beforehand, putting his own attributes and details into you, and then speaking that word and you coming forth out of that word. That's what predestination is. Okay? It is the seed of God in your life. That's what predestination is. All that the father have given me will come to me. I can't lose any. Why? There's a seed of God there. You can't change it. You can't change it. You can't lose what it is. It is what it is. It always will be that thing. And John's showing us that that there's a portion of God within every single child of God. And it's always been there. And just like Jesus said, we come from God and we go back to God. Origin is destiny. That's what he's trying to show us here. He's saying, "No matter what you do, no matter what you've done, no matter what happens, the seed of God does not leave you. You can't change who you are on the inside or the inside. If God's seed remains in you, that means that you are acceptable no matter what because you come from him." Scripture says though um he says uh though though we though we deny him he says he cannot he remains faithful he cannot deny himself. Amen. How can you be anything less than perfect if the seed of God is inside of you? If you come from perfection, if you come from holiness, if you come from righteousness, if you come from eternity, how can you be anything less than that? What did we say earlier? Whatsoever a man sws that shall he also reap. Church, let me take it a little higher. Whatsoever God sws, that shall he also reap. Hallelujah. That's where you're sitting at this morning. God has sold you from his thoughts, from his word, from his ideas before the foundation of the world. And when you were brought into this very life, you were brought in with the segene of God inside of you. And what is God doing? He's reaping what he sowed. God binds himself to his own word. He says, "God won't be mocked by what you do, but I'm living my own life because of what he swed because of what he planted." And it was a word seed inside of us, church. He planted perfection. He's going to get perfection. He planted eternal life, he's going to get eternal life. He planted holiness, he's going to get holiness. He planted healing, he's going to get healing. He planted deliverance, he's going to get deliverance. Every attribute of God is baked into the seed of God that's inside of you. It's not your life, it's his life. It's not your perfection, it's his perfection. It's the C gene of God inside of us. Amen. It's the word inside of you. And you say, "Brother John, I don't look anything like what this Bible says right now." What did Paul say? He says, "It does not yet appear what we shall be." Listen, some of us are in the stock. We're just the the the little slip of the stock that's coming out. Some of us are the husk. Doesn't look like wheat yet. Some of us are almost to the opening of it and some of us are fully open. Listen, you can be at many different stages of your Christian walk. It doesn't yet appear what you shall be. But Paul says when we know that when we see him, we shall be like him. Period. God's going to finish the work. Why? Because a seed always produces what's in it. It's got to come to life. And when it comes to life, he doesn't start a work to stop a work. So, he's going to take you through. And in the end, you will be as he saw you. You will be as he made you to be. You will be everything that he placed inside you by the word of God. You can't get away from it. Don't worry about how you look. Worry if you're not changing. Let's keep moving. Let's keep crying. Let's keep drinking. Let's keep eating the word of God to produce himself inside of us. Listen to this. He says, "But we know that human beings can make mistakes, but God can make no mistake." Church, you're not a mistake this morning. You say, "I feel weak. I feel weird. I feel left out. I feel like I don't have the victory." Doesn't matter. God doesn't make mistakes. You're not a mistake this morning. Doesn't matter how you feel. Doesn't matter your perception of yourself. But the spirit of God is here to change your perception. Not just your perception, but your reality. Amen. If you can change your perception, reality will follow behind it. God's trying to get your mind. You're the eternal part of me in life in time. You're not a mistake. We disappoint ourselves so many times, don't we? God doesn't make mistakes, church. The scripture says in Hebrews, "Out of weakness, they were made strong." That gives me hope this morning. Out of weakness we're made strong. Listen, it's not how we start, it's how we finish. cuz we all started born in sin, shaped iniquity, come to the world, speaking lies. But there's a people that are going to take that word all the way into a rapture that changes their body. That's what I'm holding on to this morning. Amen. God doesn't plant mistakes. God doesn't sew mistakes. God plants perfection. And he's going to get it out of every one of us. Amen. Third principle, he says, "And he cannot sin because he is born of God." What you come out of is what you are. Is there any sin in God? No. Can't be any sin in you because you're a part of him. Where's your security, church? He made me, called me, chose me, birthed me. He'll take me through. You can't sin. I'm not encouraging you to test that. But you can't disbelieve. You'll try to disbelieve. Listen, church. Look at I'll speak of my own new birth experience. I believed while trying not to give in for seven years from the age of 10 to the age of 17 until I gave my heart to Christ. I believed even though I didn't want to believe. Brother Gerald would always talk. He said, "I never knew what was going on, brother Jonathan." Because he would stare at me and he'd barely blink and he'd never move, but I couldn't tell if it was having an effect on him. Well, what was happening on the inside was an effect. And inside I believed every word he said, but I wouldn't give into it. But I couldn't disbelieve it. Couldn't disbelieve it. Praise the Lord. I couldn't disbelieve it. And sometimes we try to suppress it. And we suppress it with rock and roll. And we suppress it with with pornography. And we suppress it with relationships and rebellion and all these different things that young men like to do. But in the end, God doesn't make mistakes. What he has sowed is what he's going to reap. And I had to come through no matter what. Praise the Lord. That's why I'm here this morning. That's why you have a pastor this morning is because God doesn't make mistakes. He doesn't mistake in the planting. Come on. Doesn't make mistakes in the planting. Doesn't make mistakes in the watering. And he won't make a mistake in the harvest time either. Hallelujah. That's why we're here this morning. God doesn't make mistakes. He says you don't sin because the seed of God remains in you. You're born of God. You can't sin. God can't attribute something that comes from him as sinful. That would be a failure on his part. Amen. Not on our part. We got a reason to shout this morning, church. We got a reason to shout. You can't lose, Sister Justine. You can't lose. You've already won. You've already won. Hallelujah. You're already there. You've already made it in the eternal God's eyes. Amen. The same one that defeated Satan and walks around with the keys of death, hell, and the grave on his hip is living in you today. When Satan comes to talk to you, how about you say, "Lord Jesus, can you just rattle the keys to his house a little bit to remind him that he doesn't even own his own domain. We got to realize, church, greater is he that's in me than he that's in the world." Hallelujah. He says, God has already glorified his church. He's now speaking further in Romans 8. We'll get to it in another service. We're closing now. He says, "But those who he has justified, he also glorified in the church in Christ. And if you're justified in Christ, you're glorified in Christ already as far as God is concerned." Church, that's the only one I care about. What does God say about it? He says, "There Jesus said, be ye therefore perfect even as your father in heaven is perfect." How could you ever be perfect? Anybody here want to raise their hand and say, "I'm perfect." Brother Paul has a revelation. He says, "But in the sight of Christ tonight, every bornagain Christian is perfect." I'm preaching perfection this morning. I'm I'm preaching there's no room for fear. Perfect people don't have fear. He says, "I'm just as perfect in God as Christ was, and you are too. Every other believer, for it's not my holiness, it's his holiness. God can't accept mine. I have none. But I come in Christ by faith and by Christ I'm in him and perfect in the sight of God. He says, "Look, by one spirit, we're all baptized into one body and become members of this body." In Romans 8:1, there's therefore now no condemnation to them that are in Christ Jesus that walk not after the flesh, but the spirit. And a man that's in Christ Jesus walks after spiritual things. To the world, it's carnal mind, it's foolishness, but to them that believe it's everlasting life. There you are. He says, "Oh, how marvelous." Then what can harm you? You're in Christ. And just as sure as God raised Jesus from the dead will come in Christ. Amen. Yes, we've got to. God's promised it. For as sure as that body goes up, I'm in that body and I have to go with it. Hallelujah. Amen. God bless you. Let's stand this morning. You can't undo this, church. You can't stop it. You can't keep it from happening. Our little foibless, our little failures, our big ones, our natural DNA, our mommy, our daddy, our church, none of it can stop it. Nothing can stop it. Amen. It's a seed principle. What God has sowed, he's got to reap. You can't push the spirit of God away. If you're a child of God, it will stay there until you come. It'll woo you. And you may push it. You may try and sil silence it. You may try and suppress it, but that still small voice will stay there until you answer to it. Why? Because that seed has to come to life. Amen. You can't unbreak who you are. You can't break it. You can't make yourself a child of hell out of a child of God. You can't do it. You can't You can't take your eternal salvation and throw it away. You can't do it. You can reap what you sow, but you can't break the seed principle. Amen. What do we cry about? If I was to give you one thing this morning, you could have anything you want. What would it be? What's our heart's desire? What are we crying out for? Paul said, "There's a spirit of God inside of us that cries, "Father, Father." It's calling out for a reason, church. What do we want this morning? If I could give you anything you wanted, $10 million, latest car, biggest house, fantastic career, perfect body, perfect health. What would it be, church? What we've got is so much further than that. Those things are temporal. They only last a little while. But we've got something reserved for us in heaven. Undefiled, incorruptible, eternal. But we've got something inside of us to take us through to that. I'll tell you this. There's there's one thing that every believer ought to have a cry for. More of God. If you've received the Holy Spirit, more of it. Less of me, more of him. Amen. That ought to be the cry of our hearts. He'll add whatever else he needs to after that. But if we seek him first, if that cry is there for him, church, that's the thing that we're looking for. That desire in our heart for more of him. Amen. Can we sing that just play softly? More of you, more of you. As we go to prayer. Amen. Let's bow our heads each one. Amen. He's calling us higher. He's saying, "Reach out to me, child. Cry out. Sick and tired of being sick and tired. Tired of being trampled down. Tired of fighting. Young people, you tired of fighting. Pushing back, God, refusing to give in. You'll be miserable until you give in. Been there, done that. But you cry out to him. You say, "Father, I'm coming home. Lord, I'm coming back to you. Lord, I've got my priorities straightened. I need to come back to you. Look into your life. Look at your desires. Say, "Lord, let me put you at the top of that list." Amen. Heavenly Father, Lord, certainly we need more of you this morning, Lord. But I we know that if we have a soul desire, our heart's cry for that thing, Lord. We know it's there to to be given to us, Lord. Lord, if we've got a desire of the things of God, then there's a thing of God to meet that desire. Heavenly Father, Lord, I preached as hard as I can preach this morning, Lord. But it takes your spirit to quicken, Lord. The word has gone forth, Lord. But I pray you look into our lives, that you'd look into our hearts this morning, heavenly father, Lord, and where we've turned aside from the desire of you and into the desire of something else, Lord. I pray you bring us back, Lord. Put you in prayer eminence in our lives again, Lord. And that's a choice we have, Lord. It's a decision we make every single day. But Lord, I'm raising my hand. I want more of you this morning, Lord Jesus. Lord, I want to draw even further away from these things of the world. Lord, I want your word to have a perfect effect in my life, Lord. Lord, there's a seed that's come to life, Lord. But we want it to produce fruit this morning, Lord, that's fit for service. Lord, we want a life that reflects a living Christ. Lord, not a a man of 2,000 years or a God that's just above us, Lord, but a God in flesh this morning is what we're looking for. So Lord, I pray you speak to your people. Work in our lives, work in our hearts, Lord. Lord, and when we put you in a place of preeminence, Lord, we know we'll receive everything we have need of. Grant us grace, Lord. Help us choose life every day. Lord, we ask it in Jesus name. Amen. More of you. More of you. Yes, I've had it all. But what I need is more of you. Of things I've had my fill, but yet I hunger still. Oh, empty and bare. Lord, hear my prayer for more of you. I need more of [Music] you. More of you. I've had it all. of what I need is more of you. Of things I've had my fill, but yet I hunger still. Oh, empty and bare. Lord, hear my prayer for more of you. More of you. more of you. But what I need is more of you of things I've had my fill. But yet I hunger still. Oh, empty and bare. Lord, hear my prayer for more of you. The haven of rest. 3:30. We're talking about casting out every fear, no room for fear. I love this song cuz once you've been saved, you know what it is to be lost. But boy, you know that sweet sense of relief, that rest, that assurance that just comes with knowing you're secure. Amen. I believe this is a testimony of every believer that when we make him our choice, we enter a place of rest. Amen. Let's just sing this together. My soul in sad exile was out on life. See, so burdened with sin and distress. Oh, till I heard a sweet voice say, "Make me your choice." The haven of rest. Oh, I my soul in the haven of rest. I'll sail. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Praise your name, Lord. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Though the tempest may sweep for the wild stormy deep but in Jesus I'm safe ever more. I yielded myself to his tender and grace and faith taking hold of Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Yes. Praise your name. My feathers fell off. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Yes. And I anchor my soul. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. Yes. It is my Lord. For I've anchored my soul in the haven of rest. Oh, I'll sail the wild seas no more. [Music] The tempest may sweep while sore deep. But in Jesus I am safe ever more. The song of my soul since the Lord made me whole has been the old story so blessed of Jesus who saved who Whoever will have a hope in the haven of [Laughter] rest, for [Music] I soul in the haven of rest. I'll sail the wild seas no more. The tempest may sweet or the wild stormy deep. But in Jesus I am safe for ever more. Lord, how preious the thought that we all may recline like John the beloved and bless Jesus Strong arm where no tempest can harm secure in the hate. Let's sing the fifth verse. Let's sing the fifth verse. Fifth verse. So come to the Savior. He patiently waits. to save me by his power divine. Come anchor your soul in the haven of rest and say my beloved is mine. Oh, I've anchor anor my soul in the haven of rest. I'll sail the white seas no more. Oh, the tempest may sweep or the wild stormy deep. But in Jesus I am safe ever more. He's my Lord. 597. Peace my [Music] Lord. There is no other one who can calm the storms of life like my Lord. He gives rest to the weary, gives new life to the hopeless. There's no doubt about it. He's my Lord. Oh, he's my [Music] Lord. There is no other one. Who can calm the storms of life like my Lord? [Music] He gives rest to the weary, gives new life to the hopeless. There's no doubt about it. He's my Lord. Amen. Before we close, we're going to sing that song, We Cry Out, 1193. Amen. Brother Chad, I'm going to ask you to come and close in prayer at the end of this if you would. Amen. Remember those that are traveling. Remember Brother Gourd Snow in the hospital. Amen. Remember me at my doctor's visit this week and each one. Amen. It's good to see Sister Kimberly back in church. Amen. God bless you. I know she's on the road to recovery. We're trusting that God will do a perfect work in her body. Amen. Amen. remember brother Grant as he would minister on Wednesday. Amen. That the Lord would just anoint him with a powerful message for the church. Amen. God bless you. Let's sing this before brother Chad comes. Father of life, seated on your throne of grace. It's only by your mercy we are saved. Lord, you have said if we call upon your name, we and our families will be saved. So we [Music] cry out your name. El [Music] Shai, God of grace, Lord most high Jesus [Music] Christ. For we rely on your grace and I crowned in praise, Lord most high. Jesus Christ, father of love, never failing to forgive. Each moment is a gift from you to live. [Music] And we're only here to tell the world about your grace until the day you take us all away. So we [Music] cry out your name, El Shai, God of grace. [Music] Lord most high Jesus Christ and we rely on your grace and night crown in praise for most [Music] high Jesus Christ and father of love, never failing to forgive. Each moment is a gift from you to live. Oh, we're only here to tell the world about your grace until the day you take us all away. So we cry out your name, El Shai, God of grace, Lord most high Jesus Christ. Oh, we [Music] rely on your [Music] grace [Music] and crowned in praise. Lord most high Jesus. Thank you Lord Jesus. How should I God of grace? Where would we be without your grace Lord? Thank you Lord to tell the world of your grace is is almost an understatement Lord because to truly understand that grace in our lives Lord I just want to thank you. Yes, Lord. Through ups and downs and ins and outs, Lord, you place something there to keep keep your people hanging on. Yes. Thank you, Lord. One of the greatest things I've ever heard, Lord, has been Abraham called a friend of God. Lord, we we want that fellowship, Lord, that connection. We don't just want you to be Lord, but we want you to be my Lord. We want that personal relationship, Lord. And the world seems to pull us away and cause issues and everything else, Lord. And you're always there patiently waiting. Thank you, Lord. I pray, Father God, I pray that you touch your people this morning, Lord, I pray, Father, anybody struggling, Lord, I pray you move in a special way, Lord, become Lord, become Lord of my life, Lord, my thoughts and actions and talks and anything, Lord, I pray in the name of Jesus Christ, touch your people once again, Lord. Yes. Father, we pray that you be with Brother John. Lord, restore any virtue that has left, Lord. Continue to inspire him, help him, Lord, and just touch him in a special way, Lord, to know that he's doing a good work, Lord. Thank you in Jesus Christ's holy name. Amen. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music]
