################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-19 - 20251019 - The Token Life Pt 90 - The Mystery, Finished Pt 10 - Bro Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-10-19
Title:    20251019 - The Token Life Pt 90 - The Mystery, Finished Pt 10 - Bro Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 42m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hJvFa3PXa8g
========================================

Description:
Scriptures & Quotes: https://drive.google.com/file/d/12NXqFu2mLZx3s9Hs5ugGoR3XQVE9Tlr8/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] away. Hey everybody. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey, hey, [Music] Let's stand. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away, man. I give myself away so you can use me. Here I am. Here I stand. hand. Lord, my life is in your hands, Lord. I'm longing to see your Jesus revealed in me. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away so you can use me. Give myself away. [Music] I give myself away so you can use me. Take my heart. Take my life as a livinging sacriice and all my dreams, all my plans, Lord. I place them in your hands. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. Here I am. Here I stand, Lord. My life is in your hands, Lord. I'm longing to see your desires revealed in me. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. [Music] Give myself away. Oh, you can use me. Take take my life as a living sacriice. All my dreams, all my plans, Lord, I place them in your hands. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. Take my heart. Take my life as a living sacriice and all my dreams. All my plans, Lord, I place them in your hands. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. [Music] [Applause] I give myself away so you can use me. Amen. Help us. Just want to welcome everybody here this morning. Good to be in the house of God. But Bobby Wartz passed away Thursday. So it was uh it was a fast and uh but God rest his soul and grace to the family. Want to pray for brother John's father, Lanny Carlet. He's still waiting for surgery and so we just want to pray grace to him that he'd get the surgery he needs and just pray for his soul this morning. Um Wesley is not feeling well. He had a high fever last night. So just pray that he'd make a full recovery and uh brother Chad, sister Leah, Jeremiah, Joshua are sick. So grace to them. Uh continue to pray for brother Adam and Sister Sarah Graham. Thankful to hear that that good report about the surgery. uh sister Cassandra and and I think two of the kids, one of the kids are sick, so it's going around. Just pray grace to them. And sister Nadine also is uh was interviewed, I believe, for a a potential new job. She's excited about the opportunity. And so we just prayed for God's will there that that she'd get it. Um, continue to pray for Samuel Snow and the family, for Sister Violet, Brother Dale, Sister Lorie Snow, for Sher Lynn Piery. Pray for Biscuit. Trust he's doing better. Uh, saints around the island, people traveling, also Brother David, he had mentioned, Sister Cordella, Brother Nelson Jr. Let's just sing that uh that first verse again and uh I'll ask uh Bob if you can open in prayer. [Music] Here I am. Here I stand. Lord, my life is in your hands. Lord, I'm longing to see your Jesus reveal in me. I give myself away. [Music] I gave myself away so you can use me. Give myself away. [Applause] Give myself away so you can use me. [Music] Our heavenly father once again we bow Lord to thank you for the opportunity to come into your house Lord that we might come aside from the things of the world Lord and Father by grace come to a place Lord that makes perfect sense Lord to be in your presence Father to hear your word Lord and to rejoice therein Lord as David said Father he rejoiced at your word as one who had found great spoil. And Father, that's the desire of our hearts, Lord, that we might just continue to rejoice in your word, Lord, and treat it as the greatest treasure, Lord, one could give. And Father, we just uh pray you'd forgive us of our sins, our mistakes, Lord, and all that we've done wrong, we please, under the blood of Jesus Christ. And ask, Lord, that you help us, Lord, to surrender, Father, to your will. As we just sang, Lord, we want to give ourselves away for the life of your children, Father, is one of surrender, Lord, to you. And Father, we don't want to surrender to the world, but Father, to surrender to your leadership and to your will, Father, in everything that we say and do that we might be a testimony of your grace and your presence, Lord. So bless us, we pray, Father, those needs that were mentioned this morning, Lord, there's much sickness, Father. There were many needs, Lord, and her sister with the job interview, Lord, and Father, the family, Lord, that lost a loved one, Father. We're just praying, Lord, your grace to be with each and every one as we lift up those that mourn. Father, those that are sick, Father, we know there's many needs in the body of Christ. But, Father, Lord, you're greater than all those needs. Your promises are yay and amen to all who will believe. So, Father, bless each one, Lord. Lift up the sick, Father, we pray. And Lord, let the promise of divine healing Lord be made manifest in each and every one. So be with us today Lord in the service. We ask your presence to be here from the pulpit to the door that brother John would come Lord under the anointing father and the of the sanctuary Lord where Lord each one is worshiping you Lord and Father by grace lift us up we pray in heavenly places. So bless brother John we pray. We bless the song leaders, Lord, and and Lord, the musicians, Father, as they do their part, Lord, to create the atmosphere that you'd be pleased to dwell in. So be with us, we pray, Lord, as we commit the service into your hands in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. [Music] Keep Brother Bob in prayer. His voice has been uh troubling them. We need him to have a good voice. So for the song leading Let's sing uh number 757. He has made me glad. [Music] I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. Thank you, Lord. [Applause] I will rejoice for He has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for He has made me glad. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. Oh, I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. And he has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Sing number 1022 paid in full. The choir is going to come after this song. [Music] Justice called for a pay meant for seed. No unworthy could be found among men. But the precious son of God with a cross and a thorny crown paid a dare with the blood of the lamb. And thank you, Lord, for paid full by the blood of the lamb. Free from sin, ready to live. Now I am. And it reads on the page where my sins were written down, paid in full by the blood of the lamb. Oh, how great was the debt that I owe. Bound to pay for the sins I had sown. But in Jesus my Lord, a great treasure I have found. I'm redeemed. Glory. Thank you, Lord. obeyed and ro by the blood of the lamb. I'm free from sin. Gratefully now I am. And it reads on the page where my sins were written down. Paid in full by the blood of the lamb. Oh justice call for a pay man foreseen. No unworthy could be found among men but the precious son of God with a cross and a thorny crown. Paid a dead with the blood of the lamb. I thank you Lord. Paid and full by the blood of the lamb. I'm free from sin. Freed to live. Now I am. And it reads on the page where my sins were written down, paid in full by the blood of the lamb. Oh, how great was the debt that I owed bound to pay for the seeds I have sown. But in Jesus my Lord, a great treasure I have found. I'm redeemed. Glory. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, made it full by the blood of the lamb. I pray from sin free live now I am and it reads on the page. Glory. Thank you Lord. Oh paid for by the blood of the lamb. It's paid in full by the blood of the lamb. Free from sin. Free to live. Now I am. And it reads on the page where my sins were written down. Paid in full by the blood of the lamb. One more time. Oh, paid in full by the blood of the lamb. Free from sin. Great a lamb now I am. [Applause] And it reads on the page where my sins were written down, paid in full by the blood of the lamb. Glory. [Music] Satan showed me the shiny things. Let me look the other way. When the rages of this world try and hunt me down, draw me closer to you day by day. When I'm faced with something I don't understand, hold me fast to your unchanging hand. I don't want to get caught up in anything, Lord, but you [Music] make me desperate lest I should perish. I'll lead you beyond your word of night and day. Don't let complacencing and end. Help me hunger and thirst for you. in despis Lord as I run this race. Discern my heart when I yield to pray. I desire to do your perfect will. No impersonation. I want to be real. I'm expecting a Lord and it won't be long. I must give birth to this promised son. Help me be ready, Lord, for the time is soon to come. [Music] Lord make me desperate lest I should perish. [Music] Help me to pray beyond your word and pray. Don't let complacence cease at for the day is nearing and end. Now we hunger and thirst for you in desperation. Lord make me desperate lest I should perish. Help me to pray on your word both night and day. All that complete set in for the day is nearing and end. Help me hunger and thirst for you in desperation. or make me desperate lest I shall perish. Help me to pray on the web of light and don't let comp for the day is nearing ahead. [Music] Help me hunger and thirst for you. in desperation. [Music] We hunger and thirst for you in desperation. [Music] I'll sing that when I don't have a number. Let your word be born of my heart. [Music] It was a tiny simple stable all be and worn. Let's stand. Huntly a place for a king to be born. He didn't choose something special to reveal his majesty. I know if I give him control, he'll be born in me. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let it live in me. Let it start. [Laughter] Live inside this house of clay and mold it every day. Let your word be born in the manger of my life. Outwardly I'm nothing. Not much to behold. unlikely a place for his word to unfold. But if I just yield this vessel, just let him have his way from glory unto glory. You change me day by day. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Oh, let it live in me. Let it live inside his house of clean and mold it every day. that your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let it live in me. Let it start. Live inside this house of clay. Got it. Lord have it every day. or let your word be born in the manger of my heart. I will leave. I'm nothing, not much to behold. unlikely a place for his word to unfold. But if I just heal this vessel, just let him have his way from glory to glory. I thank you, Lord. You change me day by day. God bless you. &gt;&gt; Your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let it live in me. Let it start. Live inside this house of clay and mold it every day. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Well, outwardly I'm nothing, not much to behold. unlikely a place for his word to unfold. But if I just yield this vessel and let him have his way from glory unto glory. He'll change me day by day. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let it live in me. Let it start. Live inside this house of clay and mold it every day. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Amen. Lord Jesus. Lord, that's our prayer, Lord. But it comes in recognizing one thing, Lord. It's got to be you and us that's doing it, Lord. We've got to be yielded vessels to the master's hand. Lord, filled by your spirit, motivated by your spirit, Lord, letting your word flow through us, Lord, that we could be your hands and feet, Lord, that we could be Christ to this world. Lord, I pray you help us to recognize every day it's not us that's doing it. It's Christ in us, Lord. It's your strength. It's your leadership. It's your provision. It's your gifts. Lord, it's your strength. Lord, it's your patience, your love, your peace, your rest, your joy that holds us day by day. Lord, I pray you help us to keep our eyes on you, Lord. Pray you help keep us, Lord, in the shelter of your wings, Lord, that we would know, Lord, where our strength and our help comes from, Lord. It comes from our Lord who made heaven and earth. Amen, Lord. So, we're trusting you again this morning, Lord. Draw us closer to you, Lord. Set our hearts on you, set our eyes on you, set our faith on you, Lord. Let us ignore all else Lord, but give you everything we have. Not just this morning, Lord, in this building, but Lord, when we walk out, may we give you everything there as well. We pray, Lord, touch your people, those that aren't here, Lord. Remember the Collins family, Lord, not feeling well this morning. Praying your grace to them. Lord, Sister Kimberly, I believe, is home as well with Wesley. Lord, praying your grace and strength, Lord, that you would touch him as well. Lord, bless us each one now. We pray in Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. Amen. Turn if you would to Romans chapter 8. this morning. Good to see each one that was able to make it. Good to see Nadine with us again this morning. God bless you. Amen. It's always good to see her. Amen. Enjoyed the special this morning. It was I I'm guessing it was meant for the special meetings, but uh that's okay. We can have a special meeting here this morning. Amen. So, sure enjoyed that. Make me desperate. Amen. Keep us desperate for that. You know, we can get caught up in so many things and get frustrated and flustered and and drawing after this and seeking after that. But boy, if we can just seek after God, that puts everything into perspective and it just keeps us anchored in the middle of the road where we ought to be. Amen. Romans chapter 8:14, very familiar scripture says, "For as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God. For ye have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear, but ye have received the spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, Abba, Father. The spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit that we are the children of God. Church, if you got the Holy Ghost, it'll point you to your position. It'll point you to your relationship to God. It'll point to you that you're a child of God. If you're having negative thoughts, if you're having negative feelings, if you're wondering and worrying, that ain't the Holy Ghost. Amen. It'll point you back to your relationship to God. He says, "And if we are children, then we are hes of God and joint hes with Christ. If so be that we suffer with him that we may also be glorified together." Church, this is what the Holy Spirit's supposed to be teaching us. That's what he's supposed to be reminding us to today. Who we are, what God has for us, what God intends for us. Why? Because when things come our way and it seems like it's evil, it seems like it's hard, it seems like it's not the thing that we would choose, we can say, "Hey, I'm a child of God. I'm a joint air." He's preparing me for something beyond what I've got here today. And what he has for me is far more important than what I'm worried about here in this world today. Why? He says, "So if so be that we suffer with him, that we may also may be also glorified together. For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us. For the earnest expectation of the creature of creation waiteth for the manifestation of the sons of God. Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats this morning. We're still preaching on the Holy Ghost this morning. We're still preaching on the mystery finished. And we've been preaching on Christ having the preeminence in our life. And I believe this will sort of be the end of that. We've got just a little bit more to go in this before we finish it. But we spoke last service about how Christ having the preeminence is not lip service. Amen. It's not just saying the right things or repeating what the preacher says. Amen. We need to say the right thing, but it needs to come from the heart. Amen. It needs to be something that's on the inside of the inside. And we spoke last service on two very different people. And we started with the rich young ruler that came to Jesus and he came with haste and he had a real desire. And it seemed like he was desperate. And he came and he said, "Good master, what must I do to have eternal life?" And he gave Jesus his due. He gave him his recognition. He acknowledged his position. And he said, "Hey, how how do I get eternal life?" And he's saying all the right things. He's saying all the right things. Amen. But when the word got personal to him and it required a sacrifice, he said, "I'm sorry. I'm not interested." Jesus said, "What?" He says, "Take your your earthly treasure and give it to the poor and I'll give you treasures in heaven." And then he said, "Take up your cross and follow me." And know what he did, church? He said, "I'm sorry. I'm not interested." Why? because in his heart he didn't believe who Jesus was and therefore he couldn't believe Jesus' words and so he walked away and the scripture says he was grieved he went away with a storm cloud over him because he didn't get the answer he was looking for and he went away upset but then we preached on the widow of Zerapath in the days of Elijah she was a gentile woman and remember she was a single mother a widow she had her husband had died she had this young boy and she only had a little bit of flour and a little bit of oil left to make one little cake or one little loaf of bread and she'd been praying and praying and praying for God to send her an answer and know so the prophet Elijah being directed by the spirit of God comes to her and he says to her feed me your food church he's the answer to her prayer and he says feed me first make your cake but give it to me first and if you'll do that then the barrel of flour will not run run out and the the crews of oil will not run dry until the drought's over. But he says, "You've got to give me first place." Church, he wasn't doing that of his own accord. The spirit of God said, "Bring the answer to the widow woman, but she's got to give me the preeminence before I can answer her prayer." And what did she do, church? She obeyed the word of the prophet that came to her. She believed it was thus sayeth the Lord. Amen. And when she did that, she gave it to him and she went in and all of a sudden there was more flour and there was more oil and she made for herself and her son. And it says, "And many days afterwards they did eat." And the prophet stayed with her. He met her need, she met his need, and God was in their midst. And she survived all the way to the end of the drought just according to the word of the Lord. Not only that, church, but you'll see if you keep reading in First Kings 17, her son dies of sickness. The prophet's in the house. He's come and he saved her life. He's gave her the answer to her prayer. And then her son dies. And she says, "How how can this be? I fed you. I obeyed the word of God. And now God kills my son." And what does the prophet do? He goes in. He says, "Lord, what's this all about? Lord, why have you done this?" And what happened is God raised that boy up from the dead. See, her decision up front, that one decision, church, kept life in her home, when the next circumstance came along. God wasn't just preparing to feed her day by day. He was preparing to save her son from something that was coming down the road that she couldn't even see of. God had prepared an answer to a prayer she hadn't even prayed yet. That's the way God works, church. When we obey him, when we give him the preeminence, he prepares us for everything that's coming our way. He's got an answer for it. Amen. But notice, she had to believe and obey. To believe is to obey. That's the only way. They go hand in hand. They're one in the same thing. You cannot say I believe the word and then not obey the word. Amen. In the scriptures, in the Old Testament, I've said this before, they don't have that word obey. They just have believe and accept because that would it's inferred that if you do that, then you'll obey the word of God. Amen. You can't say I believe the word and then disobey it. That would be impossible. Listen to this. He says, "Now to be born of the flesh and have the wisdom of the world, the wisdom will obey its fleshly teacher." He says, "But to be born of the spirit is to believe and obey the teaching of the Bible by the Holy Ghost." He says, "And a man that's born of the spirit will obey God's word regardless of what any tradition tells him." I want to highlight that second portion. He says, "To believe and obey the teaching of the Bible by the Holy Ghost." Because there are plenty of people that are reading this Bible and they're obeying it, but they're obeying it by their own understanding, by their own filter, by the traditions of the day, by the social gospel that we have today. And they come out with their own understanding, and they do it in a way that makes sense to them, but it doesn't go according to the way that God intended Jesus. And it's not just people out there. It's it's people that are very sincere. You look at the priesthood, the religious leaders of the day, and when Jesus was there, and he rebuked them because they took it and they changed it into something that God never intended. Amen. I was thinking yesterday morning, I was just praying and dwelling on some things. And you know what? I came to I said, "Lord, it's only by your grace I can stand behind that pulpit and preach the truth of the gospel by your understanding and not mine." Because there's a church. I'm not up here preaching because I'm the world's most educated, the world's most studied, the world's most dedicated. I'm preaching because he's called me. But that doesn't make me effective. Amen. Church, I there are men that have studied all their life, given all their life, 50, 60, 70 years of ministry and studying this Bible sincerely, and they study and they study, and they get more and more education, and they pray, and they seek God. And when they come out from all of that, they preach that there is no divine healing. There's no gifts in the church. There's no true leadership of the Holy Spirit. God's not revealing truth still. What happened? They're led away by themselves. What's the difference between me and a man or a woman like that? Only one thing, church. God's grace to give me his spirit to lead me and to guide me. That's the only difference. I'll tell you this, and I've seen it time and time again, you don't have to look far to see this, that if a man stands behind a pulpit without the leadership of the Holy Spirit, it'll go two ways. It'll go towards money, or it'll go towards control. Well, he'll say and do things that force people to tie up to him, or else he'll go to expand it and make it a big money-making machine. That's what happens when men have unrivaled power behind the pulpit. But you see what happens when the Holy Spirit is not leading us to believe and obey. I heard a woman preacher, that's a that's a paradox in itself, but I heard a woman preacher say the other day, she said that the the the great commission is the source of colonialism and white privilege. That's what she got out of reading her Bible church. What nonsense. But what is it? In all her sincerity, that's all she can come up with because she's tied to the traditions of society today, not to the Holy Ghost. And that's what she came out of it. Amen. The difference is the Holy Ghost. Difference is not study. It's not all the time that we put in. It takes God to quicken these things. And what happens? What is that woman worshiping? What are these people worshiping? They're worshiping a God and a gospel of their own making. And it's no different than the golden calf that Israel made in the wilderness. This is the God that delivered us up out of Egypt. It's something of their own hands that they've made. But we want to close out this morning on this idea of Christ having the preeminence. not close on it forever, but just close out on it in a service. Amen. I believe that ought to be our story every day. Does Christ have the preeminence inside of our lives? Amen. But we preach that it is to have the preeminence is to be first, to be in first place, to have the top position. And Paul would say this, we've read it many times. I'll read it for the last time, Lord willing, for a while. He says, "For by him were all things created that are in heaven, that are in earth, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones or dominions or principalities or powers. All things are created by him and for him." It says, "And he is before all things, and by him all things consist." That word before is pro. The word is pro. The the original word there is pro. And we use that. What do we call pros? If we say, "Hey, I met a pro today. I bought a set of skates last night from a pro." real story. What are we talking about? We're talking about a professional. We're talking about an athlete. We're talking about somebody that's the best of the best. We call them pros. But here it says Jesus is pro. He's not just a pro. He is pro. He's before all things. Amen. He's the one that's in front of this. Amen. And then and he is first always. It says, "And he is the head of the body, the church, who is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead, that in how many things? All things he might have the preeminence." Church, that is not a work that he can do. That's the only work that we can do is we have to give ourselves, we have to yield ourselves to him that he would have the preeminence. What we have today is a a society that is built around people wanting their own preeminence. Everybody wants to have a voice. Everybody wants to be heard. Everyone wants to be recognized. Whether it's it's in politics, whether it's online, whether it's in work, whatever it might be. And everybody is about the I, me, and mine. It's the me monster that some of you know about. Amen. It's all about self. Amen. And it's just the nature of the world today that everybody wants to feel important. They want to feel like they have input. They want to feel like they have control, like they have influence. And what have we ended up with? We've ended up with a lot of bickering, a lot of fighting. And what we've got absolutely is polarization. where you're either right or left. You're either liberal or conservative. You're either Republican or Democrat. You're one thing or another and everybody's fit into boxes and everybody fights from within those boxes. Amen. And so it is we see what happens with social media in particular. It's empowered people to say and do whatever they want to do, usually without consequences. And what it has done is it has unleashed a look into the souls of mankind. When you go on social media, what you're seeing there is what people have always wanted to say and do, but never had the courage to do in person because they won't do it in courage and in person. The crazy thing, it's starting to bleed into reality now. And that's why we're seeing the insanity of the world and the things breaking down the way that they are. But Jesus would say this, and he's talking about the inside of a man. He says, "These things, those things which proceed out of the mouth come forth from the heart and they defile the man." Listen, when you're typing on your keyboard, that's still a mouth. Okay. He says, "For out of the heart proceed evil thoughts, murders, adulteries, fornications, thefts, fault whis, false witness, blasphemies. These are the things that defile a man." I'll tell you this, as a deacon, as a pastor, as a minister, the greatest insight I've gotten into a lot of people's life is taking a look at their social media accounts because there is something about being online that takes the filters off. It's like people stop thinking. It's like the Holy Ghost gets set aside. I've had brothers that I respected from a distance and when I saw what they did online, I lost total respect for them because it's like they lost the Holy Ghost whenever they got on there. What a shame. What a rebuke to us. But what is it? It's it's something about it brings out the innermost parts of people. And what I found is that the people that are on there the most are those that are the most poisonous and the least happy and usually the least genuine. Always. Not always, but usually. That's what I found. And I've been able to look into those things and and I'll watch it and sometimes I'll even let my wife in on her. I'll talk to the deacons or the pastors the time was and I'll say, "Hey, this is what I'm seeing. We need to be on the lookout for this." And it's crazy the things that I've been able to see on there because what you find is people that spend more time on there than anywhere else, they're living their lives on there. They've got more of a virtual life than they have a real life. And so they're on there trying to build themselves up into something that they're not. Amen. And I've seen heartbreak. I've seen infidelity. I've seen idolatry. I've seen people leave the church coming weeks, months, even years ahead of when it happened purely based on how people act on social media. It's an insight into what's on the inside of people because it pulls those filters away. You give somebody a platform to speak openly, church, eventually what's inside's going to come out. Absolutely it is. But what we see today is people that'll go online, they'll say anything, do anything, express anything. They'll be shameful, vindictive, they'll be rude, and they would never do those things in person. Absolutely none of them would. But what is it doing, church? It's giving them a way to express that inner voice, those inner thoughts, those inner desires that they've never been able to express in person. They just can't do those things. They've got something inside of them that's wanting to be expressed. And when somebody gives them a channel to express it, they jump into it. They jump into it like a pig to its wallow. Amen. And then what happens is some of them they get a following, they get a ministry, they get some influence and what do they do? They go more and more extreme and they build it into something and it leads to everybody to a road of destruction and it just implodes on itself usually. But church, I'm not here to talk about them. I'm here to talk about a people that have a different voice, that have a new voice, that have a new heart, that have a new spirit, and that's what speaks out of their lives. Amen. That's what the preeminence looks like. Amen. And they'll walk away from those sorts of things. You know, I I I like the way Brother Jason Watkins does it. He's on Facebook, but you know what he does is he posts his messages. He posts things that are edifying. And if people get on there and start to argue, you know what he does? He blocks them from his profile because he's not there to argue. He's not there to fight. He's just out there to present the gospel. And if you don't want it, go away. He's there to edify, not to fight, not to get into it, not to mix it up with people. I respect that. That's something. I'll say this. I've never seen anybody saved on Facebook. But we can be a witness, but make sure it doesn't turn it turn into something where we're just there to mix it up with people. We're not there to start fights, church. We're there to be a witness in all of these things that we do. Amen. And what is it? It's a people that'll live a real life off of social media rather than ones that will present it on on social media. Amen. It's a people that have come under the headship of Christ. And let me tell you, church, when you come under his headship, you lose your voice. You lose your mind. You lose your desires. You lose your influence. You lose all those things that's driving people to get on there and fight and tussle so much. Why? Because you've died out. You've been born again. That's why we don't get on there and do those things. Let me show you what it looks like when you come into a place of real headship. Amen. where you don't need to beat everyone, where you don't need to be the best of everything, where you don't need to get the last word. Anyone ever Anyone else struggle with getting the last word? Amen. Me and Brother Joe. We've got to learn to walk away. Winning the argument doesn't convert anybody. Remember what Paul said. I think it was to Felix. He said, "Paul, thou almost convinces me." You can't argue somebody into the kingdom of God. It takes a new birth to do it. Best way you can do that, show them what a new birth looks like. Amen. This is Revelation 22. This is this is the culmination of a of a a people that have died out and come under headship. This is a the the result of of a bride that has given Christ the preeminence. It says, "And the spirit and the bride say, come, and let him that heareth say, come, and let him that is a thirst come. And whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely. So what is the bride's voice? Come. It's an offer. It's an invitation. It's not a you stupid idiot. How could you believe that? Where do you get that in your Bible? No, it's come. Come and drink of eternal life. Come and drink from a water that will satisfy your thirst. Come and drink what's changed me. Come and drink what's made me come under this headship. come and drink what's changed my life so that Christ could be reflected inside of me. We're looking here and this is at the end of the cycle of time in the scripture. And we see one thing here and it's not new, but it's the culmination of the working of the Holy Spirit. And what is it? It is a bride and a and and a bridegroom that are saying the same thing. Church, in perfect headship, there's no contrariness. They're both saying the same thing. Amen. There's no willfulness from one or the other. Under proper headship, under preeminence, there's only yielding and surrender by the bride to her groom. That's the scriptural precedent. Amen. They're both saying the same thing. That's what the preeminence of Christ looks like in our life when we're saying the same thing he does. Now, don't just make it about speaking the same thing. Because remember, talk is cheap. That's what Israel had was their lips and their mouths were close to him, but their heart was far from them. Amen. We're not talking about speaking voices only. What we're talking about is lived voices. Amen. That's when we see that Christ has the preeminence. Amen. Not just when we're talking it, but when we're a living voice. Let me say it this way. If we are going to speak as the spirit would speak, that means our lives have to reflect what he's been saying to us first. Amen. We've got to have a life that's surrendered to the spirit. We're not just here to talk. We're here to walk the walk. That's what people see. That's what people judge now more than anything is do you live the way that you talk? And if you don't, maybe it's time to be quiet and sit back a bit and say, "Lord, help me to live it before I start talking again." Because people know a hypocrite. People know a hypocrite. Amen. We've met them. We know people. I I've got names in my head right now, unfortunately, of people that will go out and they'll go to their workplace and what do they do? They've got so much zeal. They go out and they start teaching this message and preaching this message. And what do they do? They're hitting people over the face with it. And they're trying to cram it down their throat and they're belittling what they have instead of building on what they have that might be truth. And what happens is people reject it. Why? Because their life doesn't match what they're saying. They're saying, "If that what you're saying makes me act like you, then I don't want it." Remember what Jesus said? He says, "Ye are the salt of the earth." He said, "And if the salt has lost its savor, if it's lost its flavor, if it's lost its ability to make things better," he said, then it's only good to be trotten underfoot. And if our it's our life that is the flavor that draws people when people see our joy, our happiness, our rest, our contentment, our ability to take an offense and walk away and not hold it against a person. That's what draws people to us. It's not just the words that we speak. Amen. It's got to be that that that life of Christ inside of us that they see, not just a a message or a word that we can preach to them. Listen to what he says here. He says, "Now, everyone can't be a preacher, but you've got a voice." He said, "And if you can't preach the people a sermon, if you're a preacher, you're called to the pulpit to preach. If you're not, you're still a preacher, but live the people a sermon. Let your sermon be lived." And it's the voice of God that will bring reproach to them who reject it. That also means it will be what? The voice of salvation to those that will accept it. What is God's voice in you and I? Your life. That's what he's talking about here. You say, "Brother John, do we have a work to do, church? We're the last voice. We're the last message to this age." And it's your life. You can draw somebody to salvation or push them to judgment purely based on the life that you live. He said, "If you're not a preacher, you're still a preacher, but live the people a sermon. Let your sermon be lived. It's the voice of God that'll bring reproach to them who reject it. They say, "No one can put a finger on his or her life." They're sweet and living. If there ever was a man of God, it's that man or that woman. I say, "Lord, help me to have that testimony day by day that people could say, "There's a real Christian." Not just because he talks it, but because he walks it. He says, "See, live your sermons. Don't try to preach them if you're not called to be a preacher. you get all mixed up anyhow and messed up and you'll get people tangled up and you won't know. He says, "Well, you'll ruin them and yourself, too." What did he say elsewhere? He said, "Tell people what God has done for you. Give them your testimony. Tell them what you used to be and let him compare to what you are now. And if they have more questions, say, "Come and see a man. Come to church. Come and hear a sermon. Come talk to a minister. He'll answer your questions for you." He said, "Just live your sermon. The preacher's called to preach his and to live it, too. And if you can't live it, then you stop preaching. But you're supposed to live your sermons. He says, "All right, but here were voices." He's preach preaching out of Revelation chapter 4. He says, "Oh, how we need thousands of lived voices." I have this written in my Bible on the leaf. This is one of the greatest quotes you'll ever read. Lived voices. the thunder of God. You know, most of us have seen that that that movie series, The Chosen, and where you have the Sons of Thunder. You know that scene where they said, "Lord, these people, you know, they've offended us. Shall we call down thunder and lightning out of heaven?" He calls them sons of thunder there. I thought it was a great way to attach that to them, you know, but that's what we think so many times is is the thunder of God is the signs and the wonders and the laying out of hands and the casting out of demons and the deliverance and all these things. But he says, "Your lived voice is the thunder of God." The thunder of God thundering out in what? Power and authority. No, in sweetness and holiness, purity, undefiled lives, walking around in the earth today without a blemish. He says, "Yes, sir, real Christians, that's thunder against the enemy." The devil doesn't care how loud you can holler. The devil doesn't care how much you can jump or how much you can do this or shout. So, what does he care about? What makes the devil anxious, church? Isn't that his job is to torment us and make us anxious? How many of us would like to make the devil anxious? How many would like him to be nervous when he has to be sent your way? I've said it before. I'd like to make Satan's life a living hell. How do you do it, church? You want the answer? I've got the answer for you this morning. He said, "What hurts the devil?" You want to hurt the devil? Here it is. is to see that sanctified holy life consecrated to God. He says, "You say anything to him, to this man, this this believer, call him anything, just as sweet as it can be, and move right on." He says, "Oh my, that throws him away. That's the thunder that shakes the devil." Church, doesn't that put us all on the same page now? On the same playing field. We're all at the same level. Anyone can do this. Any child of God, that is. We're not all called to get up here and preach the gospel. But I'll tell you what, you can shake the foundations of hell with a sanctified, holy life, with a sweetness to your life. No matter what comes your way, you got power this morning to get Satan anxious. I say, "Lord, I help us make Satan anxious every day." I'd love it that he's more scared of me than I am of him. That ought to be our testimony. Amen. I'm thankful we've got some living voices here today. I say, Lord, make us all living voices that we're preaching the greatest sermons ever seen in this last dark age. Paul would say this. He says, "For in him we live and move and have our being as certain also of your own poets have said, "For we are also his offering." He says, "For in him we live. He is our life." In other words, then he says, "In him we move." And that original word there in the original Greek, it means to be stirred, to put into action or provoked. In other words, Christ is our motivation of our life. He's what gets us moving in a particular direction or action. He's what gets us going every time we make a move. Amen. He's the one that puts an uncction in our heart to do something. He's the divine initiative in our lives. Let me put it another way. He's the dynamics. We all have cars sitting out there. Now, I haven't noticed any of you running out there to see if your car has moved since church started. Just on the off chance. Why? Because you know once that car has been shut off, it has all the mechanics, but there are no dynamics. And that car won't move until you get in there and you turn the key and you start it. And when you start it, what happens, church? Fire is added. Spark is added. And what does that do? It takes the mechanics and it puts it into perfect operation. That's what Christ does by the spirit in our life. He makes us move. That car out there, I don't care how long we sit here, it will not move of its own accord unless something breaks. It'll stay there. Why? Because the dynamics aren't working. But it just takes the key of faith to turn it. And all of a sudden, that car will go anywhere you want because it's got its own source of propulsion inside. He says in him, we also have our being. It's our existence is is hidden in Christ. It's that hidden life that we've heard about so much, that we've talked about and preached about so much. Amen. Where it's just you and him. Amen. This isn't a church entity. This isn't a social group. It's not a community. It's a body. But it's individuals that are tied into Christ. Amen. It's not a congregational moment. It's not special meetings. It's it's none of these things. Amen. It is you and Christ united. That's what this looks like. That's what the preeminence look like. But in him we live and move and have our being. It's as I said last service. Can we say he's initiating everything we do in every part of our life? That's a heavy question. That's a hard question. That's a very personal question. Amen. Does he initiate our entertainment? The books we read, the places we go, the friends we have, the career moves we make, our friendships, our relationships. Can we say he's the one that's driving those things? He started it, not me. He led me, not me. Paul's talking here about a people that is so lost in Christ that you can't see them anymore. That's a lofty standard. And you say, "How in the world are you going to put that on us, Brother John? How in the world can we be there?" But let me ask you, let me ask our elders. Is your life hidden in Christ? Please nod your heads. Help me out. Brother Gerald, is your life hid in Christ? It should be. But did it happen overnight? No, it didn't. But eventually you got there. Why? By inviting him into every door, every room, every situation. And how'd you do that? Usually by making the mistake of not inviting him in and seeing the results that you didn't like. I'm not your age yet, but I that's the way it's worked with me so far is the more that I surrender, the lighter my load. The more I yield to him, the better it works out. Not that I don't go through trials and tribulations, but there's a benefit to me in those that I don't see if I'm doing it of my own accord. Amen. He's talking about a people so lost in Christ that you can't see them anymore. But listen, we look around and Brother Mark's way of approaching things is not the same as Brother Bob's is not the same as Brother Grants is not the same as Brother Gerald's. We're all different people. It doesn't mean that we all act the same way, but it means that we're yielded the same way because God works with us according to the way he's built us. We've got people that are real connectors that really like to be with people. We got, you know, a brother Joe would be a real connector in our church. Brother Paul's a real connector to the young people, I think. Right. But we got real workers here. We got Sister Amber and Brother Matt. Real workers, real diligent, real duty driven. But guess what? But if we put them in the connection choir, I hope I'm okay saying this. Guess what? It's not going to work so well, cuz they're one-on-one people. Paul can wow a crowd. He can connect with a crowd. Joe's the life of the fellowship, but they're one-on-one people. Then we got musicians. We got Brother Levi and Sister Lydia up here this morning. I thought that was wonderful. I was surprised to see because I thought Paul was playing. Brother Levi, that's the highest compliment I can give you. I thought Brother Paul was playing. Then when I looked out, I saw he was singing. So what is it? We got a generation rising up of musicians. But guess what? I don't know. Maybe brother Levi's going to be song leader. I don't know. But for now, he's a guitar player and Sister Lydia is a piano player. And we've got all these things. Listen, Brother Garfield and I are the only preachers left. We got Brother Gerald who's retired. There's only two preachers in this church. And God forbid anyone else try and be it if you're not called to be it. And I don't know if you noticed, but brother Garfield preaches differently than I do. The difference is slight. I I admit, but but is brother Garfield yielded to the spirit? Am I yielded to the spirit? Totally different approach. Totally different approach. So don't try and make yourself like brother so and so or sister so and so. But you got to find his way and his will for your life. the way that he wants to lead you. Amen. We've got great providers here, but we don't all provide the same. We have the slightly insane business owners and the more sane employees amongst us. Some of us are built for the risks and the the the high-risk, highreward life of entrepreneurialship. And some of us are meant for the slower, steadier employee line. And that's okay. But God works with all of us as he's built us because he's built us with purpose, for purpose. Amen. So, we've got to be able to see that in our own lives. Amen. And that's where the personal intimacy of the leadership of Jesus Christ in your life comes in. Amen. I look at our young people here today. I look at where they're going. Listen, some are going to university and some are going straight into the workforce. Some are going blue collar, some are going white collar. Some aren't even going into the workforce. Why? It's got to be God's leadership for you. And you got to be able to be satisfied with the leadership that he's given you and trust that he'll work it out for you. Amen. But here's one thing we know that whatever God's doing in our life, it's based on his unmmerited grace and love for us. Remember what what Jesus said. He said, "Listen, your your your um judges and your elders, they judge they they they they disciplined you." He says, "And they did it for your good." You know, so many times we're disciplining our kids for our good, church, I'm way off this morning, okay? Just let me preach this morning. You know why we discipline our kids sometimes? For our good. Sit down, shut up, be quiet. That's what we're disciplining them for. That's how the elders and the judges did it. We just want some peace and rest and time to take a shower. But he says he does it for our good. For our good. So when we're when he's working in our lives and we're giving him the preeminence, hey, sometimes it's going to be hard, but he's doing it for our good, not for his good. Amen. Listen to this. He says, "These those days he dwelt in his tabernacle," pointing back to the days of Israel. "And today he dwells in you as his tabernacle." He says, "But we must take make this place a dwelling, not an outer court place or the first holy place." Remember, they had the outer court, the inner court, and the holy of holies. And there were certain groups of people that could come into each. He says, "But you got his presence was only in the holiest of holies, and that's where he wants you to be." We know that's where he wants us to be because he tore the veil when Christ died. And he made a way for every man and woman. You didn't have to be a priest. You didn't have to be a a member of the tribe of Levi. You didn't have to have a body without blemish. Anybody can go in. Well, he says, "But we must live with God in the holiest of holies, a consecrated, hidden life, alone, quiet with God." He says, "We become too excited, upset about too many things." He says, "And it shows there's something lacking. The church ought to be a million miles up the road to what it is now. We're still back down in the adolescent age, fussing and fighting and quarreling and stewing when we ought to be consecrated, hid away in the holiest of holies with God. He says, "It's better we come easy and take our time and see where we're going." Notice, he says, "Every year the high priest entered into that place, the congregation followed him up. And when he went into the great place where the veil dropped behind him, the inner courts, the holiest of holies, no one dared to go after him. Then he was alone with God. I can't imagine what it felt to be the ones that had to stay outside because really church, you were trusting that man by faith to tell you the truth that God would accept him in your place. The blood that he brought in in your place, but people didn't get to experience God directly because he dwelt behind the holiest of holies behind the veil there. He says he was alone with God. What a beautiful picture it is today of a consecrated life who once enters in with Christ dead to the things of the world and hid away with God and the veils drop down around and all the world shut off. He said then Christianity and religion become a pleasure to every believer. The hardest thing to deal with church is all the other voices so many times pulling, pushing, trying to influence. But he says when you get in there with just God and the veil drops behind it's just you and him. He says then your Christianity and religion becomes a pleas a a pleasure to every believer. Catch this. He says today people just have enough religion to make them miserable. Knowing that they ought to do this and they're trying to escape hell. See, it's all about their effort and their trying. And I don't want to go to hell and I want to save myself. And so everything is try, try try, try try and there's no rest in the trying cuz you'll never do it. Brother Joe shared a quote this morning says, "We all backslide every day." And you know what? If you don't have an anchor of your soul, that backsliding, those trips, those faults, those mistakes will beat you up until you convince yourself you're not a child of God. But when that veil drops in and you know that you are and you know the blood's been applied now you can have rest. He says they've got just enough religion to make them miserable knowing they're trying to they ought to do this and they're trying to escape hell. He says well if that's the way I felt about it brother I don't know what I would do. He says oh get in with Christ shut off from the things of the world for to commune with him is a pleasure. It's beautiful. We're talking about preeminence. He says it's something that fills and satisfies the soul. Something that gives you peace that passes all understanding. He says all the crosses become flying wings. All the burdens are chariot wheels. He says, "Oh, you can fly away. My burdens are light. Yoke up with him." He says the yoke is all padded with hallelujah. When you're once inside the veil with him, he becomes your life. I say, "Lord, keep me behind the veil." What a place to live where your burdens, your crosses just lift you higher. They just lift you higher. Why? Because you're drawn to him. Not drawn to doubt, not drawn to despondency, not drawn to bitterness, but you're drawn to him. And what does it do? As your crosses get heavier, as your trials get more difficult, it draws you closer to him. And there's a peace and there's a rest. And there's a satisfaction that comes with that. Church, I think the reason that we don't sing sweet hour of prayer anymore is we don't have the sweet hours of prayer anymore. We've got the sweet 10 minutes in the morning and it's not very sweet. It's very hurried and rushed because the kids are about to get up and we got to make breakfast and we got to get showered and we got to get to work. When's the last time you can say it's been sweet to be in his presence? That wasn't in a church service. Let me say it this way. You don't have to wait for the resurrection, the rapture to get close to Christ. That's for sure. You don't have to wait to meet him in bodily form to have a relationship with him. Amen. You don't have to wait then to experience his love, his joy, his peace, his patience, his goodness, his longsuffering, all of these different things. Amen. But you've got to set aside time for him. And that's something we have to do. That's something we've got to do. We've got to book time for Jesus. Church, these days, we got our phones and we use them for everything but what's good for us. I needed uh my shirts laundered for for this service this morning. And uh we don't launder them until they're all used up, of course. And so I I I had to go out and and get something. I I brought my wife with me. So before I left, I said, "Uh, Siri, remind me to put my shirts in the dryer when I get home." Cuz I'd have just forgotten them. See, if we can use things for tools, remember I preached on on uh on marriage and husbands treating your wife special. I said, "Do what I do. Put a reminder in your phone to get her flowers once a month, every month. Use it." We use our phones for everything but good. so many times. Put in there and say, "Have devotions at 9:30 p.m. every night. If you can't get up in the morning, put it in. Lock it in. Block your space out. Block your calendars out. Put a reminder there that won't go away to say, "Hey, set some time for Jesus." Amen. Church, I set aside time to talk with my wife, to walk with my wife, to share things with my wife, to spend time with my wife. And church, there are times where I don't set aside the time, but you know what happens? She interjects herself oh so sweetly into my life. And she says, "Can we talk? Can we go for a walk? Can we go on a date?" And if I, as an imperfect husband, can make that time for her, how do you think Christ's response is to us when we say, "I'd like to spend some time with you." He's never too busy to spend some time with you. You're not bothering him to go and have a chat with him. But I think we've got to do something. And this has been on my heart. Brother Vichel talked to me a long time ago about some aspects of prayer. Brother Vichel, I'm hoping to start that as I start this next series. I want to preach on prayer for a while. I may have two s going simultaneously. Wednesday nights will be prayer and and the Sundays will be this this other series I've got. But we've got to get away from the idea of saying a prayer. and come to praying, having a conversation with God. We got to get into fellowship, relationship, connection. Husbands, we're really good at surface talk. But how many of you find surface talk satisfies your wife's need for connection? No. She wants to get deep. She wants to talk about things that matter to her. Deep emotional things, deep relational things. And God's looking for us to connect with him beyond just us saying what we think he wants us to say. That's what saying a prayer is. Saying what you think he wants you to say. Amen. We're not just subject and king. It's bride and bridegroom now. And we got to start acting like a married couple. Amen. If you've got a healthy marriage, your spouse can talk to you about anything. Anything. They can talk to you about you and they can talk to you about them. Amen. And we respond and we go back and forth. But if we've got this idea of I'm just going to say to God what I think he wants me to hear, all we've got is false fellowship. It's a surface relationship. There's no reality in those things. Can I can I show you what a real prayer life looks like, church? I don't have it in my notes. Came to me in there. Turn if you will to Psalms chapter 10. Psalms chapter 10 and verse one. This is David's prayer. Have you ever prayed a prayer like this? Why standest thou aar off, O Lord? Why hideest thou thyself in times of trouble? What's he saying? He's saying, God, why do you not come on my scene? Why are you not in my circumstances? I've prayed, I've served, I've lived according to your requirement, and yet when I come before you, you stay at a distance. He says, "You hide yourself in times of trouble." Turn a few pages over. Psalms 13, verse one. How long wilt thou forget me, oh Lord? Forever. How long wil thou hide thy face from me? How long shalt I take counsel in my soul, having sorrow in mine heart daily? How long shall mine enemy be exalted over me? David's not going in and saying, "Oh Lord, thou art the greatest. Lord, I am I'm good. Lord, I'm thankful for this trial you've given me." He said, "Jesus, why? Why is it that you haven't moved yet? How come I can't feel your presence? How come you haven't answered my prayer? I've done everything you've asked me to do. And yet you stand still. You move not. You answer not. And I'm running for my life. Church, we've got to bring our needs to him, our burdens to him, your feelings to him. I'll tell you this and I pray this regularly. I say, "Lord, you see how I feel about this situation, about this person, about this action, reaction, lack of action. Lord, you see I'm frustrated. You see I'm anxious. You see I'm critical. You see I'm bitter. You see I've made it about me. But notice David never stays there. Bring your need to him and leave it there. Look at what he says. Consider and hear me, oh Lord my God. Lighten mine eyes, lest I sleep the sleep of death, lest mine enemies say, I have prevailed against him, and those that troubled me rejoice when I am moved. He says, but I have trusted in thy mercy. My heart shall rejoice in thy salvation. I will sing unto the Lord because he hath dealt bountifully with me. He doesn't even have the answer, but he says, "I'll sing anyways. I'll praise you for what's coming even when I don't see it." But church, we've got to be honest with God. We've got to be able to say, "This is where I am. This is what I'm dealing with. This is what I'm feeling. This is what I'm fighting. This is what I'm losing. But Lord, I know there's victory. I know there's deliverance. I know there's healing. I know there's salvation. I know there's a restoration coming. Lord, I'm here for that. I'm here to pour out my heart so you can fill it up with you. I'm here to lay down my rights to feel, to harbor, to get prickly. and say, "Lord, fill me up with some of that joy, that love, that peace, that rest, that longsuffering, that patience that passes my own understanding. I can't explain it. All I can tell you is he touched me." Glory to God. Church, don't leave the way you came in. But it's okay to come in the way you are. That's what he wants you. He wants you to express yourself so that he can change you. Amen. &gt;&gt; We read at last service about going in and praying. What's the purpose of the Holy Spirit in our lives? To change our attitude. To change our atmosphere. To change our reaction to things. To let us go in one way and come out the other. Day in and day out. Day in and day out. A daily entrance into the Holy of Holies where it's just you and Christ together. Amen. Where we can admit we've got some work to do. We've got battles we need to win. We've got battles we're losing. We've got battles we've lost. But the war isn't over. And we're coming. We're saying, "Lord, we need some general help here." Look at our marriages. Look at our relationships. Say, "Lord, I need help. I've had to do it." I guarantee most of us do as well. Because remember, church, the first place the word is expressed right here. It's in you. You don't walk out and express the word in someone else. You walk out and express the word in yourself. It's got to be that inward work. It's got to be him having the preeminence as may in us so that when we walk out and something happens, what happens is not my reaction, it's his reaction. It's not my word, it's his word. It's not my thought, it's his thought. And that's when we can start to see these. My response is his response because I've yielded myself to his tender embrace and faith taking hold of the word. My feathers fell off and I anchored my soul. The haven of rest is my Lord. Amen. Doesn't mean I don't feel hurt, bad, offended. Let me tell you, church, as a pastor, it's easy to get offended. But, you know, I I put it in our with Sister Priscilla. We grant her grace and we we share some of the songs we think we may sing. And I put on there, I'm coming back to the heart of worship because it can be real easy as a pastor to take things personally. But you know what? It's not about me. It's always about him. And we get worked up when we make it about us instead of we realize it's all about him in the first place. church. What this means is when Christ gets the preeminence, he wins the victory over me. That's what he's looking for. Remember what it says in Revelation 3, that you can sit in the throne even overcome as I overcame. Jesus says that you would overcome as I overcame and sit in my throne. Who did Jesus overcome? Self. Self. He didn't rule over the earth. He had authority and a dominion, but he did not rule over the earth. He ruled over self because he yielded himself. Not my will but thine be done. So the victory that God is looking for is to have the preeminence. Because when he has the preeminence, church, me winning over Satan is just a function of Satan having no access to me because Christ has the preeminence. That's it. Satan can't fight with me if I've already lost to Christ. Now he's got to deal with Christ one-on-one. And guess who wins that battle? It's already won. He's holding the keys to his house. He's holding the keys to his gates. I'm not fighting now. It's Christ in me that's fighting because I've yielded myself to him completely. He has full control of my life and now Satan has no access points. Remember what happens in the millennium is Satan is bound by chains of circumstance. He's got nobody to work with. Church, in the lives of believers, that ought to be our testimony, Lord. By chains of circumstance, Satan has no power over me because you've taken full preeminence in my life. Jesus would say this in John 15, I am the true vine. That means there's a false vine, too. But I am the true vine, and my father is the husbandman. Every branch in me that beareth not fruit, he taketh away. And every branch that beareth fruit, he purges it that it may bring forth more fruit. I remember I preached on that. And when you look at them purging a vineyard and purging the vines, it looks so rough and harsh, but it produces more fruit than it had before. He said, 'Now ye are clean through the word.' How does God clean up our life? The washing of water by the word, which I have spoken unto you. Abide in me and I in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself except it abide in the vine, no more can ye except ye abide in me. I am the vine, ye are the branches. He that abideth in me and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit. For without me, ye can do nothing. What is the secret? I can do nothing in myself, but I can do all things through Christ, which strengthens me as a believer. That's the first lesson he tries to teach you. In yourself, you'll never win. Otherwise, you'd have won already. But we need him. He says, "If a man abide not in me, he's cast forth as a branch and is withered. and then gather them and cast them into the fire and they are burned. If you abide in me, and here's that wonderful word, and my words abide in you, you shall ask what you will and it shall be done unto you. We've preached on this many times, but notice the promise is for those that are abiding in Christ, not with Christ, in Christ. And that's only 1 Corinthians 12. By one spirit, you're baptized into one body. It takes the Holy Spirit to abide in Christ. Amen. He's in you. You're in him. It's for those that are joined to Christ. Not a personal connection. Not I go to this church, my name's on a book, I pay tithe. No, it's abiding in Christ. And you know that you are abiding in him when his word is abiding in you. When it's engraved on your heart. Amen. And he says when you're there, when you have this condition, when you're living in me and I'm living in you, then you can ask whatever you want and you'll get it. Why? Because you won't ask by selfishness. You'll ask by surrender. You'll say, "Lord, what is your will? This is what your word says. That is your will. That's what I'll ask for." You're never against God's will to ask what's in his word. But you got to put it into the right time and season. That's all. But we won't be selfish. We'll be surrendered. He listen to this. He says, "There's only one thing that never did begin, and that was God." Therefore, the only way we can ever live eternal is to have God's own life in us, and that's eternal life. God separated himself among us and gave his spirit like he did on Pentecost and it was seen in symbols of fire from the pillar of fire that separated itself amongst the people to give his own life out to the people. What was the purpose of the day of Pentecost? To put eternal life into each and every one of us. He says and through this the mind of Christ should be operating amongst us. In other words, it takes the indwelling of the Holy Spirit to have the mind of Christ. What is the mind of Christ? To know the will of God and be surrendered enough to fulfill it instead of fight it. That's what it is is to surrender rather than to fight. Amen. That's what the mind of Christ does in our life. He says, "And then God is the word. In the beginning was the word. The word was with God. The word was God. And it's still God." That's right. Is the word. And when we get away from the word, then we're away from God. That's straight. You can't say, "I'm being led by the Holy Spirit," and be contradicting the word of God. Impossible. He says, "And when we get away from the word, then we're away from God." Jesus said, "If you abide in me," he says there's their mystery, there's the secret. If you abide in me and my word in you, then ask what you will. He says, "See, the idea is first, God's word has got to abide here." Remember, we're talking about he is the dynamics. He's the divine inspiration of our life. And he's saying before you can come into John 15 like this, you got to have something on the inside that will drive what comes out. The idea, the word, the genesis has to be here. The source has to be here to pull out what God's trying to do in your life. And until that's there, you'll speak all you want. You'll believe all you want, but it'll be according to the lust of your own flesh. That's what James talks about. You'll ask the wrong way. You'll ask a miss, and it'll take you down a path you don't want to go to. Like we said earlier, if you're a believer, a real believer born again by the spirit, that word has been carved into your heart. It's not negotiable, is it, Brother Joe? It's not negotiable. Brother Joe has told me so many testimonies of people that he works with that have tried to get him to do things, that have tried to give him contracts to do things that are contrary to the word. And you know what he says? No, it's not negotiable. And he's had people come back at him and try over and over and even say, I'll give you all this if you'll give me if you'll just do this. And he says, I don't need and they'll say, you know, give it a week and come back. He says, I don't need to go back. It's not negotiable. I will not do it. I will not do it. No matter how much the business needs it, I won't do it because it's contrary to the word. And what has God done every time? Come back around and give him the work that they offered him in the first place. Praise the Lord. You stand for him, he'll stand for you. Amen. But we've got to get out of this idea of it's negotiable. It's Christ the word or nothing. On Christ the solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand. You compromise one step, you go next year, and you'll be a mile away. Because it'll just be a departure of one step a day, one step a week, and pretty soon you say, "Holy cow, how did I get here?" That's what compromise is. It's usually one step, not a bunch. Amen. What he's showing us here is we don't initiate anything. We are yielded. We're receiving, not initiating these things. We're under headship, not taking authority. We have authority. Absolutely, we have authority. That's all we have is authority. But it's authority under headship. I've talked many times about this about Paul going on his mission trips in Acts 16 and he was going through Asia. And the scripture says that they were forbidden by the Holy Ghost to preach the word in Asia. Now, Paul's a preacher. He's an apostle. He's a prophet. He's gifted. He's called and he's ordained to preach the gospel. And then the Holy Spirit says, "Don't preach the gospel in Asia. Why? Why did he obey? Because he was a vessel. A vessel doesn't move on its own. That's like I said, those cars out there aren't moving because there's nothing to operate them. A vessel sits there until the master takes it and pours it out where he would want to pour it out. And then he fills it up. And when he fills it up, you may sit there for a week, a month, or a year. And then he'll pour you out again wherever he wants to do it. That was Paul's life. He's a yielded vessel. Amen. So he says, "Okay, we can't preach in Asia." Well, we're close to Bethnia. We really want to go. And they tried. The scripture says they attempted to go to Bethnia to get some fellowship. They were actively pursuing going to Bethnia. And then the Holy Spirit said no. And you know what they did, church? They stopped attempting. If it's not working out, maybe we need to let it go. Okay. Did it make sense to Paul at the time? Did Paul know at that moment why he wasn't allowed to preach in Asia and why he wasn't allowed to preach in Bethnia? He had no clue. But what he knew God's will was don't do it. And he said, "Okay, I won't do it." Later, God would show them the way. Listen to this. He says, "You'll never know him by reasoning." God is not God is not known by reason. He's known by faith. You accept it. You believe it. But he says you can't do it until something happens in you. Then the Holy Spirit comes in and you have the mind of Christ. Remember the Holy Spirit is the spirit of truth. It's the guide. It's the tutor. It's the teacher. It's divine intelligence. It's everything we need to walk us in the proper direction. But we've got to accept it in its position and in its role. That's the way it has to work. Church. You've got to be led by the spirit. And you've got to know you're led by the spirit. Otherwise, you'll be so hard trying to just break down doors that aren't going to open. And you'll be frustrated because you've been beating on this door for so long and nothing's happening. And meanwhile, God's got a door right over there for you to walk through. Why? He's got a perfect will for your life. You'll drive yourself baddy trying to go through doors that God doesn't want you to go through if you're a child of God. Amen. We think we can do it by sheer will, sheer effort, sheer skill even. And he's there saying, "No, leave it alone. Leave it alone." He said, "God is not mocked. Be not deceived. God's not mocked. Whatsoever a man seweth or a nation," he says, "So shall they reap to individuals or to nations." And we must keep that in mind. While we believe with all of our heart that God's visiting us now on a special occasion to get together here, keep that in mind. God doesn't do anything for myth. He's got a purpose in doing these things. He's got something in his mind that he's trying to do. He says if we can only find what he's doing and find his will. He says it will behoove us to take a little time and pray and find out what our father's trying to do. See, we've talked before about presumption. Presumption takes you into the land of permissive will. Amen. And we can say, well, I'm a child of God, and therefore, if I feel or I think or I've got initiative or I've got an uncction, that must be the leadership of God. No. It behooves us to take a little time and pray and find out what our father's trying to do. If the doors you're knocking on aren't opening, maybe it's time to move on. Maybe it's time to step back and say, "Lord, is this me or is this you?" That's all. Amen. It might be his will to open it, but not right now. I've had many times in my life where I was trying to do it. Hey, I tried to come back to Newfoundland since I left Texas. 2010, it took 10 years for me to get back here, church. 10 years to get back. I was attempting to do it, but when God had a time for it to happen, it happened. And it happened so sovereignly and miraculously that you almost wonder how it was possible. Why? Cuz God's got a time and a season for everything. And if he's shutting the door, it's for my good and your good. And we're best to leave it alone. Paul would go back. The Holy Spirit in Acts 16 forbade him to preach. In Acts 19, he goes to Asia and he preaches there for two years. Two years. Paul didn't spend two years in many places. He spent two years in Asia and God blessed his ministry there. God had a time and a season. Amen. But Paul had to be sensitive to the leading of the Holy Spirit. How do you become sensitive to the leading of the Holy Spirit, church? Shout it out. Thank you, brother Paul. Read your Bible and pray. Amen. Spend time with God. Listen, the Holy Spirit speaks primarily by his word. We don't have a prophet here. As far as I know, we don't have a prophet. We don't have somebody that has dreams and visions. I was talking to a brother in British Columbia, owns multiple businesses and he was seeking leadership on something and he just wasn't sure. You know, it seemed like a good opportunity, but he, you know, his life is dedicated to the Lord. He's a sincere believer. and he said, you know, he talked to his pastor said, you know, if you're looking for God's leading, look for how he's led you in the past and he'll probably do the same thing. And so that's what he did. And he says, "God has always given me clear direction in the word." And so he just went and he start he he was praying about it and he just read his Bible. And there was just this one little scripture he came across that completely addressed the situation he was facing. and he said, "I'm going to go ahead with this." And he didn't there was stress involved with it. He didn't have the money for it. He didn't have anything to move ahead with this. But the word told him, "Do it." He said, "And the day we closed, the money went into the account to close the deal." The day does God know how to test our faith? God knows how to prove his word is what he does. the day he had to have it, it was there. What a mighty God we serve, church. But he's looking for people that'll seek him and then trust him and wait on him. Amen. How do you get more sensitive? Read your Bible and pray. And by prayer, I mean, don't say what you think he wants to hear. Have a real conversation with God. Have a real conversation with God. Amen. That has to be a daily thing for us. Proverbs 3 says, "Trust in the Lord with all thine heart and lean not unto thine own understanding. In all thy ways, in all thy ways, in all things he should have the preeminence. In all thy ways acknowledge him, and he shall direct thy paths." That word acknowledge means know, be aware of, recognize beyond a shadow of a doubt by intimate relationship. In other words, make sure he is present in all areas of your life. Make sure that he is there, that he is approving, that he is willing, and that he is leading and guiding. Okay? What it means is make sure that God is present in every area of your life. That's what it means to acknowledge him in all your ways. And then it says, "And then he shall direct thy paths." So acknowledging God in your in your ways is not saying, Lord, I'm going to go do this. Please bless it. Lord, I'm gonna go marry this person. Please bless it. Lord, I'm gonna go to this church. Lord, I'm going to start this job. Lord, I'm gonna buy this business. Please bless it. No, that's him acknowledging you. That's self worship. That's idolatry. But what you're saying is, Lord, here's my circumstances. Lord, I'm a young person. I've got to make decisions about school, about jobs, about a spouse. What would you have me to do? And remember, you have to be quiet before God. When you've done asking, when you've done crying, when you've done expressing, when you've done asking questions, sit back and give them a chance to talk back. And that can be hard. That can be hard in a house as ours that is just built acoustically to magnify every patter of footpr foot footsteps above you, every barking dog, every fighting child. You got to get away and get quiet. Go for a walk. Go drive somewhere. Husbands, give your wives time to get away. Give them a break. Give them a chance to be quiet with God. Let them settle their spirits. and let him speak. And then when you've done that, check it with the word. And if he doesn't answer the first day, go back the second day. Daniel prayed an awful long time before he got the angel to him. There's other battles that are going on. Amen. Wait on him. Wait on him. We open with this. We'll close with it. For as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God. Brother Abraham says, "He that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit saith unto the churches." How tragic it is that the first age did not listen to the spirit. Instead, it listen to man. But thank God, in the last age, there will be a group that will rise up, the true bride of the last day, and she will listen to the spirit. In that day of gross darkness, the light will return by the pure word and we will return to the power of Pentecost to welcome back the Lord Jesus Christ. Church, that can only happen to sons and daughters of God. That's a promise that's only for the children of God. But I was reading something this week on Balum that a a minister had preached recently. And you look at Balum. Balam had God's word, which was God's will. But you notice Balum refused it. He was anointed by the spirit of God to speak thus sayeth the Lord. But he kept going back to try and get God to adjust or moderate or manipulate his will so that it would work out better for Balum. He kept trying to find a way to make it good for him without obviously contradicting God's will. And God had told him, "Balam, you can't go and curse Israel. They are my people. I've blessed them. And you can't curse what God has blessed. You can't do it." And Baal kept going and going. And the preacher said this, and it struck me. He said, "Balam was a real prophet, but he wasn't a true prophet. He was a real prophet. He had a real gift, a real calling, a real anointing, but he wasn't obedient to God in his personal life." Amen. And God's looking for sons and daughters that will be true to his word, not trying to manipulate it for their own benefit. Listen to this. He says, "The true church of Christ, the bride, is soul sold out to him and his promised word till the very mind that's in Christ is in you." What a difference. What is it? Not my will, but thine be done. Balam wanted his wanted to fit his will inside of God's will. God never promised that. Amen. But he was willing in the end to work outside of God's will, too. That's what you see is when you're trying to force yourself in, you're always usually willing to go outside of his will. And Balam, when push came to shove, he said, "God, if you're not going to give it to me, I'm going to take it." And he tried to do that. Amen. And so he tried it his way and it didn't work. I mean, he went there and Bao set up everything the way he told him. They set up altars and sacrifices, but when Balam spoke, he was still a real prophet. And he could only say, "Thus sayaeth the Lord, according to truth." And so he blessed Israel time and time again. And Bale got bail got so mad at him. The king, I'm paying you to curse them and all you do is bless. He says, I can only say what God puts in my mouth. But what happened after the spirit of prophecy left him? What did he say then? He told Bao, he says, "Listen, I can't curse them, but God will judge them if they do these things." He says, "Here's how you get them." And he told them how to lead them into idolatry and sexual impurity and those different things. And Balam caused them to be judged. He caused God to judge Israel. But in the end, Israel got him back and they killed him in battle. Didn't work out well for Balam. A real gift, not a real prophet, not a true prophet. Amen. He was so busy cashing in on the gift, he forgot about the giftgiver. He forgot who had made him that way, who had ordained him that way, who had called him that way. And in doing so, he chose a path that he thought would work out best for him. and all it ended in was his own death. And he wasn't anything after that. As as people, as humans, we tend to want these great gifts. We tend to want to have a big impact. We want to we want to do great things. And it's not wrong to do that. Paul said, "Cove the greatest gifts." He says, "But I show you a more excellent way. I show you a more excellent way." Brother Brown would say this. He says, "The real gift is your soul." Down in there. See, that was born of God. If you don't have a soul that comes from God, we can pour gallons of oil on you. We can baptize you every single day of your life, lay hands on you, and it won't do a lick of good. At best, it'll turn you religious, but it won't make you a child of God. He says the real gift is your soul down in there. See, that was born of God, and that controls the whole thing to the word of God and the will of God. He says, ' And there you grow up then. See, and then you're a son and a daughter of God. You're a child of God. That's the difference between a real Christian and a religious person. Is that a real Christian can surrender themselves to the word of God and the will of God. That's it. And how is it? It's because there's an eternal life inside of them. It's not a put on. It's not a robe of Christianity. It's not a jacket of Christianity, but it's something on the inside. And that comes from God in the very beginning. Listen, we make our mistakes. This isn't about a perfect life. This is about a yielded life. That's what we're talking about. Sinless perfection happens to nobody on this earth. Christ already did that. And that's why we get his righteousness and he took on ours. We claim his. Amen. But I'll tell you this, for the believer, our trajectory is always upward by God's grace. If you ever look at data, data rarely goes perfectly in a curve. It's usually doing this. You know, it's going all over the place. But the vice's nodding his head. The engineers, statistitians know this. Anybody that's looked at data, but what happens is you're looking for the direction overall. And listen, there are days where I I'm going up and then all of a sudden I go down, but then the Lord picks me up and all of a sudden I'm going higher and then my flesh catches me and I But what's happening is the general trajectory is up because he's drawing me up. It's his work. It's not mine. And it's his strength. It's his word. It's his spirit that's drawing me up. Amen. I'm going to close with this scripture. We close out John 15. He says, "Herein as my father glorified that ye bear much fruit, so shall ye be my disciples. As the father hath loved me, so have I loved you. Continue ye in my love. If you keep my commandments, you shall abide in my love." In other words, if you stay with my word, you'll stay in my love. Now, let's not make this into when I disobey, I'm out of God's love. No. But his love will be a little more disciplinary and a little less huggy and kissy. But if you can stay there, and that's the nature of the bride of Jesus Christ is to stay with the word, then you stay close. You have the joy of your salvation, not just the salvation, if I could put it that way. You don't lose the ooey gooies of it. Do you ever have a, you know, sometimes we take our spouses out and we go away for a weekend or a week and it's just us and our spouse and you come back and you're just like, man, I just love her. I just love him. He's so good. He's so great. What is it? That closeness, that intimacy with no kids running around and no distractions and you don't have to cook supper for the wives and you don't have to make the bed and and he doesn't have to worry about work and all these things. It's just spend, spend, spend and enjoy, enjoy, enjoy. You come back and you feel so connected. Only two wives are smiling. Brothers, we need to do better. Right? Sometimes we lose the joy of marriage. Don't lose the love, but we lose the joy. It can be the same thing in our relationship with Christ. When we know we're doing what we ought not to do, does he stop loving us? No. But our conscience is bothering us. And so we're sitting over on the side saying, "Yeah, he probably doesn't want to spend time with me now cuz I'm not a good wife." He says, "Stay with my word. It works. It'll keep us close." He said, "If you keep my commandments, if you keep my word, you shall abide in my love, even as I have kept my father's commandments and abide in his love. These things have I spoken unto you that my joy right might remain in you and that your joy might be full. Amen. God bless you. Let's stand if we would. Amen. What's the purpose of abiding in Christ? What's the what's the end result there? He says that your joy might remain. There's a joy you have. How many remember the day they gave their heart to the Lord? the joy that was there. Isn't that I mean I I'll never forget it. I'll never forget it. It was the the the the most amazing day of my life. Far and away. Nothing else compares to that moment where you realized he's accepted me. He's cleansed me. He's forgiven me. I felt like I could float on air. Felt like I could run or fly a million miles an hour. There's a joy there. But he says, I want the joy to remain. Not just come and go. I want to remain. Not only that your joy remain, but your joy will be full. You'll be topped up with joy. Amen. Lasting joy. He doesn't say happiness. He says joy. Joy is eternal, supernatural happiness. That even in our trials, we can say I'm still happy. I still have a satisfaction. And I still have a contentment because I've got him with me and I'm talking to him daily and he walks with me and he talks with me and he tells me I'm his own as the song says. It's that day-to-day relationship that keeps us going. Listen, my wife and I, life is not always great in the Kurlet house. We have days of stress. We have days of financial hardship. We have cars breaking down left, right, and center. We have sick kids. We have sick dogs. We have sleepless nights. All these things. But boy, if we spend that bit of time together, the joy stays with it. And it doesn't take much. It doesn't take much. When I get up in the morning, I kind of do the rounds. Usually the boys are on the couch and the dogs there. So, I kind of go around and I ruffle their heads, give him a hug, tell Biscuit he's a good dog, even though he's not. And then I go to my wife. But you know where I spend the most time? With my wife. I put my arms around and I hug her and I ask her how her sleep was and how did the boys do through the night. because I don't hear any of it usually. And what do I do? I connect with her first thing. And that's to help settle our day in unity. I love you. You're important to me. I'm here to help you. I'm here to support you. I care about you. And it sets the tone for the day. And listen, if we do that and just spend those little minutes, it means that when friction comes up, it means when when when issues pop up, we're okay to come and say, "Hey, can I talk? Hey, we need to talk about something. We need to deal with something." Okay, the joy is still there. The love's still there. The feeling's still there to take us into each other's presence without ripping each other's throats out. Otherwise, what do we do? We get into business transactions. We're partners, not spouses. That's what he's saying here. He's saying, "Your joy might be full." So that when we feel we're under attack, we've got something to draw from. We've spent time in his presence, we've been refreshed, we know there's a place we can go and we can just step aside and say, "Lord, top up the joy tank a little more. Lord, I'm going through it today, this month, this year, this decade, whatever it is. Say, Lord, keep my joy full. Let your spirit refresh me. Let me be in your presence so we can connect again cuz I'm not feeling it right now. And he's always willing to do that. He's always willing to do it. He's always got time for his bride. Amen. Amen. God bless you. There's no place you can get it outside of him. I spent some time yesterday going through my notes, pages after pages, and I've cut it down to 10 more pages of notes. So, I've got 13 here today, but that's not just quotes and scriptures. So, one maybe two more services, and then we're going to move on by God's grace. So, hang in there with me. We'll see where the Lord would lead, but uh we're coming close to the end of this. Certainly, by November, we should be into a new set of series. Amen. God bless you. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, what a joy it is. What a rest it is to know there's a place of comfort. Lord, a pa place of strength, a place where we can go when we've given all we can. When we're worn out and rung out and frustrated and anxious and Lord, just frazzled so many times. Lord, when our emotions get the better of us, when situations seem to overwhelm us. Lord, David said, "Lead me to the rock that's higher than I that can lift us up above it." Lord, we're under an eagle anointing in this last age, Lord. And it lifts us, Lord. The winds of this life, they lift us up, Lord. They raise us closer to you and into your presence. Lord, I pray you help us to seek after you day by day. Lord, there's a rest, there's a joy, there's a peace, there's a love that surpasses all of our understanding, Lord, to take us through this daily walk that we face. Lord, help us to seek after you, Lord, as the young people sang. Lord, as the choir sang today, Lord, keep us desperate for you, Lord. And when we feel that thirst, when we feel something's off, when we feel like we're not quite where we ought to be, Lord, help us to go after the right thing, Lord. Not after screens and entertainment and all these different things, Lord, but let us go to that which satisfies our soul, Lord. That eternal on the internal, Lord, that's inside of us. I pray, Lord, strengthen us, Lord. Lift up weary hands, feeble knees. Lord, help us to stay in your word day by day. Lord, help us to seek your presence, your will, and your way. We ask in Jesus Christ's name we pray it. Amen. Hear my prayer, O Lord. 8.87. Hear my prayer, O Lord. From the ends of the earth I cry. And your peace will lead me to the rock that is higher than I. For you have been my strength in times of trouble, a tower above my eneies. And Lord, I will abide with you forever in the shelter of your wings. So hear my prayer, oh Lord. From the ends of the earth I cry. Your peace will lead me to the rock that is higher than I. For you have been my strength in times of trouble. a tower above my enies. And Lord, I will abide with you forever in the shelter of your wings. So hear my prayer. Oh Lord, from the ends of the earth I cry. Your peace will lead me to the rock that is higher than I. For you have been my strength in times of trouble, a tower above my eneies and Lord I will abide with you forever in the shelter of your wings. Psalm 34, I sought the Lord. 1274, I sought the Lord and he answered me and delivered me from every fear. Those who look on him, our radant, they'll never be ashamed. They'll never be ashamed. And this poor man cried. And the Lord heard me and saved me from my eneies. The son of God surrounds his saints. He will deliver them. He will deliver them. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. [Music] Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Oh, taste and see. Hallelujah. That the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he who abides in him. Oh, fear the Lord. Oh, all you say he'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. Oh, magnify. Oh come exalt his name together glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he who hides in him. Oh, fear the Lord. Oh, all you saints. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night with never ending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Never ending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day night. ever ending praise. May our incense rise. Magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Let us bless the Lord. Every day and night neverending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord. Every day and night, never ending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Never ending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Never ending praise. May our incense rise magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. Amen. Going to sing one more song. Goodness of God 1271. Amen. I'm going to ask brother Vichel to close in prayer again if he would and then remember the Collins family. Remember Biscuit. We took him to the vet and came home with medications and a $517 bill, but he's doing better. Um just trusting the Lord to heal him completely. He's just an animal. I know that. But listen, God sent a possum to a prophet and he laid hands on him. He raised a fish that had its guts torn out from the dead. It's okay. Amen. But let's not forget the Collins family especially. Amen. Those that aren't here, I see Cassandra. Is Cassandra here today? I didn't see her. No, she's not here. Let's remember her. She bears a heavy burden. Church, she needs our prayers, our support as much as we can give it. Amen. And pray for each other. There's many things people are dealing with. Sickness, hardship, darkness, unending sometimes. Amen. We need to be praying for one another. Say, "Lord, lay someone on my heart." Amen. We thank the Lord that Sister Sarah Graham came through her surgery, trusting the Lord to continue to be with her. Help her to heal completely. My father as well. They're saying sometime between now and Tuesday, they keep waiting for an opening. They're monitoring him. Let's continue to pray for him. Amen. That the Lord would just touch his soul above all else. Amen. Amen. Let's uh sing this and brother Visha will come and close in prayer. I love you, Lord, and for your mercy never fails me. And all my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] And all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am aable, oh I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire in the darkest night. You are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the goodness of God. And all my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. And all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, oh I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] Goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I've surrendered now. I give you everything. And your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I'm surrendered now. I give you everything. And your goodness is running after. It's running after me. And all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Just put up that third one, Selena, if you would. Your goodness is running after me. Remember we read that scripture in Jeremiah. He said, "My thoughts I have you towards you are thoughts of peace and not of evil to bring you to an expected end." I said last service, why does he say not of evil? Because so often it looks like it's not for our good. It hurts, drags us down, wearies us out. But his goodness, he said, all things work together for the good of them who are the called according to his purpose. So you say, "I'm trying to get away from this." Say, "Lord, let your goodness come out of it." That's when it'll be over is when you see his goodness. And you'll be able to see that no matter what happens, his goodness is chasing me. Whether it feels good or not, whether it looks good or not, whether I can see the good or not, his goodness is chasing after me because it's trying, not trying, it will produce a bride of Jesus Christ that is holy, unblameable, unreprovable in his sight. That's what's happening day by day. His goodness is chasing after you. How do you get a good kid? You chase after him with the things that'll make him good. You keep working on him. And it's his goodness that keeps him working on us. Amen. His goodness is running us down. It's about time we stopped and said, "Lord, I surrender. I want to be good. I want your goodness, not just what I think is best for me." Amen. Let's sing that chorus just one more time. The the main chorus if you would, Selena, as brother Vasha would come. And all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. One more time as he comes. And all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. dear heavenly father Lord thank you for your presence Lord we thank you for your word for your help Lord for your grace Lord [Music] we thank you for your word Lord thank you for showing us the way Lord we We pray to you Lord Jesus. We need your help Lord. Please keep showing us the way Lord. You are the way Lord. We pray to you Lord for your help on the sick. Lord strengthen them Lord. Give them your grace Lord. Please bless Brother Wesley. Lord help him recover. Lord help Sister Kim too. Lord &gt;&gt; pour your grace upon them Lord. [Music] We pray to you for brother Dale, Lord. He's been really good to us, Lord. We pray to you for your grace upon him, too. Oh, Lord. Bless sister Cassandra, too, Lord. Be with her, Lord Jesus. Help the kids too, Lord. We pray to you, Lord, for each and every one of us. Lord, you know our needs, Lord. You know what we need, Lord. You you know the plans you have for us Lord. Lead every one of us Lord according to your perfect will Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Help us to separate from the world Lord. Help us to step away more and more. Lord help us walk into your grace. Lord into your thoughts. Lord we pray to you Lord for coming services too. Oh Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Be with us in those services. Lord raise our faith. Lord help us to look a little higher. Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; Help us to look a little higher. Lord, please be with each and everyone. Lord, as we go from here, Lord, please set your shield upon us, Lord. Cover our eyes, Lord, our mind, Lord, our thoughts, Lord. Be with us in this week, Lord. Let our thoughts be our thoughts, Lord. We welcome you, Lord. We love you. We praise you. We want you here, Lord. We praise you in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Great forever. My God and me. I am I [Music] will my soul. and I want my heart and You my [Music] love I know. Oh, he is my God. And [Music] Come with me. My soul [Music] is my God [Music] Heat. Heat. N. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Savior Yeah. I pray for you all my worship Happy to you. I love your heart. We love free. [Music] Happy [Applause] [Music] birthday to you. Happy birthday. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Hey, hey, hey. [Music]
