################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-29 - 20250629 - The Token Life Pt 63 - Absolute Power Pt 6 - Bro Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-29
Title:    20250629 - The Token Life Pt 63 - Absolute Power Pt 6 - Bro Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 35m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5vOaQ7Wc4k
========================================

Description:
Quotes and Scriptures: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1skx3HgoK6iCO3VLgKW5SSgTjJtks4p9m/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Are you [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Let's [Music] stand. Rain down. Oh, and friend. How we need your touch again. Holy Spirit rain [Music] down. Rain down. Rain down. Oh comforter and friend. How we need your touch again. Holy Spirit rain down. the rain down. Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard and change our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy Spirit rain rain down my granite. Oh holy spirit rain rain down. Oh comforter and friend, how we need your touch again. Holy Spirit, rain down. Oh, rain down. Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy Spirit, [Music] rain down. Say one more time. Holy Spirit, rain down. Oh, rain down, oh comforter and friend. How we need your touch again. Holy Spirit, rain down. Oh, rain down. Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy Spirit rain down. Amen. Let's sing uh 12:32. I'm giving my life away. I've seen a vision harsh and sweet of one who gave all he had for me. I've seen the passion of his death man and the forgiveness of his final breath. Now I can never be the same. My heart has been forever changed. I want to live and love and give the way he gave my Now I'm giving my life away. Laying it down on the altar. Now I'm giving my life away. The very least I can offer is my all. So here I stand today giving my life away. No earthly price could be too great. No sacrifice too much to make. No way of measuring the cost. next to the blood of Calary's cross. And if I live, I live for him. Or if I die, I count decayed. My life is not my home but he's from this day on. Help us. Oh, I'm giving my life away. Laying it down on the altar. Now I'm giving my life away. The very least I can offer is my all. So here I stand today, giving my life away. And now I'm keeping my life away. Laying it down on the altar. Now I'm giving my life away. The very least I can offer is my all. So here I stand today, giving my life away. And now I'm giving my life away. Laying it down on the altar. Now I'm keeping my life away. The very least I can offer is my all. So here I stand today. giving my life away and help us welcome everyone here this morning. Want to continue to keep Brother Dale and Sister Lori in prayer. Uh Sister Brenda, also the the Grants. Sister Nikki needs our prayers. She's been sick for a few days now. Uh really not feeling well. and uh so she's had some uh tests and scans and things done and you they're trying to figure out what's uh what's wrong with her and um she's got the fever and different things. So really keep her uh in your prayers. Uh they've got a lot going on and it's uh certainly a time where she needs her her full health. So pray grace to her, brother David's nephew, keep him in prayer. And sister Gordella, Sister Cordella, Brother Nelson Guy, all the other needs that you have, just hold them on your hearts. And ask brother Bob if you want to open in prayer. We'll um we will sing this u let's sing the second verse again. as he comes. No earthly price could be too great. No sacrifice too much to make. No way of measuring the cost. next to the blood of Calary's cross. And if I live, I live for him. Or if I die, I count. My life is not my own. But he's from this day on. [Music] And now I'm giving my life away. Laying it down on the altar. Now I'm giving my life away. The very least I can offer is my all. So be my giving my life away. Oh, Father God, you've done such a great thing in our lives that you've allowed us to give our lives away to you. For you made a way, oh Father, by the cross that you purchased us back. You paid the entire price for our sins, for our salvation. For we are the your purchased, your loved ones, the apple of your eye. And we just want to lift praise and honor and glory unto you. And as we gather in your presence this morning, Father, there are many that have got needs and they were read out. You know them, Father. I don't know these people, but you know them intimately, Lord. And we just ask, oh, Father, God, as the one that paid the price, that took the stripes, and by those stripes, you healed us, Father. And we just hold that promise before you for you are faithful in all things, Lord. And we just want to see the great victories that you will rot in each of their lives. We just thank you now, Lord, that we can gather in your presence. And we just ask, Father, that as brother Jonathan comes behind the sacred desk, that you move the man out of the way and let it be your Holy Spirit that ministers to our hearts. And as we leave today, Lord, let us not leave you, but go with us, Lord. Be in our lives every minute, every hour, every day. Draw us closer to you. Make us over into your image, in your character. we ask in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. Sister Becky and as a special um mom as Sister Marine does as well. So just let's sing the song and um we'll we'll have Sister Becky come. Number 775. Lord, I lift your name on high. [Music] Lord, I lift your name on high. Lord, I love to sing your praises. I'm so glad you're in my life, man. I'm so glad you came to save us. You came from heaven to earth to show the way. From the earth to the cross, my debt to pay. From the cross to the grave. From the grave to the sky. Lord, I lift your name on high. Lord, I lift your name on high. Lord, I love to sing your praises. I'm so glad you're in my life. I'm so glad you came to save us. You came from heaven to earth to show the way. From the earth to the cross. My debt to pray. From the cross to the grave. From the grave to the sky. Lord, I lift your name on high. Lord, I lift your name on high. Lord, I love to sing your praises. My name, I'm so glad you're in my life. I'm so glad you came to save us. You came from heaven to earth to show the way. From the earth to the cross, my debt to pay. From the cross to the grave. From the grave to the sky. Lord, I lift your name on high as you come. You came from heaven to earth to show the way. From the earth to the cross. My debt to pay. From the cross to the grave. From the grave to the sky. Lord, I lift your name on high. [Music] life and task masters bound. [Music] I've been living under privileged [Music] constructing Satan's leading. But then an angel from God came to me with this word. The mystery of who I really am. He said, "You came from God. You go back to God. Come and live in your inheritance. Every place that your feet tread upon that I give to thee. If you say to that mountain be moved, thus thine I shall see. [Music] Because you came from God, you go back to God. Come and live in your inheritance. [Music] Because you came from God, you go back to God. Come and live in your inheritance. Divine nature attributes of God who journeyed into Canaan land. place positionally in Christ the Lord. Victory is in our hands. And with all things under our feet, every enemy we meet, we know that we're the air of God. Every place that your feet tread upon that I give to thee. If you say to that mountain be moved, thus thine eye shall see. Because you came from God, you go back to God. Come and live in your inheritance. Because you came from God, you go back to God. Come and live in your inheritance. The lines have fallen on a boundary. Yes, we know what we can cling. And everything that falls within our Lord, we access it in Christ's name. We don't just stare what he has. We also wear who he is. He's our portion, our inheritance. [Music] Every place that your feet tread upon, that I give to thee. If you say to that mountain be moved, thus thine eye shall see. Because you came from God, you go back to God. Come and live in your inheritance. Because you came from God, you go back to God. Come and live in your inheritance. Every place that your feet tread upon, that I give to thee. If you say to that mountain be moved, thus thine eye shall see. Because you came from God, you go back to God. Come and live in your inheritance. Because you came from God, you go back to God. Come and live in your inheritance. [Music] God bless you. Sunrise. to sunrise. I will seek your face. Drawn by your spirit to the promise of your grace. My heart has found in you a hope that will abide. here in your presence forever satisfied. Take me deeper, deeper in love with you. Jesus, hold me close in your embrace. Take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. Lord, I need to love you more and more. How I long to be deeper in love. There is a longing only you can feel a raging tempest. Only you can still. My soul is thirsting Lord to know as I am known. Drink from the river that flows before your throne. Please take me deeper. Deeper in love with you, Jesus. Hold me close in your embrace. [Music] Take me deeper. Deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be deeper in love. [Music] So sunrise to sunset. Hallelujah. Sorry. Sunrise to sunrise. I will seek your face. [Music] drawn by your spirit to the promise of your grace. For my heart has found in you a hope that will abide here in your presence forever satisfied. [Music] Oh, take me deeper, [Music] deeper in love with you. [Music] Jesus, hold me close in your embrace and take me deeper. Deeper than I've ever been before. I just need to love you more and more. How I long to be deeper in love. Take me deeper. deeper than I've ever been before. I just need to love you more and more. How I long to be deeper in love. Take me deeper. Deeper than I've ever been before. Lord, I want to love you more and more. How I long to be deeper in love. Let's start with the chorus. Start with the chorus. [Music] And if that is in love, let's stand. The ocean is dry, man. There's no stars in the sky. And the sparrow can't fly. If that isn't love, then heavens are me. [Music] There's no feeling like this. [Music] If that is in love. If that isn't love. The ocean is dry. There's no stars in the sky. And the sparrow can fly. If that isn't love, then heavens are me. There's no feeling like this. If that isn't love. If that isn't love. The ocean is dry. There's no stars in the sky. [Music] And the sparrow can fly. If that isn't love, then heavens are me. There's no feeling like this. [Music] If that is in good. Amen. Let's sing 246. How great thou art. [Music] Oh Lord my God. And I in awome wonder conceiter all the worlds I hands have made. I see the stars. I hear the rolling thunder that power throughout the universe display. Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou art. And through the woods my and for it glades I wonder and hear the birds sing sweetly in the trees. When I look down lofty mountain grandure and hear the brook and feel the gentle breeze. and sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou was. How great thou was. and sings my soul, my savior God to thee my glory. How great thou are, how great thou are. And when I think that God is son not sparing sent him to die. I scarce can't take him out. Oh glory. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. And on the cross, my burden gladly. Thank you, Lord. He bled and died to take away my sin. Hallelujah. and sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou was. and sinks my soul, my Savior God to thee. How great thou art, how great thou are when Christ shall come. aation and take me home man. What joy shall fill my heart. Then I shall bow in humble adoration. And they're proclaiming, "My God, how great thou art." Then sings my soul. [Music] To thee, how great thou art. How great thou art. Then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. How great thou art. How great thou art. Amen. Hallelujah. Lord, we could praise you all day long. Lord, from the coming up of the sun to the going down of the same. Lord, we'd never run out of things to thank you for. We'd never run out of things to praise you for. We'd never run out of things to worship you for, heavenly father. Lord, you are a good God. You are our only God. You are our father, our savior, our healer, our deliverer. Lord, you are our all and all. And we want to thank you this morning, Lord. We want to say we love you, heavenly father. Lord, not just with our words, Lord, but with our lives, our thoughts, Lord, our actions day by day. Lord, I pray that we'd reflect the love that we confess, Lord, through the things that we do and say. Lord, I pray you just take this service now, Lord, that you would take these thoughts, Lord. May you just minister to your people, Lord. May you speak into their lives and situations, Lord, areas I know nothing of, Lord. May you draw us closer to you this morning once again, Lord. May we rise in faith, Lord. May we walk out different than when we came in, Lord. May we may we walk out more like Christ than when we came in, Lord. May we walk out more surrendered than when we came in, Lord. And may we walk out more full of you than when we came in as well. We pray, Lord, bless your people, we ask, Lord, praying a special request for Sister Nikki this morning, Lord God. Lord, your grace that you would raise her up out of her bed, Lord, you see the busy time they're in, Lord. Praying your mercy and grace to her, Lord, Brother Grant also as he's working this morning, Lord. May you be with him as well. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. and we're asking and praying it. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Turn if you would. 1 Peter chapter 4. 1 Peter chapter 4. Amen. Definitely want to keep remembering Sister Nikki, Brother Grant. I spoke with him this morning and he said that he's been with her at the hospital and then came in and headed into a 12-h hour shift. So, he's pretty worn out. So, I said we'd be praying for him and just trusting we will. Amen. Certainly enjoyed the specials this morning. Sister Becky playing and singing. God bless you. And then Sister Moren following up as well. Beautiful. Amen. Both songs were just just beautiful this morning. God bless you. It's always a treat to have those specials in a service. Amen. Two scriptures. I'll just read the first one and we'll read the second one together. But just the first half of Phileiman 1:1 says, "Paul a prisoner of Jesus Christ." And then in 1 Peter 4:1 it says, "For as much then as Christ hath suffered suffered for us in the flesh, arm yourselves likewise with the same mind. For he that hath suffered in the flesh hath ceased from sin, that he no longer should live the rest of his time in the flesh to the lusts of men, but to the will of God." Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats again this morning. And we're continuing our series on the Holy Ghost, a tok to token life, and a sixth service on absolute power. And I trust this is hitting home as we start to bring it down the home stretch. I don't think I'll ever stop preaching on the Holy Ghost. That's for sure. But certainly we're going to eventually have to turn this series down and we'll start some other things that the Lord's been leading me within the next few weeks. Amen. Last service we spoke a lot about what leadership looks like. We talked about Paul and the apostles and how we can get to a place where the power of God can flow through us because we're under his perfect leadership. And that's really the key to this series on absolute power. And that's where our focus will be today. And I want to focus on Paul because Paul's a perfect example of what God does with a person that has everything. You know, you look at Peter. Peter didn't have a whole lot. Peter, the scripture says, he was ignorant and unlearned. Peter was a fisherman. Peterman was a bluecollar worker. Peter was not well educated. He wasn't known for his intellect. He wasn't known for his panache, his his great uh ability to speak or anything like that. Peter didn't have a whole lot going on for him. And so maybe we'd say, well, it's easier for Peter to lay things down because he didn't have a whole lot going for him. Peter was never going to be a big man in the town or in the village or in the church or anything like that. But when you look at Paul, Paul had something to bring to the table. In fact, Paul had everything you'd think you'd need to be a great believer. And if we go back to the book of Philippians, we see Paul's own estimation for himself. And this is not Paul bragging. This is Paul looking back on what he was versus what he is. And it's a good thing to remember how he does this. He says this, "Though I might also have confidence in the flesh, if any other man thinkketh that he had whereof he might trust in the flesh, I more." Now, that's a really complicated sentence. Let me break it down into English from another translation. It says, "This is Paul speaking now, the prophet to the age. Others may brag about themselves, but I have more reason to brag than anyone else." That's Paul's starting place. See, Peter was a nobody. Peter, all Peter brought was a a an overestimation of his courage and his commitment. That's all really Peter brought to the table. Paul, on the other hand, says, "Before I came to Christ, if anyone had reason to brag, I did." Who has two thumbs up and is awesome? Paul. Paul had a great estimation of himself before he came to Christ. He says, "I was circumcised the eighth day of the stock of Israel, of the tribe of Benjamin, a Hebrew of the Hebrews, as touching the law of a Pharisee, an impeccable uh pedigree, an impeccable family, the best of the best, trained and taught to be a Pharisee." Now, that word Pharisee is special in its own because it means separatist. And the inference there was that they were separated from sin. In other words, if you were a Pharisee, you were the elite believers in the church. You are better than the other believers in the church because your very name declared, "I am separated from sin and my life backs it up." So Paul was the best of the best inside of the church. And we'll see that the best of the best are often the worst of the worst. I'm sorry to say it that way, but Paul called himself the chiefest of sinners. Church, I'm not putting Paul down. Paul said, "I am the chiefest of sinners." Because look at what he did with everything he had. That's what his real sin was. Misapplied religion. He said, "Concerning zeal, I was persecuting the church. Touching the righteousness which is in the law, I was blameless." In other words, Paul thought before he came to Christ that the life that he lived was perfect and acceptable before Almighty God. that under the law of Moses, he could walk into the presence of God and God would accept him. That's what Paul thought about himself, church. His claim before he was born again was that he was blameless. That's arrogance. We look at this and if we were to summarize Paul to this point, we'd say he was on the fast track. On the fast track in the church. on the fast track in politics, on the fast track to influence, on the fast track to being somebody. That's what Paul was on. He had everything going his way. Amen. Educated, knew the scriptures, knew how to apply them. Paul knew everything it took to be a wonderful believer. But yet, we look in verse 7 and he says these words, "But what things were gained to me? Those I counted lost for Christ." That same translation I read earlier says these things were my assets but I wrote them off as a loss for the sake of Christ. He says yeah doubtless and I count all things but loss for the excellency of the knowledge of Christ Jesus my Lord for whom I have suffered the loss of all things and to count them but dung that I may win Christ. Church, you know what happened to Paul here? Paul fell out of love with himself and he fell into love with Jesus Christ. That's what happened. We can bring so much to the table and we can bring a little, we can bring a lot, but there are things that we think are great about ourselves and we can fall so in love with those things. Paul says everything's lost. There is nothing worth taking but dung. He says it's poop. I don't know if you know this, but it's not worth a whole lot unless you're a farmer. everything. He says, "I count everything. Everything a loss compared to gaining Christ." It can be easy to elevate ourselves so many times based on our Christian heritage, based on the fact that you might be a a minister's spouse or a minister's child or the founder of the church or these different things. I'm not preaching at anyone this morning by God's grace. But we can elevate ourselves based on what was and what we have and what we bring to the table. And that has absolutely nothing of value in God's eyes. Has nothing of value in God's eyes. I believe it was brother Jason Watkins said, you know, uh, sons of prophets are the ones that have the worst track record. Sons of ministers and sons of prophets, don't lose heart, Jonathan Jensen and Samuel this morning, but it's the ones that are coming out of the great ministries and great families that tend to struggle. So, heritage doesn't get you anywhere in the eyes of God. It's a one-on-one experience where he comes in and he changes our life. Amen. It can be easy to take our position in church and the influence that we have and the respect we've been given and our ability to sway decisions and these things and we think we're somebody. Now, sometimes we say, "Well, I don't think that." But let something go the way you don't think it should go in the church. And that's when you find out, have I elevated myself above the leadership of the Holy Spirit in the local body. Amen. We can get to the place we are so convinced of our rightness that we can never be corrected. I was talking with someone the other day and I said, "Sometimes things have to go against what we firmly believe is the leadership of the Holy Spirit or his will for a local body or a church just to see what our attitude's going to be." that God could literally point us in the wrong direction just to see what our attitude is going to be like when it doesn't go the way that we want. When things are voted in the church a certain way, when the the pastor, the deacons make decisions. We've gone through this in this church, haven't we? We've gone through five years, we went through COVID where we had all sorts of things. And what did it do, church? It proved our attitudes. As we've had transitions in leadership, what does it do? It proves our attitudes. Are we there for me or are we there for the body? And more to the point, are we there to have and do what God would have and do? Paul learned humility really quickly. Because with everything that he had learned, he had never learned humility. With all of the great things that he had, his knowledge of the scripture, his training, sitting under the greatest teacher of that time, none of that had taught Paul humility. But once he had an experience with Christ and got knocked off of his horse on the road to Damascus, Paul learned humility real fast. Because what he realized is everything I've been living, everything I've been believing, everything I've been doing is 100% contrary to what is right. That's a humbling moment. That's a humbling moment. Amen. But we see Paul, even if he even as he moved into his ministry, he became the prophet to the age. He became the instructor to the age. He was the highest authority of that age. And you'll see Paul never pointed to himself unless he could do it to benefit somebody else. And he'd say, "Listen, help them as you would help me if I was there. Treat them like you would treat me. The honor you give me, give it to somebody else because they're the ones that need it." Paul used his own power and authority to benefit everybody else. And took nothing for himself. To the point where he went to certain churches and he says, "I won't even take your tithes. I'll work with my hands so that you have nothing to hold against me to say he's in it for himself." And so he sat down. He did tent making for a while and these different things. But sometimes we need to stop and take inventory of where we are. By that I mean take inventory of where we're headed, what we're doing, and what it's producing in our lives. Because it's really easy to say, "I'm a believer. I'm a child of God. I believe this message. Therefore, I am blessed." And literally rest on the fact that we are a believer, a child of God. and never lift a foot, never move our hands, never get involved with anything, never seek after God. We can literally be cruising along, church. A cruising Christian is usually a lazy Christian. When we lose that fervor, we lose that zeal, we lose that desperation for the refreshing of the presence of God. When we lose that, we lose the victory because we we redo, we push him out and other things start to creep into our lives. We'll say, "God will take care of me. God's got his hand in my life. I'm good." Yes, he's there, but we're in a battle, church. We're in a battle. We've got to be fighting every single day. Overcoming. See, we've turned overcoming too many times into avoiding the fight instead of winning the fight. We've turned blessing into I don't have to fight. That's not the promise, church. The promise is for the overcomer, not the avoider. We're not supposed to go around seeking fights, but we're in a battle day by day. And if we're not feeling the squeeze, I question whether we're in a battle. If we're not in any sort of desperation, if there's nothing that's pressing on us, I wonder if we're really in a battle. I've never been in a real battle. I've been in an airsoft. And that alone spikes your temperature. It spikes your heart rate. Things slow down. Every crackling branch is a deadly enemy sniper or brother Joe on a rampage. I know what it's like to be in a fake battle. And guess what? There are moments where you do desperate things where you dive and you roll into into ground that you don't even know what what waits for you because you just don't want to get shot. You don't cruise through battles. You don't. It's handto hand. It's desperate. It's hard every single day. Amen. We've got to be able to look at this privilege that we have as believers and say, "What am I producing in my life?" Because if all we're doing is producing what Paul said before his conversion, which is what? I'm the best of the best. I'm the elite of the elite. I know the scriptures. I'm well taught. That's not the fruit of Christ. That's the fruit of men. That's the fruit of religion. That's the fruit of denomination. Saying, "I know the message inside and out. I know the mysteries. I know what's under the seven seals. I know all the quotes." That won't get you there. Knowing the truth won't get you there. You've got to become the truth. You've got to become the life. You've got to become the way. You've got to be what you read about. Amen. Brandon would say this. He says, "I've always believed in shouting and jumping, but I've always said, don't jump any higher than you live because the world is going to watch that." You see, he says, "You must just jump as high as you live because somebody is watching you." And there the greatest stumbling block that the world has got is the man or woman who professes to be a Christian and lives something different from their profession. He says, "Always don't judge your life by how much power you have to perform miracles." See, we think absolute power is what I can do. He says, "And we don't judge ourselves by how much knowledge we have of the word." He says, "But always judge yourself looking back and taking inventory of what kind of fruit that the life you presently live now is bearing." See, past decisions and past fruit are okay, but what's happening today? What power is flowing through our life today? Remember, he is the vine. We are the branches. If we bore fruit last season, that's great. But what are we doing this season? A ship doesn't sail on yesterday's wind. We can't live off of yesterday's experience. There's got to be something that's flowing through us day by day by day. Jesus said, "I've ordained you that your fruit would remain." It's a constant producing of the life of Jesus Christ. And we see with Paul that he took him from a man that had everything to a man that could produce everything. It wasn't what he brought to the table. It's what the life of Christ produced with him. And Paul became a completely different man. He went out on the back side of the desert in Arabia for three and a half years. And God took did a work with Paul. Paul took, God took Paul and he just hung him over a cliff by his feet and he shook him and let everything that Paul thought was of value fall out of his pockets, fall out of his life, fall out of his mind. See, Paul couldn't come in and say, "I know the scriptures." The Holy Ghost had to take every scripture he'd memorized and tied together and untie all those knots. Because Paul had tied himself into an antichrist knot with his religious seal. So God had to come in and cut every one of those links, every one of those beliefs, every one of those ties, every one of those concepts, every one of those doctrines, every one of those isms, every righteousness that he thought he had. And God had to take them and dump them over a cliff so that he could flip them, stand them up on his two feet, and get them squared away. That's the only way God can ever work with us. Amen. The Holy Spirit had to come in and now Paul has to look through the lens of what? Truth and life. It's not religion now. It's not a man's teaching. But now he's got life on the inside. And it brings revelation. And he starts to what? Put the picture back together of the scriptures so that he sees Jesus Christ in every single page. And the thing that he was persecuting became the thing that he believed. And this is Paul's testimony now in Acts. This is his testimony after God is finished with him in the desert. He says, "But this I confess unto thee, that after the way which they call heresy, so worship I, the God of my fathers, believing all things which are written in the law and the prophets." In other words, the way that I used to think is right is now wrong. And the way I used to think is wrong is now right. Paul's had a complete 180°ree turnaround in his life. And he couldn't do that by carrying forward anything he brought to the table. He had to lay every single thing down. Amen. He's reading the same book, but something's different. And he's got a different filter now. And it's the filter of the Holy Spirit. See, church, if we've got if we think we know it all, there's no room for God. What can he add if I think I know it all? If I think I have it all, then God can't do anything because there's no room for him to add it. So Paul had to be emptied out so that Christ could be poured in. So that the true revelation of the word could be poured into his heart and his soul and his mind. But when Paul really realized how wrong he was, it was the greatest thing that ever happened to him. It was the greatest thing that ever happened to him. He says three and a half years down there laying in the word and finding out that the very God that called him was taking him back and changing all of his intellect, changing all that he ever thought, all that he had trained to be. All his ambition just wiped it away from him and he became a prisoner. The love of God had been so tremendous, such a revelation that he could not get away from it. I said this at the beginning that Paul fell out of love with himself and he fell in love with Jesus Christ. He says that's the true experience of every real believer who meets God. You come in contact with something that's so great that you become a prisoner. You get away from everything to imprison yourself to this. It's expressed one time where Jesus said, "The kingdom of heaven is something like a man buying pearls that when he finds that great pearl, he sells all that he's got it to get that one." He says, "And that's the way here." You have an intellectual conception, you have an a theological experience, but when it comes to a time that you really find the real thing, you just sell out everything else and you close yourself to this. I spoke earlier of that quote and read it about looking at our lives and judging ourselves. But I want to ask us this morning, does our life's fruit represent a soldout condition? A truly soldout condition. See, we want all the power. We want the blessings. We want the authority. We want the impact. But will we let go of whatever it takes to get it? We've got to let go of all we are, all we know, all we have, all we want, so that we can have what he has. That's the only way it's going to work. It's an all or nothing proposition. Amen. Are we willing to let go of whatever it takes to get what God has for us? What is it where I'm willing to lay down this morning? You say, "Brother John, there's nothing I would lay down. There's nothing I wouldn't lay down." If you've never given your life, that's the problem. You won't lay it down. And if you have given your life so many times, what's holding us back is we won't lay down that little thing. That little thing, cuz it's worth too much to us. It's worth too much to us. And sometimes it's a blessing we've got. We won't give down that blessing. Sometimes it's relationships, sometimes it's habits, sometimes it's ministry, sometimes it's position, sometimes it's money, sometimes it's that that ease and relaxation that we have in our life. And we come to a place where we say, "God, you have you can have anything, but you can't have that." Now, we will never say that. We will never say that. But our actions speak for us. Because if I say, "God, you can have anything but that," then that would tell the truth on me, wouldn't it? And one thing I don't do well is tell the truth on myself. That's what the Holy Spirit's for. Brother Bram says the Holy Ghost will tell the truth on you. That's what the preaching of the word is for is to tell us the truth when we can't say it ourselves. Amen. But if you've got these things and you say your actions say I won't let it go, that tells you you probably need to let it go. It tells you you probably need it to go because where your treasure is, that's where your heart is also. And whatever it is you won't give up for God, that's where your treasure is. That's where your bottleneck is. That's where the knot is. That's got everything kinkedked up inside of our lives. Like I said, we won't say it out loud, but our actions will say that. Now, let me speak personally, okay? Let me let me pick on myself because I've had to have this conversation already with myself. I was talking with some people about this recently. What if God came down and said, "John, I want you to go full-time ministry." no day job. What would that look like? Well, one, let me start with the reasoning we typically use. God gave me that job. It's a blessing. It's a provision. I'm not stressed out about it. It I can do it and still stay relaxed. I I'm uh uh it it helps drive me. I enjoy it. I enjoy the people. I enjoy the work. I get all these things from it. God gave it to me. Church, the Lord gives and the Lord takes away. What he is gives as a blessing today may be a trap tomorrow because he's got something better for us sometimes than what he's already given us. There are stages of life and sometimes we've got to let go of that thing that we enjoy so much to take what he has that's so much better. Amen. I can come up with a million reasons why I should not give up my day job. For one, life is a whole lot easier when I've got a regular day job. It's easier for me financially. It's easier for my family. It's easier for this church. But the question is not is it good or bad for me. It's what is the Lord's will for me. And so I say this, I hope if and when he tells me, I say, "Lord, I'll lay it down." Because I'll tell you this, church, if he doesn't, I'll start to realize the impact of turning God down. It doesn't go well. It doesn't go well. Especially for ministers. Especially for ministers. We've got to be so obedient to those things because God is using us in very particular ways. And if we don't yield, the people suffer and you would pay for my indecision or my lack of willingness to lay that down. Amen. We don't always have to let go of bad things. Sometimes it's good things that are just taking up our time. And God wants more of our time. You want more of God, you got to give him more of your time. And sometimes we've got to lay down things that are not bad in and of themselves, but he just needs more of our time. Listen to this. He says he had learned speaking of Paul on the backside of the Arabian desert there when all his former things and experiences and ambition that he had been stripped of those things. He says now that's where we find today that we must be stripped first and people don't want to be stripped. The Methodist brother wants to hold a little bit of his Methodist teaching. The Baptist brother wants to hold a little bit of his Baptist teaching. We covered this, remember when we talked about traditions and bringing in doctrines of men and teachings of men and these different things today. But we can hold on to things because we're convinced they're good and they're from God. And the fact that we have to let them go doesn't change the fact that they're good or are from God. All it means is that he wants us to let go so that he can do something else with us. Okay? What's a blessing today might be a trap tomorrow. We talk about golden handcuffs where you got have a job that pays you so much money, but you're miserable and it's killing your family life. It's killing your church life. Golden handcuffs. You say it's a blessing. I have this much money. Is it a blessing when it impacts our our service to the body? It can't be. It's not a It's not a blessing. It can't be those things. I was reading this quote. I I this thought was going through my head as I was studying. Hold all things loosely. And it was Corey Tboom. Do you remember Corey Tenboom? She was a Holocaust survivor. She said, "I've learned that I must hold everything loosely because when I grip it tightly, it hurts when the father pri my fingers loose and takes it from me. Hold all things loosely." You know, Paul would even say, he'd talk about, he'd say, "Listen, don't even say you're going to go somewhere and do some business. We're going to go and we're going to gain and we're going to sell and we're going to make money." He said, even in those little things, he says, "Say if the Lord wills." if the Lord wills. He says, "But you've got to be." He says, "The world doesn't want to be stripped." He says, "But you've got to absolutely be stripped of everything and just born again aresh and take up from there and let the Holy Spirit lead." You can't say, "Well, now my daddy said when he got went in, he went in the church and he shook hands with the pastor. He's a good loyal member." He says, "That might have been all right for his race, but we're in another race." He says, "Now we must come back to the Bible times for this day. What's what was allowed back then may not be allowed today. The standard is not loosening, church. The standard never changes. But we're coming back to that." And so what worked for yesterday may not work today because God will not look past ignorance in an age when the book is completely open. We have no reason for these things. Remember we spoke last service about Paul was going through Asia and the Holy Spirit said, "Don't preach in Asia." And Paul said, "Okay, no big deal. I was walking through. I figured I'd preach, but there was no burning desire to do it. That's just what I do. I preach everywhere I go." But then remember, he wanted to go to Bethna and there was a a longing, a personal desire there. And the Holy Spirit said, "No, don't do it. Keep going." And that's always the challenge of our faith. And that's when we find out if we've been stripped down. And stripped out is when the Holy Spirit comes and says, "That desire you have in your heart, you can't have it." And will we lay down our ambition? Will we lay down that desire? Will we lay down that fervor for something? And it can literally be that, church. It can be an absolute burning fervor to do something for God. And there's nothing wrong with it. But God says it's not my will. That's what shows if we're stripped down is our is our attitude when he says those things to us. We read this quote last time, but I really intended it for this service. I'm going to read it again. This is speaking of Paul and he says he knew that he could not go to places being harnessed to this what harnessed to the Holy Spirit. But yet he wanted to go. He knew that his ambition drew him amongst brethren where he was invited to come. And yet he was pressed in the spirit to do something else. He wasn't his own. Maybe somebody could say, "Brother Paul, we want you to come over because we have the biggest church. We have the biggest congregation. Your offerings will be great." He says, "But being pressed in the spirit," he thought, "I got a brother over there. I'd like to go over and save this brother. Get him to the Lord." Now, see, there are natural reasons to go, and then there's spiritual reasons to go. The size of the offering is not the reason we go. Now, let me tell you this. God will provide for you. And sometimes you'll go to a place where you know you're going to get a good offering cuz you need it. But watch now while he comes around and he says he drops into Paul's mind and Paul's not thinking about offerings, but Paul's thinking about I've got a brother there that I want to preach to. I got a brother that needs to be saved. There's nothing church more spiritual than saving a soul. And he's dropping down into the mind of a prophet which is there are souls there that need this message that I'm bringing. He says, "But yet the spirit pressed him to go somewhere else." He was a prisoner. And now he says these words, "Oh God, make us prisoners like that from our own selfish ambition, from our own judgments and our better way of thinking to be a prisoner of Jesus Christ." Now, we're preaching on absolute power again. And the power of God can only flow through a person that has given control over to him. That's the only way it can work. Amen. That's the way God works. But look at the traps that are listed here. The first thing the prophet says, he says, is selfish ambition. Now, the trap here is that you're doing something godly, but for personal gain or benefit. In other words, it's a win-win. I can go do something for God. It looks good. It benefits others. And it benefits me. But the reason I'm doing it is not for them. The reason I'm doing it is for me. And that's not going to work. That's never going to work. Amen. That's an absolute curse to a Christian is when we're doing something because it benefits me and somebody else, but our real reason is because it benefits me. That's selfish ambition. It's selfish ambition. Remember God told Paul, he says, "Appeal to Caesar." And Paul appealed to Caesar. And it takes him what, a year and a half, two years to get there. And when he gets there, all on his journey, he's writing letters. When he's there, he's writing letters and in the end he finishes the the most of the New Testament and then he gives his life. Not fun. Not a fun time. Imprisoned, shipwrecked, all these different things. But that was God's will. Paul had no selfish ambition when he appealed to Caesar. It was exactly what God told him to do. And there was not a whole lot good in that for Paul. If we're speaking carnally, he didn't have freedom to visit. He didn't have freedom to go preach everywhere. He had about 14 years before that and then after that it was off to Caesar and he really never got to go much. He had a little interlude in there where he was able to go off and come back and then after that it was they chopped his head off I believe. Not exactly an ambitious trip and that's what we're talking about. When it's God's ambition, not ours, it usually doesn't look so good for us. Amen. But throw this one out. Selfish ambition. Then he says personal judgment. This is our opinions of situations of people. Who's in? Who's out? Who's a real believer? Who's a pretended believer? Who's not a believer? Who made the right decision? Who made the wrong decision? We all do it. Personal judgment. I'm not saying get rid of your discernment, church. But the thing is this. To have discernment for others, you must first have self-disc. That's the only way it will work. And I found the more self-determinment I have, the less I want to focus on brother Vichel. Why? Cuz this guy needs a whole lot of work. This guy needs so much work day by day by day that I don't have a whole lot of time to wonder about whether brother Vichel's in or out, good or bad. Making decisions I agree with or don't agree with. The arrogance that somebody might do something I don't agree with. Wow. Personal judgment. Then he says the better way of thinking. That's trying to do God's will your way. Okay? God's will means you got to do it God's way. If it's God's will, then it's God's way. If it's your will, it's your way. But you can't do God's will and your way. It doesn't work. It's one or the other. Amen. God's the absolute, not us. Amen. So, we don't have a right to inject our opinions, our experiences, our way of doing things, whatever that might be. We can we can see God's will. This is the way it works. We see God's will and then we apply our way of thinking to create a path that will produce the result that he's talked about. And we'll see all the pieces that need to be moved. We'll see all the people that need to be changed, the walls that need to be broken, the doors that need to be opened, walls that need to be broken down, tunnels that need to be dug. And we've got this grand master plan and we're a great chess master and God's sitting back there in the corner saying, "Silly humans, silly humans, will they ever learn?" I I think he giggles sometimes. Maybe not, cuz Jesus would always say, "Oh, ye of little faith, how long will I suffer you?" Cuz we come in and we think we've got it. We figured it out. We know his will. Therefore, we know his way. And that is not the way it works. It is his will and it is his way. Amen. We need leadership. Amen. We need to be led by the spirit, not sitting there trying to make all these things happen because we know what should happen. Now, as I was studying this, I thought of Noah. You know that there's a saying that uh amateurs built the ark and professionals built the Titanic. But when you look at Noah's ark, it it's quite quite a marvel because remember God told Noah to build an ark and he told him how to build it. He told him what to build it out of. He told him the construction methods. He told him how to waterproof it. All these different things. And maybe Noah had some idea of how to handle it building a ship. But all we know is that he built it exactly the way that God built it. Now there was a Korean team that did a bunch of engineering analysis on Noah's ark. And this is published if you go to uh that that uh creation website. They've got they've got it there and they have a link to the fully technical things. But they did a an engineering stress analysis and a motion analysis for Noah's ark for flood conditions and they came up with some really interesting things. So what they found is that the ark is not the best boat design in all conditions. You'd think that's God's design. it should be able to do everything because what they did was they took Noah's ark according to the dimensions that God said built to the materials assigned a certain value to the the wood strength and these different things but then what they did was they did what they felt would be an optimal solution that would produce the same internal volume to carry the same number of people and animals so they did their design they took conventional ship designs that are out there for these same purposes and they compared them to Noah's arc and what they found is Noah's Ark was not the best in all situations but it was always in the top seven. Okay. But so it wasn't the best with the biggest waves. It wasn't the best with a confused sea where waves are coming from all different directions, but it was consistently near the top in all of those tests. Noah's arc could handle a wave that was 155 ft tall. That's as high as the Scotia Center downtown St. John's. As far as I know, that's the tallest building down in St. John's. Noah could handle that without founding. 155 ft tall. It is 13 times more stable than the modern requirement for a passenger ferry. In other words, you could take Noah's ark today and put it immediately into ferry service and it would pass all tests for stability. In other words, it wouldn't rock and roll and pitch to make people sick. It's 13 times better than the minimum standard. Okay? But catch this church. There was one way and one test that it beat all others and that was in a a sea where there was a prevailing wind that produced consistent wind direction, wave direction. And that's the key element because after 40 days of chaos which the ship would survive it faced 330 days of the wind blowing in one direction producing large waves because there was nothing to disrupt the wind. You see what was happening was the whole earth was covered top to bottom. And so when the wind blows it's just going from one direction. It's not blowing from all different directions because it's muddied up by mountains sticking up out of the ground and valleys and vortexes and all these things. the winds blowing in one direction at any given time. And so the waves are going in one direction and Noah's ark was the best with big waves blowing in the same d going in the same direction all the time. Why, church? Cuz God knew the conditions. God knew the prevailing conditions that that boat was going to have to survive. 40 days of confus and then 330 days. He built it for the 330 days. So they were most comfortable, strongest in a boat that was designed for the exact conditions they went through. church. What does that tell me? One, it tells me God's a better engineer than I am. With all of my stress uh calculation software, our simulation software and and our knowledge of materials and all these things, he knows what he's doing. And if we'll just listen to what he tells us to do, the results fall into his hands now instead of ours. And we get exactly what he promised. Amen. I know I've said it before, but I want to bring it to this situation. And when God called me to the ministry, I said, "I don't think that's a good idea." Why? Because I'm a curlet and I'm an engineer. And that's a deadly combination. Because those people think they're usually right, always right. They want things a certain way. They like to be in control. They like things to be predictable. They don't like change. They like to perform to perfection. And they don't like to make mistakes. We call it paralysis by analysis. Working so hard to be perfect that you never do any work. You never get anywhere. You never do anything. And church, I don't know if you know this, but ministers can't be perfect. Ministers can't be in control. They can't perform. Ministry is not about performance. It's become performance, but it's not about performance. It's not about perfection. In fact, we make many mistakes. Brother Joe has a he has a compendium of my mistakes over the pulpit. The funny ones like uh blonde eyes and blue hair if you remember that doozy. In other words, you know why I didn't think it was a good idea? Because I didn't want to do all that changing. Who wants to do all that changing? I'd rather stay right all the time. I'd rather stay in control. Now, you know that as a believer, God's never going to let you get away with that, even if you're not a minister. But the simple fact is when I looked at what I was by nature, the son of Lanny and Sandy Klette, and what God was calling me to as a son of God, there was a great gulf between those two. and he was going to fill it in with the powdered remains of my natural man, coat it over with grace and the blood of Jesus Christ to make a path over to where I needed to be. But God didn't say, "You're right or you're wrong." God doesn't have to answer our questions or he's above that. All he said was, "I've called you. What are you going to do? Yes or no?" I said, "Yes, Lord." Here we are. For my thoughts are not your thoughts. Neither are your ways my ways, sayeth the Lord. For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways and my thoughts than your thoughts. We can look at things. We can look at people. We can look at situations. We can look at decisions and think, "I've got it figured out." We think we've got the moves that have to be made, the people that have to go here, the things that have to go there. Like I said, God's just sitting back and saying, "Silly human. Silly human." Remember Christopher Robin, Winnie the Pooh? Silly Pooh Bear. I think that's what God's doing many times. We're trying to figure it out. trying to make it happen and it'll never work that way. He says you might have to walk contrary to your better judgment. He says maybe in a certain organization you might think they could lift you up and give you something great that you might flash. He says but how what do you find yourself? You find yourself defeated after a while until God can get a man that's willing to become a prisoner to him. See you'll go a while and you'll see some success but it won't last. You're a flash in the pan. It's quick and then it's gone. He says God is looking for prisoners. He's always done it. You might search it through scripture. A man has to be a prisoner to Christ and against anything. He says, "Therefore, you cannot be connected with anything but Christ. Even your father, your mother, your brother, your sister, your husband, your wife, anybody." He says, "You're only connected with Christ and him only. Then God can use you and until then, you can't." I want to dwell on that for a moment because sometimes our connections are what get us into trouble. Amen. They're what hinder growth. They would hinder correction. They're what hinder the spirit of God from moving amongst the people. Amen. They are what allow politics to play in the church and keep a cleaning out from happening too many times. We can be so committed to preserving our image or somebody else's, their reputation, their ministry, their position that we never allow the spirit of God to handle situations correctly. I've seen churches fall because the minister was supported instead of the word. And I'm speaking specifically of my experience in Texas. Well, what was it? Close friend, charismatic, everybody loved him. and we laid the word aside because we understood the way he was. We didn't really understand the way he was, but we gave him a pass because well, that's just the way he is. We know that's a weakness of his. We know that, you know, he's not us he's not always on time and he's a little scatterbrained and these different things. But when it starts to impact the way you're ministering, the way you handle the the the congregation, the sheep, when you start seeing a minister coming in and he's a young man and he's reusing notes because he's clearly not studying, things like that. And what did we do? We pushed it aside. So, I don't blame that man. He bears blame for what he did and for staying in the pulpit in the condition he was in. But I blame myself because I elevated him above the word of God. Because why? The minute you do something like that, it throws a wrench into the middle of the church. What are we going to do? How are we going to pull through it, church? The thing is, if we don't fix it, we're never going to pull through it. It's just a grenade that's going to blow at some point or another. It's better to do it by the word rather than do it because you finally find out what that person is and what they're doing. If we could nip it in the butt up front, we'd be a healthier, cleaner church every single time. Healthier families, all of these different things, it applies. Amen. But I put my relationship with that man. He was my best friend there in Texas. I put my relationship with him above the word. And so when it was all said and done, I've said this before. I said, "Lord, how in the world did you let this happen?" And the thing that came back was you knew what my word said about these things and you put it aside because you understood that man. It was my fault. as a deacon in the church for not saying we need to sit down and talk through some things. We're a part of the body of Christ church, but it's the Holy Ghost that keeps us together. Not the power of a man's ministry, not his influence, not his character even. It is the spirit of God that brings us and baptizes us into one body. And if we're wrong, we've got to be able to repent. We've got to be able to admit it. And we've got to be able to make it right. Amen. We see Paul going around and Paul was no respector of persons. And by that I mean Paul didn't back down because somebody was a big shot in the church. Look at what he did with Peter in Galatians. It says, "But when Peter was come to Antioch, I withtood him to the face because he was to be blamed." Paul does the harder work. He went and he talked to Peter face to face. He didn't write Peter a scathing email or letter or a text. He went and he said, "Pete, we need to talk." He says, "For before that certain came from James, he did eat with the Gentiles, but when they were come, he withdrew and separated himself, fearing them which were of the circumcision." So before James and some Jews came along, Peter was eating and fellowshipping with the Gentiles. Peter wasn't even living according to the Jewish law church. He had let many of them go. But as soon as James and other Jews came, he separated from the Gentiles who were his brothers in Christ. And he went and he only sat and ate with the Jews. and he lived a Jewish life all over again. It's amazing how we can be fearless with the world and we bow down before somebody that's a believer believer. They're believers, but that we'll bow down before the opinion of a professing believer whose opinion needs to be brought subject to the word. but because of their position in the church, because they're a minister, a deacon, an officer, uh whatever it might be, an elder, we bow down before that instead of saying, "Okay, we got an issue here." He says, "And the other Jews," watch what happens. Peter does this, "And the other Jews dissembled likewise with them in so much that Barnabas also was carried away with their dissimulation." So others started to do as Peter did. They saw Peter dysfellowshipping with the Gentiles, and they backed off as well from their brothers and sisters. So now they're causing an offense in the church, a stumbling block. And who's the cause? Peter, Mr. Keys to the kingdom. He says, Paul says, "But when I saw that they walked not uprightly according to the truth of the gospel, I said unto Peter before them all. If thou being a Jew livest after the manner of the Gentiles, and not as do the Jews, why complies, why compelst thou the Gentiles to live as do the Jews?" He called Peter out for his hypocrisy. He said, "Peter, you're not living like a Jew, but now you're trying to get the Gentiles to live like Jews. You got a double standard here, Pete. You're a hypocrite, Pete. Church, we're not here to protect reputations." You know how you protect a reputation? You keep it in accordance with the word of God. Because it's no reputation if it's not upheld by the word of God. That's not a reputation I want. So, it doesn't matter who we are. Amen. When we're wrong, we're wrong. And we need to be withstood graciously and with love the way the scripture says. I said before, I've had a brother correct me two times on something. I had to be able to take it and thank him for it rather than get all puffed up. And who do you think you are? And what do you think you're seeing? And you're wrong and you're No, no, no. Humble ourselves to the word. Humble ourselves one to another to the word. and then watch what happens. We've got to be able to do it. It's okay to say there's a double standard being applied here. And we see it a lot in general. I'm speaking in general. As far as I know, I'm not speaking to anything in this church, but who knows? The Lord knows. But we can elevate somebody so high that they can't be corrected. And that is never the way that the Holy Spirit works. Never. Ever. Ever. Ever. Amen. We're in obedience to the same word. And I'll say it this way, the standards higher for those of us that serve, the ministers, the deacons, the trustees, the treasurer, song leader, whatever it be. If you're in a position, a voted position in particular, the standard is higher for us to live a life that is accountable to the word of God. Amen. You look at this. Do you think Paul enjoyed this? Do you think Paul enjoyed going to Peter and correcting him in front of the church? Nope. Why did he do it? Because Paul had lost his will. Paul had lost his will a long time ago. And so he did as the word required, as the spirit required. Paul called himself, I read it in in Phileiman 1:1 there at the beginning, Paul called himself a prisoner of Jesus Christ. And this wasn't just some romanticized, you know, theme or or or phrase that he had coined up to make himself sound good, church. He was a literal prisoner to Jesus Christ. He had no freedom of his own. He had no will of his own. He had no thought of his own. He was completely subject to the spirit of God. When he called himself a prisoner, it was a true reflection of exactly what he was. Brother Bram says it this way. He says he was bound. He was bound by a chain and by feathers of love to do the will of God and that only. He was a prisoner. He was in fetterss of love. He was in the yoke with Christ. He could yoke up with nothing else because he was yolked with him. And where the lead went, that's where he had to go. Regardless of how green the the pasture was here on this side or that side, he had to go the way that the leader and the yoke went. What is a green pasture here? Distractions, opportunities, something that looks better than what you have right now. might be a bigger business opportunity. It might be a higher paying job. It might be career advancement. Might be a nicer vehicle. Might be a vehicle in and of itself. A house, a bigger house. It's easy to look at those things when opportunity comes and say, "I'm a child of God. It's for me." Let me tell you, it's not. It's not always. Sometimes it is and sometimes it isn't. It's like we were talking about earlier. We've got to come to the place where we look at where we're at in our lives and say, "What is the fruit of what I've decided thus far?" And then when opportunity comes, we say, "What is the probable fruit of this decision?" Because if we look at an opportunity and it's not going to produce more of the life of Christ, in fact, it's going to diminish where I'm at, it can't be of God. If it's going to push Christ out of our life so we can pull in more of this opportunity, it can't be of God. That's not the way that he works. This is a pouring out of the world, not a pouring in of opportunity. Amen. As I said last service to you business owners, you want a bigger business, more revenue, bigger opportunities, you better make sure that that change doesn't include less church, less fellowship, less family time, less energy. Cuz why? You've got a kingdom purpose and you've got a ministry that requires those things to be fulfilled. If more business means less of the things of God, that's a greener pasture, but it's not God's greener pasture. It's just a temptation. For those of us with an employer, is that promotion going to tie us down or free us up? I remember when I first went into management, I said, I'm a 40-hour a week guy. I said, unless it's special and emergency concerns. And I said, "Business as usual is not an emergency." And so I worked 40 hours a week in senior management positions. And I went into those jobs with them knowing that, saying, "This is what I do. I'm not here to make it look like I'm working a ton. I'll get more done in 40 than most do in 60, but I'm not going to work 60 just to please you." Why? Because I knew that it could tie me down. I had other things that needed my attention. I had a wife. I had children. Eventually I have ministry and these sort of things. Amen. Sometimes a promotion comes with an understanding that certain agendas and ideas will be supported. I've stated here I can't go into management where I'm working now because there are things that the federal government supports that they embrace that they idolize that they promote that I can't do now as a just a regular grunt, a regular employee. I can be there and not have to deal with that. But as a manager, you have to do it. And so unless I came up with an agreement with them that I don't have to do it, I could never be that because it would go against the word of God. But here's the thing. Why would I even walk down that road in the first place? It's just opening up a can of worms. Why would I open up a battle that in the end I'm not going to win? Because I'll leave. There's no winning that. So why go down there in the first place? But being able to sit down and say, 'Lord, what's going to come out of this decision? And is it more of you or is it more for me? Because too many times more for me is what's going to win out cuz much craves more. We look at our sisters. What are your green pastures? I always get nervous on these things. So, I've got to go home to a wife and a visiting wife. I've got to deal with all the men calling me up after and saying, "Brother John, why did you say that about the women?" No, it's not true. But I don't know the way women think. But what are your greener pastures? Sometimes it's all about health and fitness. But let me tell you, when you became a mother, you had to give up some of that, didn't you? It's inevitable because when it's all about you and you have all the time in the world, you can be the healthiest, fittest woman in this planet. But the minute you add a child to it, now the child gets priority over you sisters. And you got to give up something, don't you? But that greener pasture can be give me a schedule so that I can be the way I used to be. It's never going to happen. Not if you're serving Christ because it's a life of service, not a life of selfishness. Sometimes it's that we can get the beautiful clothes and shoes that we want. A new purse every month, the new Jimmy shoes. I don't think anybody here has Jimmy shoes. Can't imagine. They're really, really expensive shoes. That's all I know. With really, really high heels. So, we're double whammedi here on that. Sisters know Jimmy shoes. But hey, we've all got things we like. We've all got things we want to have. Sometimes it's about getting the kids into school so that I can go back to doing what I want to do. Freeing up my day. I admire our sisters that are homeschooling. God bless you for it. What a sacrifice. What an absolute sacrifice to do that. Now, some of you don't quite have the pleasure yet, but you're going to. I think it's tough. It's work every single day. But I'll tell you, there's a greener pasture that says, "Hey, I can just send them off and let somebody else do it." That may be the Lord's will for you. I'm not here to tell you it is or it isn't. But if the reason you want to do it is to free yourself up, that's where selfishness creeps in. Sometimes it's trying to dump the load on hubby so I can have more time for myself. Hey, husbands, we've got to be willing to jump in. We're perfectly capable of filling and emptying a dishwasher and vacuuming and these things. But there are things that are for the women and there are things that are for the men. There's roles for both. And usually what greener pastures look like is less for me to do and more for somebody else to do. Sometimes we just want a certain type of lifestyle. We want things to be a certain way because it works well for the way I am. No, this is a molding and shaping process. And he molds us to his word, not us. We don't mold his word to us. What is God's will in it? That's what we look for. I'm not going to criticize you if you send your kids to public school, private school, or home school. I've been in all of them and did well. Actually, no. We've had people in all of them is what I meant to say. I went to a public school. We've got kids here went to a private school. We got kids that are homeschooled. And guess what? They've all thrived and they've all had issues. You can keep them in your house all day long and they're still going to have issues. Church, it's not about issues or no issues. It's about what is the will of God. And when you latch on to the will of God, that's what keeps us moving forward. And it keeps our eyes tunnel visioned to his will and his purpose so that those greener pastures just don't appear. What's his will in it? Amen. He says, "Oh, tonight if we could only become prisoners, to our own selfish being, to our own ambition, that we could completely surrender ourselves and be yolked to him. No matter what the rest of the world thinks, what the rest of the world does, we're yolked with fedters of love. We are prisoners." He says, "My feet are so yolked to Christ that they won't dance. My eyes are so yolked to Christ that when I see these modern strip teases on the street, he turns my head away from, not to." Amen. He says, "My heart is so yolked in love to him till I can't have love for this world anymore." He says, "My will is so yolked to him till I don't even know what my ambitions are." He says, "Just whatever you lead, I'll follow, Lord. I'll be a prisoner." Can I talk about ambition for a moment? I have big ambitions. You know, I was originally going to become a doctor. The guy that did my eye surgery booked almost $2.2 million last year. I told my wife, I wish I'd become an opthalmologist, carnally speaking. Can you imagine? Can you imagine what a wonderful lifestyle that man has? But you know what we do today? This is a trap for believers. We say, "Here's my ambition. Lord, please come and bless it." And what are we doing, church? We're trying to add God to our ambition knowing that God in it will bless it. The problem is if it's not God's ambition, God ain't going to bless it. But what do we do? Because we're good believers, we say, "God, I want to add you to my plan." Because that's what Christians do. No. Christians lay down their plan and say, "God, what's your plan?" But too often, we're trying to add God to our ambition, God to our plan, God to our way of doing things, and saying, "See, I'm a Christian. God's in it." That's not the way it works. It's God's plan, God's way, not my plan with God in it. That's not the way it's ever going to work. Sometimes our testimony is God gave me what I asked. And what we don't realize is that there was a bigger testimony if we would have laid it down. God could have given us so much more. He said Paul was correctly a prisoner. He wasn't making a wrong statement. He was trained by the Holy Ghost again to wait on the word. See, Paul had been trained to do certain things. He had been trained to speak the word, use the word, apply the word, and now he had to go and unlearn and retrain everything that he had ever thought he knew. He said, now he had been trained one way, but God had trained him another way. Now, he was trained by the Holy Spirit to wait upon the Lord no matter what his ambitions were. Paul was a perfect example of somebody that God just took and turned upside down, smooshed him up, broke him apart, and then rebuilt him completely into a son of God. And he's no different than you and I. Yes, he's a prophet. I'm not a prophet. You're not a prophet. But the process is no less different for you and I. We come in thinking we have something, thinking we know something. Especially if we're raised right. We can come in thinking, "Lord, I'm going to bring something to the table." No, we have to lay it all down. I said it before when I was raised in this message, believed it. I believed everything that Brother Jerald was preaching. Absolutely, I did. Intellectually, I acknowledged it was the truth. Maybe that would be the way to go. But when I received the Holy Ghost, everything I looked at changed. And what I thought was right was not quite as right as I thought. And what I thought was wrong was not the way I thought it was wrong. I was more gracious with people. Why? because I needed that same grace for myself. But it completely changed the way I looked at things. I had to lay that down. I had to make some apologies because I had been reset, a grand reset and built up in a different way. Paul's came to the place where he says there can be no other foundation laid than that which is already laid, which is Jesus Christ and him crucified. That's it. And Paul got to the place where he was so built on Christ, you couldn't move him, you couldn't threaten him, you couldn't push him, you couldn't influence him, you couldn't do nothing. He was completely rooted in Christ himself. But I want to take one last example this morning. And I want to go to Moses because I think Moses is perhaps the greatest example of pure raw power that we ever see coming through a man since this age perhaps because Moses when he spoke animals came into existence. Animals went out of existence. Nature obeyed him. He could curse a people and it would happen. He could lift the curse and it would go away. Whatever Moses said or told to happen, it happened. He was a God man in so many ways. God said, "Moses, you're going to be God to the people." And we see that whatever he did, God backed it up. Now, we know that that's because he was doing what God told him to do. But it was working through a man. That's what I want us to see. But when we look at what it took to get to that point, that's really what we need to learn and understand this morning. Now, this is Moses. Moses, this is brother talking about Moses out on the desert. And he says, Moses was out there getting stripped, getting tired of working and getting no results, getting tired of trying and not getting the benefit that he thought it should bring. He says Moses was out there getting stripped until he had an experience at the burning bush that declared the word. Moses got stripped until he had no ambition to do what God really wanted him to do. He said, 'I am the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, and I remember my promise. I've come down to deliver them, and I'm sending you to do it. That was it. He says he saw the word, not the ambition of the people or the desires of the people. Now, we should never be pressuring somebody to do or be something in the kingdom of God. And we see the potential there. We don't know exactly what happened with Moses, but we know that he thought he was a deliverer. He knew he was a deliverer from early on. And I don't believe that was from God. I believe that his family was telling him. His mom and his dad said, "Hey, Moses, you're the deliverer. God's preserved you. Look at the miracles in your life. You got a very special work to do. You're going to deliver the people of Israel." And what happened is that got to him and eventually he tried to do it himself. And when you push yourself into a role like that, bad things happen. We see good people. We may even feel we see gifts and callings, but remember a calling comes from God, not from the congregation. We have good men that know the word, but that doesn't make them a preacher. We have good men that know the word, that doesn't make them a deacon. We have men that can handle money, but that doesn't make him a treasurer. It takes God to push us and place us and mold us and prepare us for those roles. And one thing about ministry is that if it's a calling, ministry, you can't you can't say, "I'll give it a try." That's not a call from God. If it's an attempt, it's not of God. Ministry is a calling and whether it goes good or whether it goes bad, you'll keep doing it. And the thing is, you'll keep doing it and you'll get results because that's what a call of God does. It produces results if you're yielded to him. It may not look good. It may not sound good, but it'll produce godly results. Can I give you an example? Brother Random. That man was not the world's greatest preacher. He's great to us because there's something in us that connects with his message, but he can't speak well. He doesn't have a a dynamic delivery. Most of the time his grammar is horrible. He's uneducated. He misques scripture. He misreads scripture. Carnally speaking, he was not a good preacher. But I'll tell you one thing, he got results. He got results. He called a bride out. I mean, it's God and simplicity all over again. But if you're looking to be something great, that's when you fail. That's not what it's about. But if there's a call in your life to do something and it is of God, you will have no rest until you yield to that call. And when you yield to that call and you yield to the one who gave you the call, it'll produce the same results every single time. It'll produce the word alive. That's the way it always goes. He says he saw the word, not the ambition of the people or the desires of God or the desires of the people. He says then what did he become? He didn't want to face the Egyptians anymore. He didn't want to face this thing anymore. But he became a prisoner. He said 40 years of running, stripping down, but then he became a prisoner at the burning bush. The mighty Moses with all of his intellect. The Bible says that Moses was a mighty man in word and indeed down in Egypt. But watch what the mighty theologian did in the presence of the burning bush. He says he only confessed his inability when he saw the genuine purpose of God. He confessed that he was unable to do it. Not only unable, didn't want to personal ambition to be a deliverer. Now that it's time for him to be a deliverer, he's lost all personal ambition. He says, "Yet he was trained in all the theology that they could give him, trained in the best school, but yet what could he do when that pillar of fire was hanging there in the bush, said, 'I can't even talk. Uhuh. Lord, who am I that I should go?" When the magnitude of the calling stood before him, he said, "This ain't going to work out well. I've tried this before. Didn't work." Yeah, but last time you were in your will. Now you're in my will. That's the difference. He says, "Get your shoes off, Moses. I want to talk to you. Strip yourself down. Even your shoes. You're flat on the ground again." He says, "I want to talk to you." He couldn't even talk. Finally, an elected prisoner, an elected prophet, just like Paul was elected. Moses was elected to be a deliverer. But then God, finally, God has his elected subject, a prisoner to him. He says, "Oh, hallelujah. He could only move as the word of God moved him. Who shall I say sent me? I am. How will I do it? I'll be with you. Yes, Lord. Just as you say, here I am. He's a prisoner. He says he goes against his better thinking. Now, he had been trained to command an army. He gives these commands with all these things. He says that's how he would be going to take it over. That was his training. But he said, "What am I going to use?" And God said, "What do you have in your hand?" And he said, "I have a stick." Talk about inability, Lord. I can't do it. How am I going to do it? You're going to use your stick, Lord. Now, I definitely can't do it. Maybe I could raise up, you know, an insurrection and take some men out and we we'll get the slaves out in the desert. We'll get a couple thousand out there. We'll we'll we'll ambush a couple people. We'll take their weapons. We'll slowly build an army and then we'll go in and we'll slowly just just by by paper cut after paper cut get them out of Egypt. Just harass Pharaoh until he's had enough. That might be the way he ought to have after it. Lord, how am I going to do it? With a stick. Oh boy. He says, "God does things so ridiculous sometimes to the human mind. Got a stick in his hand, whiskers hanging down, 80 years old, his wife on a mule, kid sitting on her hip, little old flabby arms hanging down, and a stick. Just his head stood up. For he had thus sayeth the Lord. Why? He had finally got anchored. He was a prisoner. See, no matter how ridiculous it was, he knew who he had met. And he knew this was not a figment of his imagination. It wasn't a calling of his mind. It wasn't a placing of his desire, but it was almighty God stepping down and saying, "You're built for this, and I'm going to be with you, and I'm going to work through you, and we're going to get this done." He says, "I'll only move when the word moves me. I'll only speak where the word speaks. Where you going, Moses? I have one commission. Stand before Pharaoh and show him by the stick that God sent me. Amen. He says, "What are you going to do after that?" He'll provide the next thing after I do this. It's just one step at a time. That's the walk of faith. One step at a time, one day at a time. It's all he's ever told us he'll do. He says, "There you are." He's speaking to us now. You only have one thing to do. The first step tonight, surrender. We're preaching on absolute power. What's the key? Surrender. Become a prisoner. Don't think of yourself or something else. Become a prisoner. See, sometimes we're thinking, "Okay, God's got to change me." So that. Can I give you some advice this morning? Drop the so that. And just say, "God's got to change me." And if you take the God's got to change me, the so that will take care of itself because that may be you and that may be God, but you're there to say God's changing me. I surrender. That's all he's asking you to do. Moses, he said, became a prisoner. Confessed he couldn't even talk. Finally, when God got him in his hand where he could only move where God moved him where he told him the word, he knew it was the word. Then he submitted himself to the word and the Holy Spirit did there. God harnessed Moses to the will of God. What's he saying? Don't come in and say, "Lord, I need you to do this. I need you to do that. Lord, I got an idea here. Lord, I could really use this." Moses, when he came in, he was silent. He didn't come in and say, "Lord, we got a real need down there in Egypt. How about you use me?" No, he was silent. He let God do the talking and he surrendered himself. Amen. God's just asking us to say, "Lord, I'm here to listen and obey." God doesn't need our opinions. God doesn't need our ideas. God doesn't even need our practical experience. What he needs is a prisoner. Somebody that will listen. Somebody that will stay quiet. and then somebody that'll do exactly what they're told to do. Amen. If you want to say something to God, repeat his word back to him. Rightly divided, repeat his word back to him. That's the only thing God wants to hear out of our mouth when it comes to orders, directions, plans, ideas, these sorts of things. He wants us yielded to him. You know, can I can I tell you something funny about myself as we close? Let's stand together. The musicians can stand. We're closing. I've had a few situations going on in within the church in the last let's call it a year and I saw things and I saw little things you know and the way we sometimes get and I said ah I see what's going on there I see that that person's dealing with this and that that d and I and I had this whole thing mapped out and this was on maybe three three different occasions and you know what I held that in my heart and when it finally came out what was really going on. I was completely wrong. What was that snicker for, Paul? He does the same thing. Okay, you may be a minister. Okay, completely wrong. And I was so glad I hadn't even mentioned it to my wife because that would have proved me the fool. But then there were other things. Then I saw little things happening and I said, "Ah, I see what's going on there." And you know what? I was absolutely 100% right. Are you like that, too? No. Maybe you're not a minister. But you know what that proved to me, church? Here's the punch line. I am inconsistent. That when I think I have discernment, sometimes I do. And sometimes I don't. God knows how to keep us humble. God knows how to teach us to zip this and express it to him and say, "Lord, I'm seeing things. Lord, is there something going on that I need to help with, deal with, or just leave it alone?" But the greatest thing that I got out of that was I am inconsistent. Discernment is meant first of all internally. I have met people that have a quote gift of discernment and it is always outwardly facing with no humility. It's got to be an inward- facing thing. And what that's teaching me to do because I am still a work in progress. What that's teaching me to do is take all thoughts subject to Christ. all opinions, all perceptions, all discernment. Because you think I'm growing as a minister. I trust I'm growing as a minister. But that doesn't mean I'm fully grown. That doesn't mean I'm perfect. That doesn't mean I have all discernment. It doesn't mean my gut feel, my intuition is always right. It's got to be subject to the spirit of God by the word of God. Amen. And so that goes for every aspect of our life. Sometimes the areas we need to lay down most are those that we hold most spiritual because we can elevate it because we're grown, because we're mature, because we're children of God. And sometimes we built it up into something that isn't God at all. Tell you what, if you think you got something very spiritual, test it and honestly test it and check the results. And if it's not of God, you know that you got an issue somewhere in those things. But we see time and time again in these examples today in Paul and in Moses, before you can do anything for God, God's got to do something with you. And that comes with that absolute inability that Moses had to do what God was telling them to do. And that's when God can finally do something for us. And that's where we'll pick up on service on Wednesday night, Lord willing. Amen. God bless you. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, this is a life of surrender. It's a life of yielding. It's a life of laying down, Lord. It's a life of dying out daily, Lord. And these are hard things to preach because it doesn't really bolster us or encourage us maybe in the way that we would like, Lord. But it's a reminder that we can do all things through Christ, not ourselves, Lord. That you're the key. You're the key stone. You're the lynch pin, Lord. You're the the foundation for all these things. You are the essential part of all of this is Christ in us, Lord. And that means we've got to die out and we've got to pour out and we've got to lay down, Lord. We've got to be broken and rebuilt, Lord. And sometimes it's just parts of our life need that. But Lord, we've got to be willing to lay it down. We've got to be willing to hold all things loosely, heavenly father. And Lord, you know the hearts of the people. You know where we're at. You know where we're at in our jobs and our careers and our finances, our health, Lord. our relationships, our offices in the church, Lord, whatever it might be, Lord. You know where we've lifted ourselves up. You know where we need to lay ourselves down, Lord. But I pray your spirit could pour into those cracks and crevices and those hard places, Lord. Those places where we've let pride or arrogance come in, Lord, where we talk a little higher than we walk. Lord, we praise a little higher than we live. Lord, I pray you forgive us. I pray you forgive me, Lord, where we just Lord, we think too much of ourselves, of what we have. Lord, I pray you just help us to stay humble. Lord, I pray you help us to repent. Lord, I pray you help us to keep our mouth shut, Lord, to take all things to you first. Lord, that we could lay our opinions down, our experience down, our desires down, our plans down. Lord, let us look at ourselves only and let your word and your spirit do the work to wash us and cleanse us and build us up, Lord, to renew us in Christ each one. We pray in Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. I found it all. 1182 And I found it all when I lost everything and gave my life to serve a risen king. I found the truth that I've been searching for. I found it all when I found the Lord. I found it all when I lost everything and gave my life to serve a risen king. I found the truth that I've been searching for. I found it all. When I found the Lord, I found it all. when I lost everything and gave my life to serve a ris king. I found the truth that I' been searching for. I found it all. When I found the Lord, power of your love. 797. Lord, I come to you. Let my heart be changed, renewed. Oh, flowing from the grace that I've done. in you. And Lord, I come to know the weaknesses I see in me will be stripped away. by the power of your love. So hold me close and let your love surround me. Bring me near and draw me to your side. And as I wait, I'll rise up like the eagle and I will soar with you. Your spirit leads me on by the power of your love. And Lord, unveil my eyes. Let me see you face to face with the knowledge of your love. As you in me. Lord, renew my mind as your will unfold in thy life in living every day. [Music] by the power of your love. So hold me close. Let your love surround me. Bring me near and draw me to your side. I do. And as I wait, I'll rise up like [Music] and I will soar with you. Your spirit leads me all by the power of your love. And Lord, unveil my eyes. Let me see you face to face with the knowledge of your love. that you give me. Glory to my mind as your will accord in my life in living every day. in the power of your love. Oh, be close. me near and draw me to your side. And as I wait, I'll rise up like evil [Music] and I will soar with you. Your spirit leads me on in the power of your love. So hold me close and let your love surround me. Oh, bring me near and draw me to your side. [Music] And as I wake, I rise up like the eagle and I will soar with you. Your spirit leads me on by the power of your love. And as I wait, oh, and as I wait, I'll rise up like the eagle and I will soar with you. Your spirit leads me on in the power of your love. [Music] I give myself away. 1165 I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away so you can use me. Here I am. Here I stand. Lord, my life is in your hands. Lord, I want to see your Jesus revealed in me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. Take my heart. Take my life as a living sacriice. All my dreams, all my plans, Lord, I place them in your hands. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. So take my heart. Oh take my life as a living sacriice. All my dreams, all my plans, Lord, I place them in your hands. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. Here I am. Here I stand, Lord. My life is in your hands, Lord. I'm longing to see your desires revealed in me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. Amen. We're going to sing that song, He is able, more than able, 7:21 before we close. Amen. I'm going to ask Brother Bob to come and close in prayer after we sing this. Amen. Remember Sister Nikki, especially Brother Grant. They've had a rough couple of days, of course, with the move and these things. Wanted to thank the church for all those that have helped, the sisters that went over and helped to clean. And I think brother David's been over there daily for painting and different ones, helping to prep the house. Brother Matt's over there redoing all the electrical and plumbing, I think, for the whole building. So then those that went to help move, God bless you for that. This is part of being a body. Amen. Is to put your shoulder to the literal wheel and go and help them out in their time of need. So God bless you for that. Just pray God's grace to be with them. It's certainly uh it can be very stressful, especially with work and these things, sickness interfering. So we pray God's grace to be with them. and brother Chad and family will come back this week. I think maybe Thursday, but remember them in prayer as well. And uh we've got more company coming in. We've got company going out before they come back again. So praying traveling mercies for them. My family and I have been really suffering with allergies as well. Amen. We're trusting the Lord to just give us a respit from that as well. Amen. Let's sing this as brother Bob will come. [Music] He is aable, more than a to accomplish what concerns me today. He is aable more than aable. He can handle anything that comes my way. He is aable, more than able to do much more than I could ever dream. He is aable, more than a to make me what he wants me to be. He is aable, more than able to accomplish what concerns me today. He is aable, more than a. He can handle anything that comes my way. He is aable, more than able to do much more than I could ever dream. He is able, more than able to make me what he wants me to be. Amen. Heavenly Father, we thank you, Lord, for your word today, Lord. But Father, we know, Lord, that it shows us that we're so weak, Lord, in ourselves, that all the plans that we make ourselves, Lord, many times without even talking to you about it, Father, it just all falls flat. And Lord, sometimes I wondered why you would just choose me or choose many of us, Father, even before the foundation of the world to put that seed in our hearts to respond to your word, Lord, and to know that we have that wonderful hope of resurrection and rapture, Lord, not because we did anything to deserve it, Lord. We know our flame, our frame is just but flesh, Lord, or just but but clay. And father, we just pray Lord that you would help us, Father, by grace to let you increase in our lives. And that we would be willing, Father, to surrender, willing, Lord, to let you, Father, make us decrease. Because, Father, we can't do it ourselves. We tried it many times and it never works, Lord, as the brother said. But, Father, we're just praying, Lord, that you would help us, Father, by grace to totally surrender, to totally yield, Lord, to your leadership. Father, we're in a time, Lord, where the world is falling apart, Lord. Sin is just mounting and mounting, Lord. And Father, we know this this is not the place for us to be. But, Father, we know that there's a greater place for us to be, Lord. And so, we're praying, Father, that by grace, you would help us, Lord, to totally dedicate ourselves to you, Lord. Father, as the song says, Lord, we want to give ourselves away and let you have the preeminence in our lives, body, soul, and spirit that you would, Father, by grace, Lord, write your word upon the fleshly tables of our hearts. That be no hardness, Father, but Lord, or no criticism or no weaknesses, Lord, but just, Father, letting you, Lord, just reflect yourself in our lives. So be with us, we pray, Father, as we go from here today. Bless us, Father, from the pulpit to the door, Lord, that you would just go with us to our homes, Lord, and whatever duties we have to undertake. We just pray, Father, that you would just be glorified in it all. We bless, Lord, Sister Nikki, today, Father, that you would just be with her, Lord, and lift her up. Father, we know there's a promise that by your stripes, she was healed. Yes, Lord. And Father, we do know, Lord, that there's nothing too hard for you. So, be with her. We pray, Lord, and Brother Garfield as well. and all those Lord, Brother Chad and the family, all those Lord that are not here today. May your hand be upon each and every one of us, Father, as we commit ourselves into your hands this day in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh my god. [Music] I down your [Music] toe. I might Now I am I will have all I need. I love I don't know how to [Music] I will hear you. after all in holy How might I will pray. I [Applause] know. All great in all the mighty God. I will build my way. I hear how amazing All great. [Music]
