################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-24 - 20250523 - Challenged By The Message Of The Hour - Bro. Jonathan Martin - Jonathan Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-24
Title:    20250523 - Challenged By The Message Of The Hour - Bro. Jonathan Martin
Speaker:  Jonathan Martin
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 3h 2m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=64pp7DdrYrs
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] You said you have not Let's stand. Someday when I see you standing face to face, my praise for you will only have [Music] begun. I will sing. I will worship you. I will bow myself down humbly at your throne. I will give anything. I will give everything to you alone. I know I am the bride that you're returning for. dressed in garments white and wrinklefree. Though I have no earthly love that I'm holding to for the one who means everything to me. I will sing. I will worship you. I will bow myself down humbly at your throne. I will give anything. I will give everything to you alone. You are the faithful God who keeps your covenant. There's not one thing you said you have not done. And someday when I see you standing face to face, my praise for you will only have begun. I will sing. King, I will worship you. I will bow myself down humbly at your throne. I will give anything. I will give everything to you alone again. Oh, I will sing. I will worship you. I will bow myself down humbly at your throne. I will give [Music] anything. I will give everything to you alone. You are the faithful God who keeps your covenant man. There's not one thing you said you have not done. And someday when I see you standing face to face, my praise for you will only have begun. I will sing. I will worship you. I will bow myself down humbly at your throne. I will give anything. I will give everything to you alone. I will sing. I will worship you. I will bow myself down humbly at your throne. I will give anything. I will give everything to you alone. Amen. Let's sing a He's God. 1209. When I come into his presence, I humble myself, lift up both my hands, and I begin to worship [Music] him and I worship [Music] When I come into his presence, I humble myself remembering what he's done. All the victories he's won. So I'll praise him. Hallelujah. I praise him for all he's done for me. Redeemed and set me free. And because just because he's gone again for all he's done for me, redeemed and set me free. Yeah, because just because he's [Music] God. When I come into his presence, I humble myself. I lift up both my hands. And I begin to worship him. I worship him. When I come into his presence, I humble myself remembering what he's done. man. All the victories he's won. So I praise him. Amen. Thank you, Lord. I praise him for all he's done for me. redeemed and set me free. And because just because he's God for all he's done for me, redeemed and set me free. And because just because he's gone. I welcome everyone here this evening. Some prayer requests to brother Dale. I've been sending uh Brother Matt and I have been sending updates on Brother Dale and uh he needs our prayer. Not really sure what's uh exactly happening there, but uh just pray that his pain would go away and that the situation be uh be restored, that he'd be be healed is our prayer for sister Brenda, asking for prayer for her ear. Just pray grace to her. U friend of mine in Arizona, Brother Bobby Figuroa, we've prayed for him before. Uh he had some uh surgery done on his shoulder. He's had a lot of problems uh cancer and um to the point where he has a prosthetic now. They've taken so much out of there and he's just He he really suffers sometimes. And grace to his wife and his family. For sister Lori, we want to uh grace to her. I haven't heard any updates in the last couple days, but she'd certainly appreciate our prayers and the family. Uh brother uh Gourd Snow, Brother Matt gave me an update there. He's doing better uh day by day. uh little Rafie, he fell and uh hurt his shoulder. There's some swelling and things and he's had it before. So, we're going to take him in for a doctor's appointment to try to figure out what's what's been going on there. I praise the Lord for brother John's eye that uh he's got that surgery finally. He's looking a lot better and just pray that continue to heal up and never come back again. Uh Sister Cordella, grace to her and brother Nelson Guy, want to pray grace to them as well. ask uh brother Bob to open in prayer. Let's uh let's sing that one. Uh 11:54. This is why I love him. This is why I love him. [Music] his life for me to purchase my [Music] salvation. They nailed him to a tree. [Music] Unless he cried [Music] disin he found his head and died. Oh, what a sight for siners. My Jesus crucified man. Oh, this is why I love him, man. He gave his life for me to purchase my salvation. They nailed him to a tree. [Music] Unless he Christ is [Music] finished. He bowed his head and died. Oh, a sign for sin. My Jesus [Music] cruise. Amen. Our blessed heavenly father. Lord, so wonderful, Father, just to be able to come into your presence. And we're here, Lord, because Lord, as we just sang, Father, you, Lord, went to Calvary for us, Father. You took our sins upon yourself, Lord, and nailed them to that tree, oh God. And we're so thankful, Father. And Lord, may our lives, Lord, express that love, Lord, that Lord, we have for you, Father, which we say we have, Father. But help us, Lord, by grace to really express that love in everything that we say and do to express Jesus Christ, Lord. And Father, just praying, Lord, that you would help us, Father, as we, Lord, come down, Lord, to the end of time, Father, where we see the world falling apart all around us, Lord, and sin running rampant, Father, to realize, Lord, that you died for a small group of people, Father, that would accept that redemption, Lord, and Father, just be, Lord, among those, Father, that will by grace, Lord, very soon be able to go into that rapture, Lord, and go and be with you, Lord, forever. And so, Lord, we pray that you'd forgive us of our sins and mistakes and all that we've done wrong. Lord, we pray, Father. May it all be cast into the sea of your forgetfulness, Father, this day. And Lord, we thankful that, Lord, we can come into your house and come into your presence, Father, and know that it's not in vain because you said you would be here. And, Father, we're just counting on that today, Lord. And praying, Father, that you would bless our brother as he comes, Lord. Father comes to bring the word of the Lord which will increase our faith and it'll get us by grace closer to you, Lord. And Father, we're just thankful for the sacrifice he's made to come this far, Lord. And and just praying, Lord, that you would reward them, Father, completely. And just praying, Lord, that Lord, that that you would just touch each and every soul that is gathered in here tonight, Father, there are many needs and many burdens, Father, upon the hearts of your people. We just pray, Father, that you'd help us to claim the promises that we have need of in faith, Lord, tonight to leave our burdens at the foot of the cross, Lord, and let you deal with them, Father, by grace. And Lord, praying for Brother Dale, especially, Lord, tonight, Father, knowing, Lord, that after talking to him, Father, that he's at peace, Lord, with whatever it is you have in store for him. And we just pray, Lord, that your grace would be his portion. Give him rest, Father, body, soul, and spirit. and praying Lord that you would just touch Sister Brenda Lord and all the others that have need in their bodies Lord. Father may grace Jo L Lord just take control. So be with us this night Lord. May bless brother Joe Lord bless brother the brothers and sisters and the musicians Lord all that need a touch from you father. May grace be with each one and help us Lord to lift you up Lord tonight in worship and praise Father getting our souls ready for the word to go forth. So be with us we pray as we commit to service to you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Listening Highway to Heaven 1238. [Music] If you're not walking, stop while I'm talking walking up the king's highway. Christ walks beside you. Angels will guide you, walking on the king's highway. [Music] It's a highway to heaven. None can walk up there. But the pure in heart, it's a highway to heaven. Walking on the king's highway mountain. Oh, my way gets brighter, my low gets lighter. Walking up the king's highway, you'll be confessing there is a blessing mountain. [Applause] [Music] It's a highway to heaven. Done. Can't walk up there. But the pure in heart, it's a highway to heaven. Walking up the king's highway. If you're not walking all while I'm talking walking up the king's highway, oh Christ walks beside you. Angels will guide you, walking on the king's highway. My lord, it's a highway to heaven. It's a highway to heaven. Walking on the king's highway. My way gets brighter. My low gets lighter. Thank you, Lord. The king's [Music] highway. shall be confessing there is a blessing walking on the kings highway. It's a highway to heaven. None can walk up there but the pure in heart. It's a highway to heaven. walking on the kings high. Amen. Uh Sister Priscilla and the family are going to sing a special. Let's sing. Let's sing E41. Just a chorus. I know the master of the wind. I know the master of the wind. And I know the maker of the [Music] rain. And he can calm the storm, the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. One more time. And I know the master of the wind. I know the maker of the rain. He can't calm the storm, make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. [Music] Sometimes I fall to my knees and pray. [Music] Come Jesus [Music] come. Let today be the day. Sometimes I feel like I'm going to break but I'm holding on. to a hope that won't fade. Come Jesus, come. We've been waiting so long for the day you return. To heal every hurt, to write every wrong. We need you right now. Come turn this around. Deep down I know this world is untold. Come Jesus come. There'll be no war and there'll be no chains. When Jesus comes, let today be the day. He'll come for the [Music] weak and the strong just the same. And all will believe. and the power of his name. Come Jesus, come. We've been waiting so long for the day you return. to heal every hurt, to write every wrong. We need you right now. Come and turn this around. Deep down I know this world isn't home. Come Jesus come. Come Jesus come. One day he'll come and we'll stand face his face. Come and lay it all down. cuz it might be today. The time is right now. There's no need to wait. Your path will be washed by rivers of grace. Come Jesus, come. We've been waiting so long. For the day you return, to heal every hurt, to write every wrong. We need you right now. Come and turn this around. Cuz deep down I know this world isn't home. Come Jesus come. Come Jesus come. Come Jesus come. Sometimes I fall to my knees and pray. Oh come Jesus come. Let today be the [Music] day. Come Jesus come. [Music] We've been waiting so long for the day you return. To heal every hurt, to write every wrong. We need you right now. Going to turn this around. Deep down I know this world isn't told. Come Jesus come. Come Jesus come. Come Jesus come. Come Jesus come. Let's sing uh 12:39. But John, I'll have you come up after this, I guess, to open it up. There's nothing like the presence. There's nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence of the Lord. There's nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence Nothing like the presence of the Lord. I'm free in the presence. I'm here in the presence. I'm forgiven. I'm not ashamed. I'm changed forever in his presence. Let's stand. There's healing in the presence. Healing in the presence. Healing in the presence of the Lord. There's healing in the presence. Healing in the presence. Feeling in the presence of the Lord. I'm free in the [Laughter] presence. I'm here in the presence. I'm forgi. I'm not ashamed. I'm changed forever in his presence. There's freedom in the presence. Freedom in the presence. Freedom in the presence of the Lord. There's freedom in the presence. Freedom in the presence. Freedom in the pray. Thank you, Lord. Glory. Thank you, Lord. Oh, I'm free in the presence. And I'm here in the presence. I'm forgive. I'm not ashamed. I'm changed forever. One more time. Cuz I'm free in the presence. I in the presence. I'm forgi. I'm not ashamed. I'm changed forever in his presence. Amen. Is that our testimony tonight? We've been changed. Yes, sir. Oh, there's more changing that's happening. Amen. But there's going to be one day where we're changed completely in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye. Amen. That'll be a wonderful, wonderful day. Amen. I want to welcome each one here tonight. It's I was telling, Brother Jonathan, it's been since August since we had a dedicated weekend of services. So, it's been a long time coming. So, I'm expecting hungry hearts and souls that will get in there, get our shoulder to the wheel, start pulling on the word. We want to ring him out. We We want him to go home so tired. He doesn't want to come back again for another year. Amen. Let's get the most out of it. Amen. This is a rare opportunity for us to come in and just dedicate a whole weekend to the hearing of the word, to the praising of our God, to thank him. Amen. And we expect him to do wonderful, wonderful things in our midst if we'll give everything we've got. Amen. Certainly want to welcome brother Jonathan Martin here up from Bluffton, Ohio. Right. Is that right? Bluffton, Ohio. Did a two-hour drive to the airport in Detroit and then flew up to be with us. Last time I saw him was Lufkin, Texas back, we think in 2008. So it's been close to 17 years, give or take, since we've seen him. Our kids are almost the same age as he's got one more. He's winning. But um it's been wonderful. I I've had wonderful fellowship with him. when I did see him and his family comes from a a family of preachers, a princes of pe preachers, even if we wanted to call it that. So, I have high expectations. When we came out of the house this evening, uh Samuel said, he said, um, "Is he a good preacher?" I said, "Yes." He said, "Is he better than you?" I said, "Yes." It's all about comparisons, right? So, it's not about the preacher, it's about the yielded vessel. Amen. and we're trusting the Lord to speak tonight and that he would just have free reign in our lives and in the service tonight. So, we're going to sing that song. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. Right now, we'll turn over to Brother Jonathan. I've told him, you have full liberty. Take your time. Just preach whatever the Lord lays on your heart and we'll trust him to to achieve what he wants to do tonight. Amen. Amen. Let's just sing this as we pass it over to him. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. I lift my hands. I bow my knees to worship at your throne. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right [Laughter] now. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. [Music] I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. I lift my hands, bow my knee to worship your throne. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Hallelujah. Can you say with all of your heart that you need the Lord? You know, I I know that God always gives us what we have need of. And if we can just recognize that we have a need of him, then he promised to fill us, promised to refill us, and he promised to be everything that we would have need of him in this age. And you know, we we come in a a special meeting like this. And how many would just like to uh just just lay your heart exposed before the Lord and and just say exactly what you would have need of. Maybe you just need healing. Maybe you need deliverance. Maybe you need a refilling. I I think we can all say, "Lord, refill me." And you can just lift your cup up and go ahead and just empty it from everything else and just set aside these uh these few few days and just say, "Lord, uh just visit me aresh and refill me and resir my soul. Rekindkindle the flame within my heart." And why don't we just go ahead and uh just invite him in in your own way, in your your heart. Why don't we just ask him to come and visit us in a real special supernatural way uh this weekend? Father, we just humbly bow our hearts before your throne of grace, recognizing that we're in divine presence, Lord, recognizing our smallalness and our need for you. But Lord, we've come to the right place. We recognize that you come where you're invited. And Lord, from the very beginning of this service, Lord, there was a special hunger, a special thirst within our hearts. Lord, a special request that you would come and feel welcome among us, Lord. We invite your presence, Father. I It's not that they invited a minister, Lord. even though you use a minister, Lord, uh the five-fold ministry is what you use to minister your word, but more importantly, Lord, we recognize that you're invited and that you're the same yesterday, today, and forever. You're the mighty God that has been unveiled among us in this hour. We see that you are Jesus Christ, the great physician, the great mighty conqueror, the great deliverer, the great enforcer of your word, the the one who can fill us and refill us with the Holy Ghost and and supply all of our needs according to your riches and glory. Father, we invite you to come and we pray that you feel so welcome that you would do exactly what your desire is, Lord, for this weekend. Move in a real supernatural way. We ask it in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. God richly bless you. Uh you can be seated for uh a few moments. It's a real privilege to uh be here and uh we just uh bring greetings from uh our pastor, brother Wayne Lawson, and uh the church there in uh in Bluffton, True Word Tabernacle. And uh it's a real uh real honor to uh be able to just share the word uh with you this weekend. And uh you know uh as your pastor said, it's been a few years uh since we become acquainted and uh a lot of things have transpired in those years. Uh but we're still standing by the grace of God and still pressing the battle and still believe uh this message with all that is within us. And uh we're that much uh closer to the coming of the Lord. And uh we're believing that it could happen any day. And uh the same testimony that we confessed uh throughout these years, it's never changed. And uh never wavered. And I'm I'm so glad to see that in your pastor as well and uh his family. And uh we just appreciate the invite to uh be able to come uh this weekend and share the word with you. And uh you know uh I feel like I'm the least of the preachers. Uh I I don't know uh you know some sometimes I wonder uh what am I doing up here? Uh but we realize that it's it's not about the man, it's not about the vessel, but it's about the word. And if we could just uh just the the little gift that God has given us uh just express uh the word and uh we we realize that God has sent his word uh to heal, to deliver, to set the captives free. It's all about the word and uh we know as long as we we preach the word well then the mighty enforcer always accompanies the word. Uh because you can't separate the word, the letter from the from the spirit because they're the same. And uh so you know uh I pray that you come with an expectation uh because you always get what you expect. Ain't that right? And uh I don't care if you're the youngest or you're the oldest. Uh God can meet you in a real real supernatural way because he promised to do so. And uh we're just going to I' I'd like to just sing a song for you if that's okay these days. And uh but there's a song that uh It's a song that I was thinking about. Is this good? Paul said, "Perilous times are [Music] coming. There'll be no love for the truth. Hearts are growing heavy. The bride is just a few while they're making things ready for tribulation and doom. I am making myself ready. I know the rapture is soon. Yes, I know it is their time. But I know it's my time, too. And this is my time to fight. to take a stand for what is right. Leave all the world far, far behind. Press toward the mark found in Christ. Be not entangled with the cares of this life. Stand for truth in what is right. Tonight I'm called to overcome and this is my time. There's never been a [Music] day like this day we're in. You believe that Satan's fighting harder than he's ever been. But the true seed has been restored to power and royal. Satan's kingdom is crashing down. Through the power of the word, the voice of the groom isn't heard on truth. She's standing firm. And this is our time to fight. To take a stand for what is right. Leave all the world far, far behind. Press toward the mark found in Christ. Be not entangled with the cares of this life. Stand for truth in what is right. We're called to overcome. This is our time. Oh, this is our time to fight, to take a stand for what is right. Leave all the world far, far behind. Press toward the mark found in Christ. Be not entangled with the cares of this life. Stand for truth in what is right. We're called to overcome and this is our time. Oh, we're called to overcome and this is our time. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad that you can say God sent us a prophet to identify the time that we're living in and he would say that take the scripture and say rise and shine for thy light has come. And so if you have your Bibles, I'd like to turn to Mark the 9th chapter, the uh beginning at verse 17, and we'll just read down to the uh 23rd verse, and then we'll will uh just turn over to Mark the 11th chapter as well and read verses 22- 26. And one of the multitude answered, and said, Master, I have brought unto thee my son, which thou which hath a dumb spirit, and wheresoever he taketh him, he teareth him, and he foamth, and nasheth with his teeth, and pineth away. And I spake to thy disciples that they should cast him out, and they could not. He answered him and said, "Oh faithless generation, how long shall I be with you? How long shall I suffer you? Bring him unto me." And they brought him unto him. And when he saw him, straightway the spirit tear him. And he fell on the ground and wallowed foaming. And he asked his father, "How long is it ago uh since this came unto him?" And he said of a child, and of times it hath cast him into the fire, and into the waters to destroy him. But if thou can't do anything, now I just want to put emphasis on this. He's asking Jesus, "But if thou can't do anything, have compassion on us and help us." But notice Jesus response. Jesus said unto him, "If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth." I believe that still holds true tonight. All things are possible to him that believeth. Now, Mark the 11th chapter beginning at verse 22. And Jesus answering saith unto them, have faith in God. Now, Brother Brandham would show us that in the original Greek there it says, "Have the faith of God." And so let's just just read that again. Jesus answering saith unto them, have the faith of God. For verily I say unto you, that whosoever shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea, and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe that those things which he saith shall come to pass. He shall have whatsoever he saith. Therefore I say unto you, what thingsoever ye desire when you pray, believe that you receive them, and you shall have them. So brother, so Jesus is putting it back upon the believer. whatsoever things you desire what you pray or when you pray believe that you receive them and you shall have them. So may God add his blessings to the reading of the word you can be seated and I would just like to take uh for a uh text challenged by the message of the hour. uh challenged by the message of the hour. Uh, brother Brandham would preach uh sermons like a man running from the presence of the Lord and he would deal all through the sermon on responsibility and how that uh uh a man is has a responsibility to uh a husband has a responsibility to his family uh to provide to make a living to uh provide a home. He would talk about uh a a couple has a responsibility when they get children. Uh they have children. They have a responsibility to raise uh their children in the fear of the Lord. They have a responsibility to bring correction. Uh have a responsibility. Then we find that there is a responsibility to uh as preachers to stand for the word to preach the word and what brother Brandham is showing us that there is a in in life there is a responsibility and he would show us that a lot of times it's just hum human nature to actually try to sherk our responsibility but he would show that we have a he has a he was showing that he had a responsibility uh a message that God had given him a message to bring to the church and he couldn't sherk his responsibility and he was also showing that we have a responsibility to the word uh to stand for the word to believe the word and so has called us to be believers Uh we know that faith comes by the word. Uh faith comes by hearing hearing the word of God. And it doesn't come uh by the seminary. It doesn't come by a creed. It doesn't come by a certain church that you belong to, but it comes by the revealed word. And we find that all things are possible to them that believe. All things are possible with God and all things are possible with the believer. And we would find that uh many times there would be maybe someone that was blind, uh someone that was deaf or dumb, someone uh that uh with leprosy, regardless of the condition, they would come to Jesus and ask for healing or deliverance. And Jesus simply said, "If thou can't believe." And so that is the response to every situation is if thou can't believe. And there is an importance of why we have a responsibility to the word and to stand for the vindicated revelation of this hour is because it is the answer to every situation, every condition, every problem. It is a question. We can hear the word of God speak back. I can if thou canst believe. There's nothing wrong with God. There's nothing wrong with his power. There's nothing wrong uh he he his power has not been diminished in this age. Actually, God has proven that he is still omnipotent and that he is unchanging. Unchanging in his character, unchanging in his ways, in his nature. It's just simply we can hear the question ring back. I can if thou can't believe. And so we find that when we're preaching the promises, we we're not we're not trying to put the pressure or uh h preach the promises of God and and preaching it like there's a pressure that we've got to perform something. We've got to make something happen. We've got to make something work something up. uh when we're preaching the promises of God, uh it's it's not to put a pressure upon the individual. It's not to put like a a force like we're trying to make something happen. Uh but you see, the preaching of the promises is grace. It's not something that we can you can make happen. It is just simply the grace of God that is that is being given to the church that all things are possible to them that believe and and we are riding on the promises of God. I think of how that uh our prophet would bring up Paul Rider and how that Paul uh Paul Rder, a very well-known evangelist back in the uh 40s and 50s there and and how that uh how that Paul had got sick and and he just couldn't get over this sickness and how that you know he he just it looked like he was going to die and he fell into a dream and how that uh Paul Ryder as a living he he was a logger and his boss told him to go cut down this certain a lo a tree with a certain size and and so he went out and he cut this tree down and it was a big log a big tree and and he he he put his knees down and got a hold of that log and he began to try to move it. And as no, regardless of how much he strained and tried to to make that uh wrestled with it and wrestled and he wrestled and he and he tried to move that log and all of the strain and all of his efforts, he couldn't move that log until he found found himself so depleted and and uh discouraged and he was so weak. uh because he just couldn't move it. But then he heard a voice and it was a voice of the of his boss and it said just roll it down into the river. And and he says it was the voice of the Lord Jesus that was providing him with the answer. Why are you wrestling with it? Why are you struggling? Why why are you trying to make it happen? Amen. in your own ability and your own strength. This is beyond your human effort. But there is a way. Just roll it over into into the water. And then as he got a hold of that log and he began to roll it and got into the water, then he just jumped on that log and he began to ride it down the water and he began to yell, "I'm riding on it. I'm riding on it. I'm riding on it." He said when he come to he was in the middle of the floor and he was declaring I'm riding on the promises of God and from that moment he was completely healed. You see we can struggle. It's not what you struggle with. It's not what you try to manifest in your own human abilities. We've seen those times. We we've went through those ages where people have seen the promises of God. The church has wrestled with the promises of God. They seen what was lost. Amen. In Genesis, they they seen what was lost on the day of Pentecost. And they've wrestled with it and tried to manifest these things. But we have come back to an age, amen, where it's not resting upon human abilities. It's not manifesting. It's not resting upon our even our own intellects. But the very mind of Christ has come into the church of the living God. And it's not what we can make happen. It's simply what we can surrender to. Amen. The prophet of God would let us know it's not me, the seventh church age messenger, the seventh angel that manifests these things as perfectly as they are. It's only what I surrender myself to. And I tell you the secret to the success of the bride church in this last day is it's what we surrender ourselves to. It's not by our works. It is by the grace of God that we can believe that God has revealed his power in this hour. And it's just simply submitting ourselves to the power of omnipotence. I tell you, uh, brothers and sisters, the prophet of God and God's provided way for this day, he would say, "Brother, sister, Jesus Christ promised these things to happen in the last days. I believe that we are living here. I believe that he is the same yesterday, today, and forever. I don't know how it's happened, but I'm riding on it. I believe that is the truth because it's the gospel. God's provided way. I believe it is the message of the hour, the time that we're living in. It's God's provided way. I'm riding on it. Amen. Can I go ahead and just say that we are riding on this promise all the way to the body change? We're riding on this promise. The greatest healing that ever is going to take place is the change of these atoms. Everything that has been promised for this day, amen, has been revealed to us through the message of the hour. It is the rapture secret. And we are riding on this vindicated message all the way to the translation. I tell you, we're living in a time where again, the prophet would say this message of God's word is the truth. Live or die, I'm riding on it. I'm not fussing with it. I'm not trying to fuss about it. I just took it and I'm riding on it. Let the critics rise. I'll shoot every riffle. I'm coming into camp one of these days riding on the word of God. I'm certain to arrive there. Well, I tell you, that's my testimony. Amen. I'm sure to arrive there because I'm riding on it. Amen. We've got a lot of mistakes. We We've got a lot of things. And we can look at our own humanity and see our failings. And And many times we see our faults and and we think, "How are we ever going to get there?" I'll tell you how we're going to get there. It's because we're riding on the promises of God. Amen. We're riding on a message of rapture. Amen. We're riding on on a word that has been revealed in this day to give rapturing grace to the church, to the living God. And it's not what we can manifest. It's simply what we are surrendering ourselves to. I tell you, it's the greatest thing there is to be able to listen to the message of the hour and not have to worry about making it happen, not having to worry about trying to think our way through it. Uh, but we can listen to the message and have confidence that all I have to do is believe it. All I have to do, not try to figure it out, but just simply say, "Be it unto me, Lord. I'm here to manifest it. I'm here as a believer in this last day. I tell you, I think of how that when Jesus walked the earth and and how that they had the waters of shalom and how that a certain season would come and the angel of the Lord would move upon the waters. Y'all remember that story? how that how that God in his mercy would have a way of healing, a provided way. And and there was a certain season that the angel of the Lord would begin to trouble the waters. And how they knew that the waters were troubled and the and it was it was when the current would turn backwards. The current was going one way, but when the angel of the Lord be to come upon the waters, the current would re would be reversed. And they knew that if they could get into the water, they would be made whole. And I tell you, when Jesus be to walk and and all the sudden, you know, Jesus was spiritled and he did nothing except the father. He first showed it and he seen the father do it first and and here come Jesus with his disciples and begin to just, you know, wade through the crowd, thousands of people there uh there waiting for the troubling of the water. And the first one that got in was going to be made whole. And so they were under expectation and and and anticipating and always looking and waiting for that one moment in that season where the waters were troubled. They were under expectation to get their healing. Amen. Whatever they had need of. And so they were looking for it and and focusing upon it. And here come Jesus going through the crowds of people. And he come to one man and said, "Would you be made whole?" And he said, "Well, I don't have a man that could put me into the water." And anytime that I try in myself, Amen. anytime in my own human ability, I'm just too slow. I I'm too weak. I I just I just I just don't have enough effort to be able to get into that water. But Jesus said, but he Oh, the season was changing. Now catch the changing of the season. The changing the changing of the dispensation that the angel was no longer on that water, but the angel is now tabernacling human flesh. The angel was not on that water. The see the changing of expectation to look there was now saying hey look here I tell you it's the same thing that has happened in this age we have seen many revivals many visitations God moving in great supernatural ways amen but it always led to another man another another denomination just another creed but this revival is a word revival evil. It didn't lead us to a man. It didn't lead us to a personality. It led us to the same Lord Jesus. The same angel of the covenant made flesh declaring that the word is here. The word knows your condition. The word knows what you're going through. The word knows the desire of your heart. I tell you friends. Amen. As he be to say, you know, there's not a man that can put me in the water. I tell you, let let me just say it like this. Amen. If we were talking, we would say it like this. In all the other ages, there wasn't a son of man that could put us in the water. Amen. But you see, we've been waiting for this day. But in the day when the son of man was revealed, there is a man come from heaven that can take us from creed and dogman, church traditions, and put us into the water. the power of the Holy Ghost that can make this word live. Uh I tell you that's the water that we have been put into. It's a water that has been troubled by the supernatural presence of all almighty God himself letting us know that our healing is here. Our deliverance is here. Our victory is here. There's joy unspeakable and full of glory because in the day that the son of man is revealed from heaven. There's a man that can put us into the Holy Ghost to make this word manifest in our lives. What a day. What a day to be living in. I tell you. Amen. The the Bible says he wasn't going to die. He had had that condition for 37 years. It wasn't a It wasn't a condition that was going to kill him. But notice what Jesus said. S said, "Take up your bed and live." I tell you friends, he had been in that condition and and it wasn't going to kill him, but he still wasn't living. I tell you how many times, friends, we're just coming to church. We're just going through the the rituals of church and and trying in our own efforts to make it happen and and just and just going along in our own human efforts and and it just isn't good enough. But I tell you friends, hear the voice of the word in this hour. Rise and live. Uh I tell you friends, uh don't just be don't just be a church member. Don't just don't don't don't just be going through life and saying, "Well, I believe the message and I I I go to church and I believe God sent a prophet." But there's more to life than that. We can be made whole, body, spirit, and soul. And we can be made whole in such a supernatural visitation of the power of the Holy Ghost that we can live live in the supernatural. live in the joy of the Lord. Uh live in the presence of almighty God. Uh our homes can be saturated with the presence of God. Uh our hearts can be saturated with revival, joy, unspeakable and full of glory. I tell you, I don't want to just say I believe that that God sent a pro. I want to live uh I want to live in heavenly places. I want to thrive in the joy of the Lord. I want to live in the promises of God. Not by my own efforts, but by the power of his visitation. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. That's why the prophet said, "We didn't come just to talk about the message, but we come to get in the message." And the message is Christ. He is the word. Hallelujah. We're to get into it and get beneath it. the message. Get into it and get beneath it. In other words, let it be headship over your life. Yes, sir. You see, the prophet would say it like this. He says a minister, one of his congregation, he said he could walk a log. He said, "Pastor, sure the Lord is with you." He's he's he's going to walk this log that's on the ground. He said, ' Do you believe that I can walk this log? He said, 'Oh, sure, pastor. God is with you. Oh my. He said, 'I I can pack a log across my my back when I go across. Sure, the Lord is with you. And he went and done it. He said, I can pack a log and will a wheelbarrow across at the same time. Sure, pastor, the Lord is with you. Your faith can do anything. How many times have we been in that kind of a condition? Oh, sure, pastor. Oh, God's with you. Oh, you you can do anything. We believe in your faith. Your faith can do anything. That's way we've looked at even the message. Oh, sure, brother Brandham. Oh, God was with brother Brandham. Oh, yes, sir. Your faith can do anything. Your faith can raise the dead. Your faith can can cause tumors to dissolve from bodies. Amen. There's certain ministries that we've got great confidence in. Oh, if I could just get into there, you know, into that camp or go to that certain revival or if I could have that certain minister lay hands on me. Oh, his faith can do it. But you see, the prophet of God says it like this. He said, I can put you in the wheelbarrow and pack the log. He said, "Now wait a minute. It's different when you're included in it yourself. Oh my. It's different when you're included in it yourself. Says it it's mighty good for us to say uh it's mighty good for us to say here. Amen. It's mighty good for us to say I believe that's true. But then put it in action. You got to put it in action. In other words, amen. The let me just put it like this way. The first two pulls was healing and the and the and visions prophecy. But the third pull was the opening of the word. Amen. The first two pulls. Amen. It didn't put you in the vision. But the third pull, the opening of the word put you a part of the vision. And now you're Amen. You're in the wheelbarrow. Amen. Now you've got something to do and that is it's off of the preacher. It's off of the prophet and it's on your shoulders. A responsibility to the word to receive it as your Lord, as your headship, as your answer, as your all in all, and say, "I'm riding on this promise. I believe it. I believe it's going to save my sons and my daughters. It's going to take us into the rapture. It's the answer that I've been longing for. You see, it's different when you're included in it yourself. Now I I believe that now the opening of the seals put you in the vision because Jesus said at that day you shall know that I am in the father and the father in me and I in you and you in me. And the prophet of God would say when it's revealed this day when the revelation is made known you're going to know that you're one with God. Hallelujah. So we see here now, amen, that now we've got a part to play. You see, the prophet would say it like this, life is in the grain again. Now the prophet would show us that there's four stages. He would show us that we've got he's talking about, you know, the the the wheat and he would say that you you know, first you've got the stock that comes up and and he says that was Luther. He says, "And then you've got a tassel come out of that." He said, "Now that was Wesley." He said, "Then you've got the shock." He said, "Now that was the Pentecostal age." He said, "But the grain is back to the word made flesh." Well, praise the name of the Lord. The same word, the same seed that went into the ground. The same Jesus that went into the ground has now come back again in the bride. In the bride form. Well, you see the prophet would say life is in the grain again. What is it? Just exactly like the same grain that went in the ground. The same Jesus in the bride form. the same up into a head for the rapture. My isn't that tremendous? Amen. Everything throughout the church ages has come to this point in the history of time where it is the same Jesus now in bride form and it's all gathering everything up into the head Christ Jesus for the rapture. Praise the name of the Lord. You see then we've got a part to play. What's the what what's the bride minister? What's your wife minister? The prophet of God says that what your little queen ministers to you at home is she prepares food for you. She ministers food. Uh our our sister Blanca has been providing us some good food and preparing the food. And but you see that's her ministry. Amen. That's her position. She's she's found her place. She's found her position. And she's preparing that food that we can all gather around and feast on that good food. And the prophet of God says that's that's what the bride ministers to Christ. The word man shall not live by bread alone, but every word. She ministers the word to the king, manifesting his promised word in the age that she's living in. I don't know if you ever thought of that before, but as you believe the word and you are becoming the written epistles, manifesting the word, you are ministering the bread of life to God Almighty. My, isn't that what a ministry? not to just come to church, not to just just uh uh read quotes and go home, but we have been called to manifest the word. Hallelujah. And how do we manifest the word? By receiving the promise concerning us. You see, God can only work through believers. Ain't that right? He can't work any other way. He's got to have believers. Now, some people, you know, the mentality of of not not trying to speak negative toward anyone, but so many times they're trying to work themselves up to faith. But the prophet of God showed us that's not how faith comes because faith is given by grace. And so the prophet says that God must have believers for every age. You see the word in every age challenges the believer. The word comes contrary to the rituals, traditions, interpretations, contrary to the creed, contrary to the dogmas, to the denominational thinking. It's totally contrary to the carnal mind. But the message comes to challenge the believer. If thou can't believe it. In every age, they're trying to get something from God. In every age, they're trying to work themselves into God. But the message comes to the elect of the age and doesn't require works, but requires faith. Praise the name of the Lord. So he that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit says to the church. Now he that hath an ear. So that means that there are those predestinated hearing. Now, Brother Brandham would say in proving his word, in order to have believers to meet that word, he's got to predestinate it to that age. You see it? He's got to predestinate this thing to be there to meet the challenge of the age. Now, I like how brother Brandham says this. He says, "Did it get you? Did you feel it? Did you see it? Do you understand it? That's what's happening today. He predestinated it to this by his fornowledge. When he predestinated in Malachi 4, it's got to happen. When he come over and predestinates anything to happen in this word, he had to prove his word to be so. When he predestinates anything to happen and says it will happen. He knows that seed will be there just at that time. He predestinated a bride. She's going to be there. Going to be a rapture. She's going to be there. He predestinated predestinates it by his fornowledge. There's nothing going to stop it. So God predestinated you to be believers to accept the challenge of the message for this day. Not debating, not arguing, but surrendering to it. You see, we are only the physical manifestation of the attributes of God. In other words, the prophet would say it like this. Any son is the attributes of his father. Just as you were in the genes of your father, in the body of your father when you was a young boy, you were in him. Yet he could not have fellowship with you because you didn't know because he didn't know you. But then through the bedding grounds of a mother, you were brought forth into the earth and become in the image of your father. Then he could have fellowship with you. And so were you sons of God and daughters of God before there was even a moon, stars, or a molecule. You were sons and daughters of God. For you are only the physical manifestation of the attributes that was in God at the beginning. For there's only one form of eternal life, and that was you before. You don't know nothing about it. You don't remember it. You don't know anything about it. But God sent us a prophet in this hour and says in order to have eternal life, you had to be there. Before there was a moon, before there was an Adam, before there was a world, you were a part of the eternal gene of God. And now you have been expressed to have fellowship with God. How are we having fellowship with God? by believing his word, by saying amen to every word, covered by the blood of God. No sins, no condemnation, nothing to hold us captive any longer. We've been set free by the power of Calvary by the blood of Jesus Christ. Redeemed back to fellowship with God, saying, "Lord, I'm your son. I'm your daughter. I believe your promise. You will not leave me here in Leosa. You will not leave me to go through tribulation. And we are having fellowship around the mysteries that have been revealed in this last days. Antichrist has been revealed. The United States has been revealed. Russ has been revealed. What things are happening in this hour has been revealed. But let me tell you something. You have been revealed who you are. That your name was written on the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. And now you have been manifest to fellowship around this revealed word. Oh, you forgive me. I get so happy I want to shout. Praise the name of the Lord. to be able to see that in this hour identification has come. Not one of those blasphemous names. Not just a Baptist church or Presbyterian church or or a Pentecostal church. Neither are we just a message church. We are bloodbought bornagain sons and daughters of the living God. And it's the alpha has become the omega. The same Jesus that was the alpha has become the omega bride. The same Jesus, the same power, the same authority that Adam lost has been restored back to the church of the living God. You say, "Well, I don't know about that. We don't have the bodies yet." But we've been given the title deed. And not just the title deed, we've been given the abstract title deed. And the lean has been taken off of our lives. The blood of Jesus Christ has annihilated sin, annihilated condemnation, had has totally destroyed all un unbelief out of our lives. All things are possible to them that believe. Hallelujah. Yes. Amen. Amen. Amen. You see, brother Brandon would say that in the beginning was the word. The word was with God and the word was God and the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. Hallelujah. Our kinsman redeemer in flesh. The almighty God, the mighty conqueror, the God that spoke and universes appeared. The sun appeared. The stars appeared. The moon appeared. This world that we walk on appeared. All because of the spoken word. And in the beginning was the word. That's God. But then the word was made flesh. God condescending, made flesh, dwelling among us. But in him was attributes. Those eternal genes, the eternal God made flesh. And the prophet of God says the word was made flesh. Therefore, you walked with them. Did you ever think of that, young people? You walked with him. When God made flesh in Jesus Christ, you walked with him. Just like, how did you get here? Because you were a part of your daddy's life. Hallelujah. It's because you started as just a little baby and then now you're growing and you've come to an age where you can realize, you can say your name and know who you are, know who your mom and daddy is. You've been manifested. You're having fellowship. was the same way that in the Lord Jesus we were there. Hallelujah. And the prophet would say it so beautifully. You walked with him when he was on earth. When you were in him, when he was on earth, you suffered with him and you died with him. You was buried with him. And now you are risen with him. and manifested attributes of God setting in heavenly places already raised resurrected to new life and setting in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Oh, that means so much nowadays church. That means so much to see to us to see oursel positionally placed in Jesus Christ. Now, if we are those attributes of God, we cannot live by creeds. We cannot live by denominationalism. We must live by the word because the bride is a part of the bridegroom like any wife is a part of her husband. Therefore, we must be that word bride. And what is that word bride? The manifestation of this hour. The bride, not a creed or a denomination, but a living oracle of God. a living attribute of God displaying to the world the attributes of God and the formation of the bride that's to be expressed in this hour that we're now living. Aren't you glad that God sent a prophet to identify what that word bride is the manifestation of this hour? The word made manifest. So we can read it like this. In the beginning was the word. The word was with God. The word was God. The word was made flesh. And I was in him then. And when he died, I died. When he rose, I rose. And now I am the physical manifestation of his victory. What he paid for. I am the victory. What he redeemed, I am the redeemed. And now I am bearing fruits of that redemption. Praise the name of the Lord. So what has God done? He's called us out to believe the promise. Just as Abraham was called by election to believe the promise and then he was tested upon that promise. Notice in his humanity in his in the the physical body was getting weaker and weaker and weaker. But God just kept confirming the promise through the whole time. The human element in his in his body, he just saw weakness, frailty. There's no way that I can fulfill the promise. And and yet when his when his life story was wrote, Paul wrote his life story, it says that Abraham never staggered at the promise of God. Yet we find that Abraham actually disbelieved at times. But here God is not looking at his works. He's looking at his faith. So God sent a prophet over here and says Abraham was justified not by his works. He's justified by his faith. And Abraham never staggered at the promise of God. But he grew stronger in faith, testifying of the promise, refusing to look at the deadness of his body, refusing to look at the deadness of Sarah's body. He was calling those things that be not as though they already were. For faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not yet seen. So Abraham was holding to that promise. That's what he was called for. He was chosen. He was called out of idolatry. He was called out of paganism. He was called out of his old his his home and his kindred and and all of those things to live a separated consecrated life to the promise. So, have we been called to be separate even though we're still living in this habit habitation of decay? Even though we still have our five senses of our sight and our hearing and our feeling and and our five senses of our spirit which is imagination, conscience, reasoning, affection and our emotions. But you see, we have been called to separate from those things and walk by the six sense which is the Holy Ghost, faith, a supernatural walk with God, that when our side says it can't happen, when our reasoning says it can't happen, when our emotions are up one day and down the next day and up the next day and down the next. But we are called to be separate. Separate from our human sense, separate from our imagination, separate from our conscience, and walk with God. Hallelujah. While we're yet in this this habitation, we're always going to h our sense of sight is always going to be with us. our sense of hearing. We're going to be able to hear negativity. We're going to be able to have senses that that are that are always trying to control us by negativity. The world is trying to always make us victims, victims of circumstance, victims of this, victims of this. But I just want to say what a prophet said. We are his victory. We are not victims. We are overcomers. We are not victims of Leosa. We are overcomers of Leosa. We are not hotbed plants that can't take pressure. We have been pressurized into the astronaut age by the power of the Holy Ghost. We are sitting in heavenly places in Christ walking by the six sense. Oh, now we're challenged by the message of this hour. We're challenged to refuse to believe what we see. To refuse to believe the doctor's report. When the doctor says you've got cancer, you're going to die. We're challenged. Cast down the doctor's report and believe the true report. By his stripes, you are healed. Hallelujah. When the devil trips you up and then tells you you're worthless, tells you you'll never make it and then you finally get strengthened up to get back on your feet and then he comes and knocks you back down and then he whispers in your ear and says, "You're a loser." I tell you what you need to do. You get back on your feet and say, "Satan, you don't have enough. You don't have enough to destroy me. You're the loser. I'm a conquering king. Hallelujah. Get back on your feet, young people. When the devil tries to bruise you up and trip you up and defile you and say that you're not going to make the rapture, I challenge you. Stand on your feet. Put your shoulders back and say, "Satan, I'm a son of God. I'm a daughter of God. I'm going to make the rapture because it's who I am. I've got the rapture in me. I've got the quickening power already within me. [Music] Hallelujah. Stagger not. Abraham stagger not. He understood that God was faithful to the promise. It challenged him for 24 years. He was challenged. But each time he grew weaker, he was getting closer to the visitation with Elohim. I tell you friends, we have been longing for this day. I don't want to get into it deep right now, but I just want to say we've been waiting for this visitation, Elohim, to come and discern the thoughts and intents of our heart and to declare who we are and to change our bodies. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. the prophet of God tying it together, Abraham and Abraham's seed. Says he staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief, but with strong giving praise to God, knowing that he was able to perform what he had promised. And that's the way everyone must be that way. You must come with an unfailing faith, believing that God made the promise. But you have to be in a position to have that faith. And that's what we're going to talk on to receive that faith. Now, you see, Brother Brandham is preaching perfect faith. He's putting the people in position to have perfect faith. Now, what is perfect faith? Perfect faith is just simply saying, "God, you said it. I believe it. That settles it. Regardless of what your sense of sight says, regardless of what your feeling says, regardless of imagination, conscience, reasoning, affection, all of those things will lie to you. They are a part of the fall and they will lie to you because they are contacting this natural earth. But you see the six sense is a part of that of that new birth. The six sense is the new birth that puts you into the astronaut age to bring you into the heavenly places. And when your conscience is trying to bring you back down, but the six sense says, "Lord, I believe. I believe. I believe your word. You are faithful that promised. You see, the prophet of God is taking a Holy Ghost church and putting us in position to just simply believe the word. You see, the prophet of God would say it like this. He says there's the Jew faith. He says the Jew faith is come lay your hands on my daughter. You see, we believe in laying hands on the sick. How many believes in laying hands on the sick? It's just as scriptural today as it always has been. But brother Brandham is showing us there's different faiths. He says there's a Jew faith that Gyrus says, "If you can lay your hands on my daughter, she will be made whole." He says, "Then there's the Gentile faith which just simply says, speak the word. If I'm a man of authority, if you speak the word, my servant will be made whole." Amen. But then there is a God faith, a Jew faith, a Gentile faith, but God's own faith says you speak the word. Hallelujah. It's when God, it's not just saying, God, if you'll come, oh God, if you'll just speak the word, but now God has spoke the word. And the word is now in your mouth. And he's saying you speak the word. You're in the message. Now the third Paul has put you in the vision. Now you speak. John, the word has been open. But John, Revelations 10. Now the seventh angel has taken the book. He's opened the seals. But now John, a type of the bride, is commissioned to go to the angel, take the book, eat the book, and prophesy again. Not prophesying or adding to the message, but taking the vindicated word and speaking it again. Prophesy over your family. Speak over your situations. Speak over your health. Speak your way into a body change. What did the prophet of God say? He's the high priest of our confession. What is confession? to say the same thing as. So, we're not adding to the word. We're not taking away from the word. We're taking the word and just saying what it says. Abraham would say, "I'm going to have a son." Where did he get that revelation? God said it. And he kept speaking it. I'm going to have a son. I'm going to have a son. I'm going to manifest that promise. He kept getting older. He kept getting weaker, more frail, but he kept quoting the scripture. Quoting the promise. He was writing on that promise. Praise the name of the Lord. What's the What's Abraham's royal seed doing? Keep quoting the promise. Speaking the promise. Speaking that promise. I'm riding on this promise. It's going to take me in my body. Change. It's going to bring It's going to It's going to bring I Let me just say like this. It's going to bring those lost loved ones home. Hallelujah. Well, how can I say that? How can you say that? Because there's a promise. The same faith that saved you is the same faith that can take that token and apply it over your family. Praise the name of the Lord. You see, we're riding on the promise. God's own faith. You speak the word. What do you have need of? Well, Brother Brandham was hunting and he needed some squirrels. But we don't need squirrels. But I tell you what we can create. We can create an atmosphere. And do you realize that we can create an atmosphere of possibility? We can create an atmosphere that all things are possible and begin to take that promise and say, "Lord, I believe it. Be it unto me according to thy word." Amen. You see, that's the reason the prophet of God would say that he's given us his word. He He gave us the best thing that he could ever give us, and that is his word. Satan is always trying to come up with a better tactic, a better weapon, always trying to get us to reason. But you see, God gave us the best thing and that was his word. So he only makes his word more positive, more real. And so in the last days, amen, in the revealing, Luke 17:30, when the son of man is revealed or when the word is made flesh, when the word becomes reality. Amen. Everything that that Luther But Luther moved on into Wesley and Wesley moved on into the baptism of the Holy Ghost, but then it moved on into the reality of the word. the very thing that we have been needing, the word. Amen. But you see, the prophet of God would show us in perfect faith. He would say that that he says that you've got to recognize your position just as Jesus recognized who he was. Therefore, he had faith because he knew who he was. faith could produce when he knowed what he was. Now, if you abide in me and my word in you, then you know who you are. Ask what you will, it'll be given to you. Let me just back up again because again, the prophet of God is showing us. He says, "You have to be in a position to have that faith." And that's what we're going to talk on to receive that faith. Amen. And the prophet would say, "You've got to know who you are." He's putting us in position to believe for all things. Are you with me? Still putting us in position to take God at his word. Amen. So Jesus understood who he was. He was not trying to become the son of God. He was the son of God. And he was looking to the prophecy and saying this day this scripture is fulfilled. He understood Moses prophesied of him. Isaiah prophesied of him. Hallelujah. the types and the shadows was prophesying of him. And he knew he was made manifest to fulfill the words. He was the physical manifestation of the prophet's prophecy. Then if this bride knows who she is, that she is not the type, but she is the physical manifestation of Enoch's type. She is the physical manifestation of Rahab's type. She is the physical manifestation of Sarah's type. Every type, every shadow, this bride is the manifestation of what God has been laying in the word for thousands of years. Then you can stand up and say, "I am the bride of Jesus Christ. I'm not trying to become the word. I am the word. When you can see your place in the scripture and you understand your position in the word in Christ, there is nothing can defeat you. There is nothing can hold you back. There's not enough devils in hell can discourage you. There's not enough devils in hell that can anoint your senses to talk you out of the rapture. You are predestinated to meet the challenge of the message of the hour. I believe the word and I see myself a part of Malachiah 4. I see myself a part of of Joel 2:28, the church being restored back to the original faith. I see myself being restored back to what Adam lost. Hallelujah. Every message, every scripture, every type is written of you and me. Is this okay? Every type. You're not a type of Enoch. Enoch's your type. Rahab behind those Jericho denominational walls. You're not a type of her. She was your type. Sarah doubting the promise, wondering how she's going to fulfill manifest the promised son and God would have killed her, but she was a part of Abraham. You're not a type of Sarah. Sarah was your type. And how many times have we thought in our humanity, I can't fulfill the promise. I can't make it. I can't make it another day. I don't know if I can hold on. Let me tell you something. Quit trying to hold on. Let go and let God. You don't have enough keeping power. You don't have enough holding power. It's by grace we are saved. And that by faith alone, praise the name of the Lord, God would have killed her. God would have killed us. But we're a part of Christ and we are not replaceable. God will never have a new thought of you. God will never have a new thought. No one can ever replace you. So God by his fornowledge, by his thinking, saw you. Therefore, he could predestinate you, knowing that you would come in the most wicked, deceiving ages, but you would stand the test and you would stand there and say, "God, I believe. God, I believe." Oh, praise the name of the Lord. when everything's against you, when all hell is against you, but you're standing there believing the word, saying amen to the word, making love to your God, making love to your bridegroom. Praise the name of the Lord. You see, Christ, and now I'm I'm about to close. Amen. Christ was our example. No other example. Christ is our example. We sing the song to be like Jesus. On earth I long to be like him. You see, Christ is our example. And and he thought it not robbery to be equal with God. And Paul said, "Let this same mind that was in Christ, who understood his position and understood who he was, let that same mind be in you. And Paul said, "Cast down reasonings. Cast down imagination. Cast down anything that exalts itself above the revelation." Hallelujah. Can't you see the grace that God has given us in this hour to bring us this revelation that the alpha bridegroom has become the omega, the bride of Jesus Christ? That it's we're not a secondary. We're we're we're not a byproduct, but we've been restored back to his side. Hallelujah. Remember the masterpiece. Remember Michelangelo struck the image. It become such a reality. What he saw in his mind become such a reality. And he struck the knee and said, "Speak." And left a little chip and he couldn't he couldn't put it back together. But God, his great masterpiece, the word made flesh and he struck Christ on Calvary. But then he took that little chip and he made a masterpiece called the bride of Jesus Christ. And what Michelangelo could not do in his humanity, God by his supernatural took the bride and put it back into the sight of Jesus Christ. We're bone of his bone. We're flesh of his flesh. We're spirit of his spirit. We're life of his life. When you see me, you see God, the word made flesh in bride form again. And as the bridegroom understood his position, so the bride understands her position. Praise the name of the Lord. We're not trying to become the word. We are the word by being predestinated in Christ before the foundation of the world. That's why Ephesians is a book of adoption. And Paul says, "You were chosen in him before the foundation of the world." Hallelujah. And the word has come to bring a recognition and identification of who we are in him. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Oh, all hell is against this revelation of Christ in you. Oh, hell is trying to talk us out of this revelation of Christ, the hope of glory in you. You forgive me. I get be I I just get carried away. I the things that brother Brandham says, it just starts pouring in. Brother Brandham says, "Dees not in heaven. Deities in you." Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Amen. Then recognize your position in the scripture as a believer. You've got to recognize your position as he recognized his position. What are you a believer? Oh, how many times I've stood in prayer lines and and and Satan causing people to doubt and and make them think that they're not believers and trying to trying to make them think they're not, you know, they're not performing this and they're not doing this and and and because they get nervous and tense and trying to work something up and feel like they don't have enough. Hallelujah. And the devil makes people so nervous, but then you just bring it to that one simple question. Do you believe? And then the hands go up, the tears begin to fall, and the chains are broke. Yes, I believe. And that's all God is asking. Do you believe? I'm riding on this promise. The waters are troubled. I'm stepping into the power of the dynamics of the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. It's not whether I It's not whether I held on. It's whether he held on for me. And when they nailed those hands to Calvary to make sure, I was in him then. And when he held on and he cried, "It is finished forever." was settled past and future. All sins were annihilated because every germ of eternal life was in him. Glory to God. And I see my position. I see myself not just as a justified bride, sanctified bride, a baptized bride with the Holy Ghost, but I see a were bride possessially placed with all authority and dominion. Everything that Adam lost has been restored back to us in this last day. Everything that we've been longing for has been restored back to us. Hallelujah. That's why Jesus said, "If you destroy this body, this temple, I'll raise it up again in three days." Hallelujah. He was just as satisfied he'd do that because the scripture said he would do it. I'll not leave his soul in hell, neither will I suffer my holy one to see corruption. A prophet who the word comes to had said that would happen. And he knowed he was that person. You see, he understood the scripture concerning himself. Therefore, upon that one promise, he went to Calvary, knowing that he would raise again. One promise. Can I say it like this? He rode that promise all the way to the whipping post. All the way c dragging that cross. Blood soaking his garment so weak that he collapsed. Someone else had to drag his cross. But upon that one promise, he was riding it all the way up to Calvar's heel. And as he was there nailed to that cross, he had you in his mind. He knew that you were going to be made manifest. He knew that he would have a seven church age bride without spot, without wrinkle, without blemish. And in the last days, he would have a bride that would believe it all. And there would be such a perfect understanding of scripture of who we are that he would raise Paul from the dead. It would raise Peter from the dead. It would raise Iranius and Columba and all of those down. It would raise William Brandham from the dead. He knew it. He knew what he was doing. And he said, "Destroy this body, but I'll raise it up again." And he said, "Destroy this bride. Let her be fed lions. Let her be fed, you know, killed, burnt, and everything else. But I'll raise her up again. I see the promise. I see my name written all over Malachi 45 and 6. I see my name written all over Luke. Uh Luke 17:30, Revelations 5, Revelations 10. I see my name all over S. John 14:12. The works that I do shall you do also, for I go unto my father. I see my name written all over the word. And I tell you friends, this bride sees her position in the scripture that we have come not just to be a church member, but to be the word made manifest. and we're riding on it. This rapture can't go without me because he's coming for a bride without spot, without wrinkle. And that's who I am. Riding on it. This is the revival. Oh, the revival of the hour, predestinated unto the rapture. Hallelujah. Then we can see ourselves in St. John 5:24. He that heareth my word and believeth on him that sent me hath everlasting life, and I will raise him up again at the last days. That's me. I will raise him up, the individual. That's me. I put my name right there. I've already passed from death unto life. Can't go into judgment because I've already the slave belts been taken off. I've been covered by the bleach of the blood. Praise the name of the Lord. And here is the word right there saying, "Just believe it. Just believe it. I predestinated you to believe it." And we say, "Amen. That's who I am. That's who I am. I believe. I praise the name of the Lord." You see, the prophet of God would say like this, "If I taught you a Methodist message, it would take no effect on you. This is bright time. If I brought you just another Pentecostal age message, it would take no effect on you. This is bride time. If if Moses taught the message of Noah, it would take no effect. If Jesus taught the Moses message, it would take no effect because the predestinated seed laying in that ground in that time and season could only be watered by the word for that age. And brothers and sisters, he said, "I will pour out the former and the latter rain together." The message that is falling today, former and latter rain mechanics and dynamics together. The rain that this bride needs is found in the vindicated message of the hour. It's the water. It's the anointing that is falling. And brothers and sisters, we're getting built up in the faith of this hour. Not in the faith of Luther Wesley. We're getting in the faith of this hour. And the faith of this hour is astronaut age. There's a power behind this bride. My goodness. It's not one horse. It's not just 20 horse. It's not just a thousand horsepower, but it's thousands upon thousands. It's atomic power. It's the faith, the quickening power of the Lord Jesus. The same spirit that raised Christ from the dead. If it comes upon you, it'll raise you from the dead and it'll lift you into heavenly places in astronaut age where the limits are taken off. Ain't that beautiful? The limits are taken off. I don't know if I can believe for that. the limits are taken off and the message is right there saying believe it. Every time you listen to the message of the hour, there is not one place in this message that is ever saying be careful now. Be be careful to believe for that now. I don't know if you're worthy to believe for that. No, the message is saying you're worthy. You are now sons and daughters of God. You will not become you not will be someday. You are now present tense the express gene of God. and he's taken the limits off of your faith. Believe for it. I tell you, just a weekend of services, but just just, you know, there's something special about when you just have some con just just a consecrated weekend of services where it just there's just a little bit extra expectation maybe. And I tell you what, in this time, in this season, in this I I in this weekend, why don't you just determine in your heart, I'm going to take the limits off? Let me let me just say it like this. Maybe you've had a besetting sin that you've struggled with and you couldn't get over it. Why don't we take the limits off of God and allow omnipotence to come and break that thing once and for all? You see, God's a cycle breaker. He wants you to He's He's come in this hour to break cycles. He's come just to break traditions. Not just It's by traditions we make the word of God of none effect. But come and just allow God to just break through. Break break break through all the traditions, all the fears, all the whatifs. I I how many times we want to step out in faith and say, "I believe that God can fill me with the Holy Ghost." Even step out and say, "I believe God's filled me with the Holy Ghost." And the devil's right there saying, "But what if? What if?" So many times we we think, you know, well, I can't do that. I can't do that. No, I can't do that. Do you realize, brother Bradom says that the Holy Ghost came to rid us of the I can'tss? He wants you to say I can. I can. I can't. Not. You see, it's an age of understanding. And God wants you wants to see wants you to take the word not by an intellectual revival but a real word revival the power of the Holy Ghost opening the word to your hearts and being able to say that's me. As our as our musicians come you you you remember how brother Brandham took us through the little the little story of how that there was a little boy and They live way out way out in the heels. They were poor people. And so they didn't have much much money, much materialistic things. And they only had just a little bitty little bitty mirror, you know, that daddy shaved or they combed their hair or something of that nature. That little boy had never seen himself in a mirror before. Y'all remember that story? and how that one time they went and went into the city and they were going to see I believe grandma they going to the city and my this little boy is walking through this through this big house and he's looking through this door and that door and my he's just you know intrigued and interested and and and all of these different things and then he comes to a door and this door had been closed before but now it's and he seen a mirror that he had never seen before, but he didn't at the time know that it was a mirror, but he actually seen another little boy. He began to, you know, he's he thought it was another playmate or something. So, he's getting close to this little boy. He says when he took a step, the other little boy took a step. When he moved his hand, the other little boy moved his hand. He said, "Mama and grandma looked and they seen what was happening. They said, you know, let's just see what's going to happen." Finally, it came to a place that that little boy stood there face to face with himself and understanding struck and he turned around and said, "Well, mama, that's me." Do you realize that God has opened this word And it's like a mirror. And the closer we get to it, the closer we come under it, submit to it, we can say one thing. That's me. That's me. Every type, every shadow, everything that was written of the groom is written of the bride. Mama, that's me. You know, if you listen to the prayer lines, there's people who come dumb or deaf and they couldn't speak, couldn't hear, right? And after they were healed, Brother Brandham would say, "Now repeat after me." Mom, and you can actually hear it. They go, "Mom." They had never heard it before. But there is a prophet that after they've been healed and their hearing is open now, their tongue has been loose to speak and now a prophet is putting a word in their mouth and saying, "Repeat after me." Mama, do you realize that our hearing was subject to denominational interpretation? All these things, but God by his grace opened our understanding. And the first thing we have heard was a prophet saying, repeat after me, I am a son of God. I am a daughter of God. I am the word bride of the word groom. I am him. Where did we get that kind of a talk? Well, a prophet is a divine interpreter of the word. And he begin to take all the scriptures and begin to challenge our faith and say, "Say what I say. Don't add to it. Don't take away from it." But God has given us a word to overcome by in this age. Do you believe that? All things are possible to them that believe. You know, maybe we can just sing that song again. I need thee, Lord. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. right now. [Music] Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Would you want to just lift your hands and just sing? I lift my hands. I bow my knee to worship at your throne. I need [Music] you. I need you, Lord, right now. Whatever you have need of, just lay it over on that promise word. I need you, Lord. Lord, you promised to be my healer. You promised to be my revivor. You promised that you would refill me. I need you, Lord. You promised to restore me. [Music] Oh, I lift my hands. Oh, that's it to worship him. Why don't you just recognize you're before his throne of grace right now? The first night of these meetings. Just a challenge coming to us. Only believe. Oh Lord, would you have compassion on me? Have compassion on my son. The devil's trying to destroy him. Have compassion on my home. Satan is trying to bring discouragement, fear, nervous, tensions. Oh, can you have compassion on me? Can you hear Jesus speak back? Can you believe the compassion of Jesus in this hour is turning our hearts back to the word? Just believe. Just [Music] believe. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. Right now, I surrender. I lift my hands. I bow my knee to worship at your throne. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. There's an old song that says, "I surrender all." Oh, I surrender all. I surrender all to thee, my blessed Savior, I surrender. Sing it again. Oh, I surrender. Would you just like to expose your heart to him? I surrender to you, Lord. Come and fill me. Aresh all to thee, my blessed Savior, I surrender. Oh, all to Jesus. I surrender all to him. My I will ever love and trust in his precious name. Oh, I surrender to all. I surrender all to thee my blessed Savior I surrender. All the next verse all to Jesus. All to Jesus I surrender at his feet I worthy pleasure all forsake him. Take me Jesus. Oh, take me. Oh, I surrender. I surrender all. I surrender. I surrender all. Be my blessed savior. I as they play it. You know, I know this is the first night of the meeting, but maybe you've come with just a real special need. Maybe you don't you don't have to come up if you'd like to. Your pastor and I can pray with you. But what I want us to do, if you would, why don't we just make a a rededication to the Lord? Such a sweet atmosphere, such a sweet presence. Why don't you just lay everything before his throne of grace? Say, "Lord Jesus, I need you, Lord. My faith has been challenged, but I accept the challenge. I've been predestinated to believe for all things." Maybe you're that like that eagle. You just your eagle visions a little dimmed over. Maybe your Maybe your beak is a little crusted over. Maybe you just need a real renewing, a real refreshing of the Holy Ghost. Why don't we just take this opportunity right now and say, "Lord, refresh me." Oh, God sees your heart, friends. God sees your heart. He loves you. You're his own. He died for you. He sent this message just for you. It's his love letter that he's revealed to you. Heavenly Father, we surrender our hearts. Lord, we're in divine presence and in this atmosphere, all things are possible. Lord, we're just letting go of everything else. And we're letting our faith go and we're just touching the hymn of your garment as you walk by. There's a cry in our hearts saying pass me not oh gentle savior hear my humble cry while on others thou art calling do not pass me by. Oh God come in a supernatural visitation. Bless your children. Father we see that that we are the fulfillment of prophecy. all of the types and all of the prophets prophecy laying out for this day. Lord, a bride without spot, without wrinkle, delivered and freed to believe for all things. That's who we are. We've been loosed from the bondage of sin, free of condemnation. Lord Jesus, bless your people. move as only you can, Father. Lord, just refresh and renew and refill. We ask it in the mighty name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen and amen. Oh, I surrender all. Yes, Lord. I surrender all. I surrender all. Oh, I surrender all. I surrender. Let's stand if we would. Oh, all to thee, my blessed savior, I surrender all. I was reading before service, usually before I start a we open up meetings, I usually read a scripture and it was in Ephesians 2 where he talked about by grace through faith are you saved. He says, "You've been predestined to good works." Amen. He's got a plan for each one of us. But I was also thinking before service that so often we long for revival. But you got to remember what the prophet said. He says, "When revival rolls through, there's no more in you after than there was before. All it does is it cleans out what was there in the first place." Amen. Sometimes we're screaming for revival and what we need is the first filling. Amen. We need something to revive. Amen. We need that initial revival of the baptism of the Holy Spirit. Amen. So, I want to sing that song, Holy Spirit, rain down. Amen. As we just worship for a little bit, you stay. Let's just settle. No, nobody's in a hurry. Just settle down. Let's just worship him. You keep your heart, keep your mind settled on him. You keep your needs before him. You keep your health before him. You keep your family before him. You keep your loved ones before him, your children before him, your family before him. Young people, you keep your need for the Holy Spirit before you. You say, "Lord, I'm here to get it." And if you've got it, say, "Lord, I'm here to get it again." A refilling, a rebaptism, a retouch. Lord, take away I liked what he said. We get crusty sometimes, don't we? Lord, take away the crustiness, Lord. Take away that hard shell. Take away that indifference, Lord. Soften my spirit. Fill us with your spirit. Amen. Make us suitable for the master's use again. Amen. Let's sing it a bit. Holy Spirit, rain down. Oh, [Applause] rain down. Oh, comforter and friend. How we need your touch. Holy Spirit rain down rain down. Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy Spirit, rain down. Oh, Holy Spirit, [Applause] rain down. Won't you rain? Oh comforter and [Applause] friend, how we need your touch again. Holy Spirit, rain down. Oh, rain down. Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy [Music] Spirit, rain down. Sing it one more time. Oh, Holy Spirit, rain down. Won't you rain down? Oh, comforter and friend. How we need your touch again. Holy Spirit rain down. Won't you rain down? Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Let unchange our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy [Music] Spirit rain down. 1270 breathe. This is the air I breathe. [Music] 1270. This is the air I breathe. This is the air I breathe. Your holy presence it's living in me. [Music] This is my daily [Music] bread. This is my daily bread. Your very word spoken to me. And I I'm desperate for you. And [Laughter] I I'm lost without you. This is the air I breathe. This is the air I breathe. This is the air I breathe. Your holy presence living in me. This is my daily bread. This is my daily [Music] bread. Your very word spoken to me. And I I'm desperate for you and I I'm desperate without you. I'm desperate for you and [Laughter] I I'm desperate for you. And [Laughter] I I'm lost without you. Keep playing. keep playing. You know, he said, "I loved it. I'm not a runner and I'm not a shoutter, but I could have run and I could have shout when he said, "You're not the type. You're the reality." You don't point back to them. They're pointing to you. Let me take it a step further than he took it. Our prophet said, "If you can't see Jesus Christ in every page of the Bible, go back and read it again." What does that say about you? If you can't see yourself there, go back and read it again because they're all pointing to you again. What were they? Broken vessels, broken people, fallen soldiers, fallen women, hopeless, old, worn out, imperfect. But what do you see by faith? By faith. And God looking back through the blood could only see not Abram, but Abraham. And he could not see his mistakes. All he could see was the faith that he had the entire time. Not the ups and downs, not the ins and outs. What was Abraham feasting on? Your very word spoken to me. You got to need today. You got to find your word spoken to you. Amen. Not to your spouse, not to mommy, not to daddy, not the preacher. You've got to find your word spoken to you. And you say, "Lord, I'm here for your word. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Not just in my heart, but in my life. In my in my very flesh, this very body. Lord, let it happen. Amen. Let's sing this again. Let's sing it. Your very word. I'm living, Lord, by your word to me. We're not a message bride. We're a word bride. Okay? This is not a denomination. If you're here because of that, you need a new birth. But you're here because you heard a word spoken to you and it quickens something inside of you. And that's the life that's trying to express itself tonight, tomorrow. It's been trying to express itself all along. You always were children of God, but what's trying to happen is the word's trying to manifest itself. What's he asking for? Take me at my word. Have faith. Fear not. Behold, I'm with you, even in you to the end of the age. Amen. Let's sing it once more. This is the air I breathe. Amen. If you've been breathing something else, if you've been feeding on something else, make a make a decision tonight. Say, "Lord, I'm going to breathe a different air. I'm going to feed on a different word. Calling that which is in contrary to the word as if it were not, and letting the word be our faith this evening." Amen. Let's sing it. This is the air I breathe. This is the air I [Music] breathe. Your holy presence, it's living in me. This is my daily bread. This is my daily bread. Your very word spoken to me. And [Laughter] I I'm desperate for you. And [Laughter] I I'm lost without you. And I And I [Laughter] I'm desperate for you and [Laughter] [Applause] I I'm lost without you. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. I have a testimony. Brother Matt handed this to me. He said, "Brother Dale is doing so much better today." He said he is feeling better than over a week ago before he got sick. He slept better last night and feels like being up and at it. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. You've ever noticed, Brother Dale? He He says what the word said. He never said, "I've got cancer." He never worried. He never fretted. He said, "I'm okay with whatever, but I believe the Lord will heal me." And he's doing it. And he's done it. And what does Satan do? He raises up something. Satan tries to raise up a standard. And what does he say? All is well. All is well. Can we sing that? All is well. You've got to have faith to say all is well. When you've heard a message that says peace, don't fear. Don't worry. He's got it all in control. Amen. That's our message this evening. All is well. Let's sing it to him. Oh, all is well. Oh, all is well. We have heard the message shalom and all is well. There is a place of perfect rest behind the inner veil. Oh rest little bride rest for all is well. Oh, all is well. All is well. For we have heard the message shalom and all is [Music] well. There is a place of perfect rest behind the inner veil. So rest little bride rest for all is well. Amen. We're going to sing that song by his word. Amen. And as we close in prayer tonight, amen. Remember the service tomorrow. Remember brother Jonathan, he's got three hard days of work here. He's got one done, two to go. Pray the Lord will just give him a good night's rest and inspire him for the other services. And then remember, we've got the breakfast tomorrow morning at 10:00, I believe, for those that would like to come to that. And then service tomorrow at 5:30 p.m. Amen. Keep it in prayer. Come expecting, come ready, come pulling. Amen. And trust the Lord to do a wonderful thing. Amen. We've had a good start. Let's continue in it by his word. Amen. I'm gonna ask brother Chad to come and close if we would at the end of this. By his word, oh, I'll [Laughter] prevail by his word. I'll never fail by his word. I'll overcome by his word. I'll prevail. I'll overcome. Oh, by his word I'll [Laughter] prevail. By his word, I'll never fail. by his word all over come. Oh, by his word I prevail over. Amen. [Music] Thank you, Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord. Amen. Lord, sometimes we live lives of quiet desperation, not knowing how to really truly ask you, Father, for what is needed. reasoning in the mind and Lord but you said ask and it shall be given. Thank you Lord. I pray father if someone's praying for the Holy Ghost Lord I pray that you do not pass them by. I pray that you touched them Lord. Yes Lord let us not settle for a painted fire Lord. Yes Lord. Yes Lord. Let us stand for the real thing Lord. Yes, let us not settle for anything but what you have promised, Lord. Help us not be confused, tossed to and fro, Lord, but stand walking the line, Lord. Those of us who need help walking the line, Lord, I pray you stand right beside us, Lord. Thank you for everything that you're doing, Lord. Everything you've done. And I pray Lord that this weekend never live the same again. Lord totally touch your people once again Lord. Thank you Father God for brother John traveling Lord and putting himself aside Father that you may use him in a special way. Lord, help us come tomorrow, Lord, prepared, expecting and leave with a great understanding of your word. Lord, I pray for our pastor, Lord, and his family. We pray that you touch them as well, Lord. Pray for sister Brenda, Lord, and her ear, Father. Father, you said just ask, Lord, tonight I ask in the name of Jesus Christ that you touch her year, Lord. Yes, Lord. Touch her in a special way, Lord. Sister Kimberly, Father God, and for the Paul and family, just pray a special blessing for them. As we leave, Lord, let us come with great expectation tomorrow, Lord, in Jesus Christ name. Amen. [Music] Oh. Hey. Hey. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Where are [Music] you? Praise his name. Praise his name. [Music] ang again began. to praise the Lord. in the house. Now there is where now there is hope. Praise his name. Praise his name. in the house. Now there is where there is no praise. Praise his name. He's in the house. [Music] again. There's a light that shines me. All the world is in the house and now there is life and now there is no praise. Praise his name. He is the found. And now there is hope. There's no praise. Praise his name. He's in the house. Calary and praise his name. Great evening. In the house there is where darkness used to be. Now there is no praise. Praise him. [Music] Powerom and wisdom. [Music] of [Music] you. The right hand of God to you. [Music] the right hand of [Music] Godless and Power and [Music] wisdom and honor and power and wisdom and Thank [Music] you. the right hand of God. We are to you. You sit at the right hand of God. [Music]
