################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-27 - 20250326 - Shalom In The Home - Reconcile The House - Bro. Barry Coffey - Barry Coffey.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-03-27
Title:    20250326 - Shalom In The Home - Reconcile The House - Bro. Barry Coffey
Speaker:  Barry Coffey
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 41m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YMP13fRfBOU
========================================

Description:
Quotes and Scriptures: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1z00ojYSyXJborXZSntoeZDKE6NCKWti6/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] My Jesus, my savior. Let's stand. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. My cup, my sh tower of reuge and strength. Let every breath Amen. All that I am never cease to worship you. Amen. Shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing hallelujah. Power and majestic praise to the king. Mountains bow down. The seas will roll at the sound. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, I sing for joy at the work of your hands. Forever I love you. Forever I stand. Nothing compares with the proise I have in you. My Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days. Amen. Hallelujah. the wonders of your mighty love. Yes. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. My comfort, my shelter, power of refuge and strength. Let every breath. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Never cease to worship you. Shout to the Lord. All the earth let us sing. Power and majesty praise to the king. Mountains bow down and the sea. At the sound of your name, I sing for joy at the work of your hand. Forever I love you forever. Amen. Nothing compares to the promise I have. I sing for joy at the work of your hands. Forever I love you. Yes. Amen. Hallelujah. Nothing compares to the promise I have in you. And I sing for joy at the work of your hands. Forever I love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the proise I have in you. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. God bless you. Good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Greet everybody in the name of the Lord. Welcome, Sister Becky. God bless you. Good to have you. Good to have brother Mary, of course, with us as well. Praise the Lord. Let's sing um in 786, I cast all my cares upon you. I cast all my cares. Amen. Ask Chad if you'd open in prayer tonight. And remember, brother Barry as he brings the word of the Lord and uh just continue to pray for him and sister Vicki of course as they're here for the week and the the marriage of marriage seminar on Saturday as well. So pray one for another. Remember sister Katrina as well and we're continue to pray for brother Nelson Guy also as he uh as he recovers. So, God bless him. And if there's any other need, hold it upon your heart as we approach the throne. And let's sing. I cast all my cares as brother Chad leads in prayer. I cast all my cares upon you. Yes. Hallelujah. I lay all of my burdens down at your feet and any Yes. Amen. Hallelujah. I cast all my cares upon you. Yes. Amen. Father. Hallelujah. I lay all of my burdens down at your feet. And any time I don't know just what to do, I will cast. Hallelujah. Amen. Above. Amen. Let's sing it once more. Hallelujah. I cast all my cares upon you. Yes, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. I lay all of my burdens down at your feet. And any time I don't know just what to do. I will cast all my cares upon you. Amen. [Music] Thank you, Lord Jesus. Cast all of our burdens. Such a simple statement, but yet so hard. Lord, I pray, Father God, that help free us, inspire us to indeed be able to lay it at your feet, Lord. Let your people be free, Lord, of the bondage of their mind and everything else that goes on in life. Lord, we want to take the time, Lord Jesus, to welcome you. Welcome you to this meeting, Lord. And pray that you move in a special way. Touch your people, Lord. We pray for all those online, those who support this ministry, Father God, from far and wide. We pray a special blessing to the Lord. Brother Nelson died. Lord, we lay him at your feet. Lord, pray that you touch him and inspire him. Father God, lift him up in ways that this world never could. Lord, I pray now, Father God, for Brother Barry, Lord, and the musicians, Lord, and everybody that makes these meetings come together. I just pray that you move in a special way in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Number 355. And it is higher ground. I'm pressing on the upward way. New heights. I'm gaining every day. Testimony of the believer. Pressing onward and upward. I'm pressing on the upward way. New heights I'm gaining every day. Still praying as I'm over but amen is higher. Amen. Lord, lift me up and let me stand. By faith on heaven's table land, a higher place than I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. My heart has no desire to stay. Amen. Where doubts arise and fears is made. Though some may about my prayer, my aim is higher. Hallelujah. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on heaven's table. A higher pain. Amen. Than I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher. Hallelujah. I want to live above the world. Though Satan's heart, Amen. Let me for faith has come. The joyful sound. Amen. The song of saints on higher. Hallelujah. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on heaven's table. A higher plane than I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher. Amen. I want to scale the up close high and catch a gleam. Amen. I'm glory bright. But still I pray to heaven I found. Lord lead me on to higher. Yes. Amen. Hallelujah. And I set my faith on heaven's table than I have found. Lord, lift my feet on higher. My heart has no My heart has no desire to stay. where dance arise and praise his name the son may dwell. Amen. Lord my freedom. Amen. Amen. Lord lift me up and let me stand by faith on heaven save. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord that I have found. Lord, clap my feet on higher again. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on heaven's table, my higher plane. Amen. And I have found Lord back my feet on higher ground. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. The move is on. My Lord, the move is on. The move is on, my Lord. The move is on. The move is on, my Lord. The move is on. I can hear the rustle in the bar trees. And I know I know I know the move is Yes. Amen. Move on, brother. Move on, sister. This is the moving day. Move a little closer where the streams are flowing. Move on, brother. Move on. The move is on, my Lord. The move is on. The move is on, my Lord. The move is on. Praise the Lord. There were rustling in the mberry trees and I know I know I know the movies on. Praise the Lord. Move on brother. Move on sister. This is the moving day. Move a little closer where streams are flowing. Move on, brother. Amen. Sing it again. The move is on, my Lord. The move is on. Amen. Move is on, my Lord. The move is on. Amen. The Russle in the trees. And I know, I know, I know the movie is on. Amen. Move on brother. Move on. This is the moving day. Move a little closer where streets are flowing. Move on, brother. Move on. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. 12:25 All heaven declares. Praise the Lord. All heaven [Music] declares the glory of the risen Lord. Who can compare with the beauty of the Lord? Amen. Forever he will be. Amen. The lamb upon the throne. Hallelujah. I gladly bow my knee. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. And worship you alone. I will proclaim. Yes. Hallelujah. The glory of the risen lamb. who once was slain. You reconcile man to God forever. You will be the lamb upon the throne. Praise the Lord. I live my name and worship you alone. All heaven declare, Amen. the glory of the risen Lord. Who can compare with the beauty of the Lord forever. He will be. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. The lamb upon the throne. I gladly bow my name. Praise the Lord and worship you, Lord. And I will pro. Yes. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Glory on the risen lamb. man who once was to reconcile a man to God forever. You will be praise the Lord. The lamb upon the throne. Hallelujah. I gladly bow my knee and worship you alone forever. You will be. Praise the Lord. The lamb upon the throne. Hallelujah. I gladly bow my knee. Yes. Hallelujah. And worship you. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. He's worthy of our worship. Amen. Bless the Lord. Let's sing. Um, it's uh 1067. All I want to see is Jesus. Amen. Lord, I know the time is near when everything that I hold dear lay before the holy consuming fire. All my works and all my deeds. Every prayer said on my knees lay before the holy comes through me. Yes. Amen. All I want to see is Jesus. Amen. All I want to see is him in me. I want to see is Jesus shining through the hurt and selfinflicted pain and everything that I thought gave for the holy consuming fire. Words of knowledge in his name and healing hands that touch the lake lay before the holy consumeing fire. All I want to see is Jesus. All I want to see is him and me. All I want to see is Jesus shining to me. And hear him say hallelujah. Well done, my preious one. Well done. Well done, my faithful. Second verse. Let's sing that. hurt himself afflicted pain. Everything that I thought gave will lay before consuming. Words of knowledge in his name. Healing hands that touch the lay before the holy. Yes. Amen. All I want to see is Jesus. All I want to see is him in me. Yes, Lord. Amen. All I want to see Jesus. Oh, shine. And hear him say. And hear him say, "Well done, my precious." Amen. Well done. Hallelujah. Well done, my faith. All I want to see and all I want to see is Jesus. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus. shine through. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. That's what we all want, isn't it? To see let other people see that Christ does live in all of us by grace. Praise the Lord. Let's sing 94. I lift your name. Amen. Lord, my heart can grow so far away and yet for me your love. Amen. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. And the Lord I b my knees in all and fear of you. My head bowed down my reence to your name. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. I lift your name your name God. Hallelujah. Amen. How great. I am the lamb. My God for king. Lord, my heart's desire is to be filled with spirit and fire. Yes, Lord. My purpose is here. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Open up my soul. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Let's hallelujah. Let's stand. I lift your name. Your hole name God. Oh, bless the Lord. Hallelujah. The great I am, the lamb, my comforter. Hallelujah. Lord, my heart's desire is to be filled with spirit and fire. Oh, hallelujah. To worship you alone. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Open up my soul to worship and adore to be a praer to your soul. Yes. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Your name Jehovah God elim him. You're the great I am the lamb. My comforter and king. Amen. Praise the Lord. I want to welcome each one of you here tonight. It's good to see sister Becky with us and brother Barry as well. We always say when we invite the ministers, we want their wives to come as well because they just settle in and relax all of the more. So trusting you're a calming influence tonight and throughout the week, Sister Becky, but it's good to see each one here. And we want to welcome Brother Barry. I was just talking to him in the office there and he said it's 40 years he's been pastoring this year. 40 years. Now, Brother Bob told me last service that it'll be 45 years this year that he's been song leading. Now, I know the stress isn't the same, but I think if there's one thing we know, it means we have some older people amongst us now for 45 years. I've only been alive for 45 years. He got baptized two and a half months after I was born. So, I say, God bless you, Brother Barry. That that is an amazing thing. I know I'm teasing a bit about age, but you consider 40 years of serving in a ministry. It's a it's a tremendous thing to come through with your with your sanity, with your hair, with your health, and all these different things. Amen. Brother Gerald, I think, was 43 years. So, it's hard to imagine somebody that is just a few years behind that. But I say God bless you to brother Barry. Certainly appreciate him coming here. You know, Newfoundland's not exactly Newfoundland in March is hardly a premium location. It was even less of one in February. And uh I have to say I I wasn't surprised when they had to cancel because of the weather and the the events in Toronto with the plane crash and that and they just headed in the complete opposite direction and went to Arizona instead where it was warm and sunny. But he brought the sun back with us. I see today. And I'm just so thankful. We've been talking about doing this for two years, I think, for the very since we last since we originally started speaking of it and just getting it to where it would work out for all of us. But I'm very appreciative for them coming. So I I said I would take the service tonight. They landed in late last night and he said, "No, I'm willing to do it." I said, "If you're willing to do it, I'll let you take it." So I'm looking forward to just sitting back and hearing the word of the Lord tonight. Amen. So let's sing um that song. Be it unto me according to your word 10,08,08, sorry, 108. As brother Barry would come and let's just Amen. Let's pull on the word. Let's enjoy what the Lord has in store for us. Amen. Let's just sing this. Oh, be it unto me according to your word. According to your promises, I can stand secure. right upon my heart. The truth that sets me free according to your word, oh Lord. Be it unto me. [Music] to the glory to your word. Glory to your proises. I can stand your right upon my heart. The truth we according to your word. Praise the Lord. Am I on? God bless you. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. Good to see all your smiling faces tonight. And God bless you. It's always an honor to be here. And uh just want to say we appreciate coming and being here. Appreciate seeing my two favorite sisters in here and all of you that come tonight. God bless you. Uh let's take your Bible while you're standing here and let's let's do this because you've been standing here. Ezekiel chapter 45. Let's bring that bring that up here, boys. And uh there we go. And uh I'm going to follow this uh pretty closely here. So here we go. Ezekiel chapter 45. And uh I just like to add this to what brother John said about bringing your wife with you to when you travel. I we're I'm blessed, you know, because Sister Becky always doesn't get to come, but she's with us tonight and and I appreciate that. But she's the one who keeps me straight and keeps, you know, keeps me well behaved. So, it's for your benefit she's here and uh but we're we always delight in coming to New Foundland for sure. All right. Ezekiel chapter 45. We're going to read it verse 18. We're going to call this shalom in the home and subtitle it reconcile the house. Before we read the word, let's pray. Heavenly Father, we're so thankful, Lord, for this opportunity we have to be gathered in your house to meet with your people, Lord, and to read your word. And we believe this is your word and these are your people. And I pray you'd bring the two of them together. And Lord, may you just speak to hearts. And I know, Lord, the very best thing that I can do is just step back now and just let you have your way and have free course among us. And in order to do that, Lord, we first want to say, look at us through the blood of Jesus Christ that we might be forgiven of anything that might be contrary to the moving of the Holy Spirit. So have your way now we pray. Quicken the word to our hearts. We ask in Jesus lovely name we pray. Amen. And amen. All right. Ezekiel 45:18. Thus sayeth the Lord God, in the first month and the first day of the month, thou shalt take a young bulock without blemish, and cleanse the sanctuary. And the priest shalt take of the blood of the sin offering, and put it upon the posts of the house, and upon the four corners of the of the settle of the altar, and upon the posts of the gate of the inner court. And so shalt thou do the seventh day of the month for everyone that erth or everyone that sins, everyone that needs an offering for sin. And for them that is simple. For him that is simple. So shall you reconcile the house. May God add his blessing. You may be seated this morning this evening. Now um I just like to say this that uh 40 years is a long time but it doesn't seem that long. uh just seems like uh it's always been and ironically this is where it all began. Not in this church, but this is where it all began, right here in New Foundland. And here here we are back full circle again. And uh we've had lots and lots of interesting experiences for sure. And thankful that I'm still able to tie my own shoes after 40 years of pastoring and uh still able to sit upright and take a little nourishment. And that's good. And uh I think brother, you know, brother Brandon made a statement. He said, "There's nothing better that a person could be than a minister of the gospel." He said, "There's nothing better that you could be." And uh you know, if if you knew me back when, you would not have pegged me for a minister of the gospel if you'd known me beforehand. But God knew. Let me tell you something. I remember living on a little Greek island in the Mediterranean Sea. Um, and we were we were there in a uh in a journey, let's put it that way. And uh wound up in this on this island of Corfu and there was a little town in there called Aguia Galini and that's where that's where we were hanging out and I thought, wow, what this is a place I could live for the rest of my life. I could be here. It was so warm and nice and we picked oranges and olives to make a little bit bit of cash and that's how we lived. And this is before the message. Now I got to I got to qualify that. This was before the message in in my former days. And uh I was just traveling in the world looking for something real and and I remember being in that little town and I met a guy who was from California and he was a teacher of some sort and he and I got to talking and he said, "What are you doing here?" Because that's what you'd always ask when you found yourself in a weird place overseas uh without any obvious direction. And you'd say, "What are you doing here?" And I I asked him, "What are you doing here?" And he said, "We're just on a vacation." And I said, "Well, I'm I'm I guess to be honest, I'm in a I'm on a search. I'm looking for something real because I didn't know God back then. I didn't know anything about the message and I did I thought King James is just a king in England. And so I didn't know anything about the Bible or anything at all. And so u uh I I told him I was just looking for something true, something real. And he said, "You ought to take a certain aptitude test." And I said, "Really?" And he said, "Yeah, we give this in California all the time." And he said, "It's an aptitude test that'll tell you your strengths and weaknesses and tell you what you probably will be." And I said, "Well, yeah, I guess." And so I wrote down the name of the test. It was a specific kind of a test that I think is still in existence. And uh I I I came home a year later. I was gone on that journey a year later and wound up and I had this little piece of paper and in I had a little diary and I has and in the back of it was the name of this test. So I went to the University of Nefound here in town and I said, "I'd like to take an aptitude test. Can you arrange this for me?" because I was a student back then. And they said, "Sure, no problem." And they they ordered the test and brought it in. I took it and uh they sent off for the results a month later or something because back then we did everything by mail. Mail. Mail is a kind of a thing where you put words on paper and you lick it and put stamps on it and put it in the box and then it goes somewhere and it comes back for some of you young people that are here. And I got the results back and and uh I I looked at it and when I opened up the paper and looked at it, it said you're going to be one of two things in life. Number one was a ch was the uh the the uh president of the local chamber of commerce in your city. That's what you're going to be number one. And the second uh option for you is that you're going to be a minister. Yeah. All right. And I, you know, I mean, I'm I'm, you know, long-haired, hippie, all of that. And, you know, it didn't say priest. It said, "You're going to be a minister of the gospel." Well, I just took the paper and threw it away. And I thought, "What a waste. What a waste." But God knew. That was 1979. Early 1979, December 23rd, 1979, I was baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Began to minister a couple of years later, Brother Gerald had had everything to do with that because you remember, you guys will remember that when Brother Gerald left town one time, he said, "All right, you boys got it." We were the only three boys in church, right? So he said, "You guys got it." And Mark said, "I'm not going to do it." Bob said, "I'm not going to do it." That was my calling to preach the gospel. Brother Ggerald, it's all your fault. It's good to see Brother Gerald and Sister Betty. And uh so that's how it began. But you know, I' I've been uh we've had lots and lots of experiences, traveled all over the world. Somebody asked me the other day how many countries I've been to, and I said, I have absolutely no idea uh at all. and uh but it's been a pleasure to minister to God's people all over the world and meet so many people and uh minister in all kinds of different uh nations and with different languages and everything else. So, it it's been a blessing and uh you know, we still love to go and love to travel and and uh love to meet God's people. But I just wanted to uh do this tonight without without much further ado here. Uh, in my church, they put a great big clock in the back of the church, but you don't have one here. All right. One of the most successful, and by by successful, I mean uh mostly listened to series that I ever did was this thing called Shalom in the Home. And uh I came up with this uh title uh based on a a verse in Jeremiah, which I will read in just a second here. And uh I didn't realize that uh Shalom in the home was actually the name of a television program long before my time like before uh I I came in the message and I had no idea that that that's where it came from. And this fellow who was a counselor type uh an adviser counselor, personal counselor and he was a Jewish man lived in New York. And the way he counsel people is that if they a family came to him and said, "Hey, we're having problems with our teenagers. We're having problems with our marriage." He would actually go to their house and live in their house for a month. He got permission to live in their house for a month and he would analyze them. He'd just kind of hang around and he'd observe them and get to know them and and as he got to know them, he would figure out, ah, okay, that's where their weakness is. That's where their problem is. And I thought, wow, that's that's really quite a unique approach to counseling. So, I'm here to tell you that I'm going to be moving [Music] in. My first place is Grenful Avenue. No, not really. But uh I I thought this was this is quite an interesting way to do it. But he titled that Shalom in the Home. And he actually wrote a book called Shalom in the Home. And there was a a television series. But uh I I will show you where uh where this actually came from here. Um shalom in the shalom in the home is actually a Jewish proverb and it means domestic tranquility. It's the ultimate blessing. Now, in the common Jewish Bible, and I often read from the comm Jewish Bible, does this work? What? Pointed at the back. Ah, got it, Matt. God bless you, buddy. Thanks for coming up. First Peter chapter 5. Likewise, you younger men, this is the common Jewish Bible, of lesser rank and experience, being younger, be subject to your elders, or seek their counsel, and all of you clothe yourselves with humility toward one another. All of you. So, the younger men should be submissive or at least open to the counsel of the elders. for for all of you, he says, clothe yourselves with humility toward one another or and this is the way it's written in the in the in the common Jewish Bible, tie on the apron. The apron is a symbol of service, isn't it? And it's and it's one where somebody's willing to work. They're willing to get in. They're not just observing, but they're participating. You remember when brother Brandham had problems in his home? You remember that? His wife was about to lose her mind with all the stresses and so forth. You remember what he did? He went to the kitchen sink, took the apron and tied it on because he needed to come back to shalom in the home. There was not shalom in the home and he had to come back to that. For God is opposed to the proud. He resists the proud and he defeats them, but he gives grace to the humble. And so therefore, uh, this is this is found in the Old Testament and the New Testament as well. All right, here's the verse in Zechariah, wasn't Jeremiah chapter 8. So again have I thought in those days to do well unto Jerusalem and to the house of Judah, fear ye not. Now this is Zechariah telling the the Israelite people and they're in captivity now. They're in captivity. Zechariah is a fascinating book. It has to do with uh the Jews coming back from Israel and he talks about that. But the majority of the book was prophetic. It's about our time more than their time. And you can find lots and lots of really pertinent things in the book of Zechariah about the day we live in. You ought to give it a shot. You ought to go look at it and read it, especially the last part of it, and you'll find lots of things about the day that we're living in. So he says, "I have thought in those days to do well. I'm going to restore you. These are the things that you shall do when you go back home." Because there's they're away in Babylon. When you go back home, number one, speak ye every man truth to his neighbor. be honest. Number two, execute or govern the judgment of truth and peace in your gates. So, inside your home, the way I want you to govern or the way that I want you to run your household is with two things, truth and peace. So, you need to have shalom in your gates or shalom in your say it home. Shalom in your home. And so that's where this this idea came from. And let none of you imagine evil in your hearts against his neighbor and love no false oath. For all these things uh I hate sayeth the Lord. And so therefore uh this is what God told the children of Israel when you go back home. This is how I want you to live. How I want you to govern your house is do it this way. All right. So this series then became about how do we achieve shalom or peace in our gates. And that's what this is about. So this particular module here or this particular sermon is about reconciliation. All right. So we'll get to that. Just give me a little minute here to preamble. Brother Bam said in how can I overcome? He said remember you're living for God. You have one objective and that's Jesus Christ. That's first. Secondly you live for your family. Thirdly you live for yourself. Now that's counterculture. That's not how the culture views it, right? because everybody looks out for themselves and we are uh I mean we are in a sense a narcissistic kind of a culture. Uh we're we're very focused on ourselves and our happiness and our success and our possessions and everything else. And brother Bam's giving us a formula here for how you want to live successfully. He said but first God next your family next for you. He says you're number three. Put yourself last. He did. Now let me let me draw attention to fathers just for a minute here. And I do lots of things uh on fathers here. And uh we we we can talk a little bit uh uh just for a few minutes here about about the role of fathers. And this is really an interesting uh thing because fatherhood is an attribute of God. You you might think I don't you talk about anything else but families. Well, I do, but uh but I'm here and I I have to do what I'm told to do here. And so fathers, fatherhood is an attribute of of God. God has lots of attributes, right? Savior, healer, right? Counselor, judge, king, all of those things. But he's also a father. And in order to be a father, you have to have children. You can be a husband without being a father. But if you're a father, you have offspring. And so therefore, you have a certain responsibility when you're a father. Through wisdom is an house build, and by understanding it is established. And by knowledge shall the chambers be filled with all precious and pleasant riches. A wise man is strong. Yay, a man of knowledge increase strength. For by wise counsel thou shalt make thy war, and in the multitude of counselors there is safety. So uh Solomon here is addressing wise men. Wise men are strong. Again, we find in the common Jewish Bible, a wise warrior is strong. A wise warrior is strong and a man of knowledge makes his strength stronger. One of the reasons I'm here to talk about marriage is that no matter how good your marriage is, you can always make it a little goodter. Right? Marriage enrichment means that you can enrich something even more and you can make it better because none of us are perfect. Right? If you think you're perfect, look, look right or left to your spouse and then you'll know exactly what I'm talking about. A wise warrior is strong and a man of knowledge makes his strength stronger. For with guidance you wage war. You wage war very carefully. You don't want to just barge in. You want to you want to make you want to calculate things before you wage war. And with numerous advisors there is victory. So therefore uh for a wise man they're going to uh take a very steady aim when it comes to uh fighting battles. There's there are there are battles and there are choices and there are things you're going to have to deal with all of your life and you never seem to outgrow it. You never seem to outlive the responsibilities uh when it comes to making choices. They they will they will be with you for a long long time. Paul told Timothy in the message why to stir up the gift that was in him that came from his grandmother Lois. It's interesting. Here's the first church age messenger handing off to Timothy and he's telling Timothy, you pay attention to the gift that your grandmother had. Interesting, isn't it? Your life will impress your children and your influence and influence your children by the example you set before them. Your life has the potential to affect people around you. And I think it's a good thing that we put every effort we can before our children as godly effort uh godly parents to be an example. I think it's a good thing that we put every effort we can before our children as godly parents. Your attitude towards Christ, brother Brandham says, will make a great impression on what your children will be. Wow. Your life that you live before your family will make an impression on what your children will be. Hey folks, this is not Dr. Dobson here. This is a 20th century prophet to a 20th century people, right? And he's he's being repetitive here. Your attitude and your life that you live before your family will make an impression of what your children will be. Because in many ways, a father represents God to his children. And if his children, if a man's children come to him and say, "Dad, what does this mean? Leave me alone. I had a rough day at work. Don't talk to me." And every time they ask him a question, they respond that way. They're going to feel like, "Well, why should I go to God?" Because the Bible said that he would visit the iniquity of the parents upon the children to the third and fourth generation. So our attitude in our life that we live before our family. Whether you realize it or not, a husband and wife are ambassadors of marriage to their children. They are ambassadors. They are the ones who teach their children what marriage is really like. Because you know, we can all come to church and see married couples sitting here in the pew and everybody's nice. Nobody's hitting anyone, right? Nobody's saying, you know, sharp things to one another. Everybody looks nice and peaceful, well-dressed, coordinated, sitting relatively close. And, you know, you you sometimes you can look and say, "Wow, everything must be great. You don't need me here." But I will tell you that you really don't know how a family lives until you live with them. And children get to live with you. And they see a lot of things related to your marriage. And so therefore, you're you are an ambassador. You are a role model to your children. They're going to see how things really are. How does dad handle a situation like this? How does dad handle uh a job layoff? How do we uh solve a difference here when it comes to what vacation do we take and how do we uh you know, how do we handle a situation where you know, we've got to make a choice and we've got to come to a decision here. And the wife says, "Well, you know, I've said all I'm going to say, now it's up to you." So, you know, children are looking at that and they're wondering how, you know, how's this going to come out? And whether we like it or not, whether you're good at it or not, you're an ambassador for marriage to your children. So, it's important that we uh we strive to maintain a good attitude and and uh get things get things just right because here's the idea. Here's the principle that as parents we impart things to our children, right? By example, we we we impress them if you like. We impart certain things. This is uh a couple of places where we find this word impart. He answered and said said unto them, he that hath two coats, let him impart to him that hath none, and he that hath meat, let him do likewise. Or Paul said in Romans 1, I long for I long to see you that I may impart unto you some some spiritual gift. It is it is appropriate and it is a common principle in scripture to have the elder impart something to the younger children. And you'll find phrases in the Old Testament like uh where David writes in one of the Psalms. He says uh teach your children and your children's children the principles which be the oracles of God. And so the idea is that the elder who's been around longer and knows should know more. He passes on or the aged woman in Titus chapter 2, she is to teach the younger women. She's imparting something to the younger uh the younger generation. And that's important for us to realize that we have the responsibility to do that even if we're not good at it. That's why we need to learn. So the Bible tells us we can impart certain things. What can I impart? You might be sitting there and saying, "Well, I don't know very much myself. What can I impart?" Well, number one, you can impart godly values and priorities to your children. You can have an attitude in your house that says, "As for me and my house, we'll serve the Lord." And you know what? We're going to go to church. I have people in I' I've run into people over the years and they you know sometimes you look around say where's so and so and they say well they didn't come to church. Why didn't they come to church? Because somebody visited somebody visited their house. Hello. I I I always told our boys if somebody visits our house on Sunday morning uh they have a choice. You can come on with us to church or you can wait here till we get back. But as for me and my house we're going to go to church. Sorry, bud. We're not going to sit around here and take a big gulper and just, you know, small talk about the weather. I got church to go to. Now, when you say those kinds of things and when you actually practice those kinds of things, you are impressing your children. Oh, kids. Oh, wow. That's what that's how it works. We go to we put church first. Yeah. You know, you're all saying, "Amen." Because I know how you've been raised. Don't forget I was raised here too. But I will tell you this that there's a lot of people who don't know that, never heard that, and don't want to hear it. Number two, you you need to impart how to make good decisions. How how do we make good decisions? How do parents make good decisions? Well, I I demonstrated that a little last time when I was here. We we go we go back and and we have a basis for our decisions. our our our our basis or our authority is based on the Bible, based on the message and based on the leadership of the Holy Spirit and so forth. And so we pray about our decisions. We wait on God for the answers to our decisions. What can I impart also to my kids as the courage to stand alone because there are sometimes you're going to have to make a decision and you may be the only one that uh agrees with that decision, but you're going to stand there because it's the right thing to do or the right thing for your children. And you've got to be willing to stand alone to do that. Or uh the the uh the ability to impart uh the the opportunity to create a sense of security for your family because you should be as a as a father, you should be the one who stands between the world and your family, ready to protect, ready to defend your family. You should be the one who is able to deal with finances. Now you may not be the check writer, the bill payer, but yet you realize you are the one who has the last say when it comes to handling finances. Now look, the leading cause of divorce in our world is finances. And one of the reasons why now you you don't you wouldn't know what I'm talking about here, but medical issues, medical costs are the things that drive most family to bankruptcy in America. And that causes financial or marital stress. building family unity, hard work and responsibility. I listen, I I had one of my boys went off to work at one of the grocery stores and he was the iron donkey man. You know, he went out in the parking lot and got those shopping carts and brought them all back inside in the winter and everything else. And one day I was in he worked in the grocery store for several several couple of years. And uh one day I was in the grocery store and the manager was in there, Mr. Alman. He came over to me. He said, "Hey, Mr. Coffee, got a second." And I said, "Yeah." He said, do you have any more sons? And I said, "Yeah, do you want them?" I I got three more. I said, "They're all on the block, you know, if you want them." And uh he said, "Hey, as soon as your other sons get of age, send them to me cuz if they're anything like him, we want them to work." As he said, we can't get kids to work. We can't get kids to, you know, if they're supposed to be here at 9:00 in the morning, they'll call in and say, "I don't think I can be there before 11 because I have to renew my library card." And I, you know, he said, "They have no sense of responsibility." And he said, "We'll hire them Monday." And he said, "By Wednesday, they've quit because they You mean I have to work? You mean I have to actually do work?" And he said, "If you've got more kids and they're like this one, send them on. will hire because hard work and responsibility are something that parents need to teach their children. Here's a job. This is how you start. These are the tools you need. This is how this is how you do it. And let me know when you're completed. Everybody say that completed. And when we begin a job and complete the job, get paid for the job, we we we've simulated what real life is like. And it's important for parents to to practice that and to model that before their kids. I really like this statement by Spurgeon. Discernment is not knowing the difference between right and wrong. It's knowing the difference between right and almost right. Matthew 24. If any man shall say unto you, lo, here is Christ or there believe it not. For there shall arise false Christs, there shall arise false Christs and false prophets and show great signs and wonders in so much that if it were possible they shall deceive the very elect. If there's any time in history where we need to practice excellent discernment, it's now. You need to discern who your children's friends are, what activities they're a part of, what goes on in your house, what comes into your house. And now there's all kinds of ways for things to come into your house. And you have to be sure that you have uh you know, the right uh the right discernment here. And you need to teach your kids as well how to exercise excellent discernment because they're going to need it. and things are going to get more and more narrow and more close and more deceptive all the time. So, they need to have that, right? Things look good, not always good. And so, the kids need to be able to flag that because you kids grow up to a and come to a place where you're not going to be with your mom and dad and the pastor is not going to be there and nobody else is going to be there and you're going to have to make a choice and you're going to have to make good choices and some of those choices you're going to have to stand alone and that's tough like Daniel. All right. So, as a father then you got a job. Now, you say, "But brother Barry, I'm just a guy who sits in a pew. I don't even sing specials." That's all right. I never did. I've never sung a special in my life. But let me say this. I found this quote and I thought it was interesting. Perseverance. Little David, no doubt, raised in a lovely believing home. Stop. I thought, "Wow, if David was such a special person, Sister Marie, if if David was such a special person, I said I said don't be reading on." You were reading on. I saw you. If if David was such a special man and a man after God's own heart, who would God give David to to raise him? Huh? That's a good thought. And I I I then Jesse must have been some sort of a special guy because he's raising a man after God's own heart. He's the only one who's called a man after God's own heart. David, right? Now, watch what he says. Little David, no doubt raised in a lovely believing home. His father, Jesse, a great man of God. Stop. Does anybody know why you'd call Jesse a great man of God? Has he did he ever win any battles? Did he ever slay any giants? Was he ever a king? Do we hear about anything Jesse ever did after this? No. But yet, here's a prophet calling him a great man of God. That got my attention. That's why it's underlined. He says, "Jesse, a great man of God, no doubt gathered all the boys around at night and had family prayer before they went to bed." That's what made him a great man of God. He had devotions at night. Huh? Probably read the scrolls, talked about great Jehovah, how he opened up the Red Sea and the great prophet Moses and brought them out pillar of fire. And you know what that did? that created faith in the heart of David. So Jesse is called a great man of God because he had devotions at night. Huh? You thought he, you know, he's going to be a giant slayer or some sort of a warrior or a leader, a missionary. Nope. He held devotions at night with all of these boys. So he gets them around. All right, guys. Come on. Bedtime. Oh, dad, we don't want to go. All right, guys. It's bedtime. You got school tomorrow morning. Oh, Dad, give us one story. No, too late. Dad, give us one story. All right, just one. What do you want to hear? Moses crossing the Red Sea, Adam in the garden. What do you want to hear? Oh, tell us the story. Tell us the story about Joshua going around the walls. All right, everybody, grab your seat. So, Jesse, now you have to do this age appropriate, right? Like if you got if you got little ones, you don't put on future home and let have everybody listen to that for three and a half hours right before they go to bed, right? Starting in the beginning. Good evening, friends. Wait, we don't do that. So, what I did, I mean, I got up and acted it out because I'm a little graphic in my way and and uh I I with my boys, I got up and acted it out, you know, Goliath and and uh you know, you know, all of that. But here's Jesse, and he says, "All right, boys." He said, "There was a time when Joshua was crossing the Jordan River and went through the river and all the water stood still." And all you imagine little David, now David's the youngest, right? And David's a little guy. Wow. And nobody tells it like that. And and he's listening to that and he's thinking, "Wow, that's the Israelites are crossing the river. Wow." And and they go over and they march around the city and they got uh uh trumpets and they have uh you know, oh they they learn to shout and Jesse had all the boys shout. probably got them in a line and, you know, walk get in line, boys. And they walked around seven times around the bedroom or the living room and then they all shouted before they went to bed, right? You can imagine, hey, listen, you you you fill in what you want, but here's a prophet saying that Jesse was a great man of God. And David got to thinking on that. David got to thinking on that. My father read the scrolls. As here's David out tending the sheep, right? He's a young guy, not even shaven yet, and he's out he's out tending the sheep and a line comes up and he and he looks at this and he says, "My father read from the scrolls and told me that God God was a great God to deliver his people and I'm one of them and I have a right and I'm going after that sheep." And he grabbed his slingshot and brought that sheep back by killing the lion. He was persevering. He was persevering. And where did that come from? Where did where did David come up with that idea? He came up with that idea because as a young lad he was influenced by his father who was a great man of God. I'm only telling you what the tapes say training him once. That word is once he took his brother something to eat and there was a Goliath saying why don't Saul go out there and he got very perseverant and he took his slingshot and won the victory. The Bible says that when David went out on that field he ran out. He ran out. And the reason you run out on the field after a guy like uh like Goliath is because you have confidence. Listen, you have confidence that God means what he says and says what he means. Now, God never told David to go out there in that field. God never told David to go out and fight Goliath. But here's what God told David. You are going to be the next king. You are going to be the next king of Israel. And he took Samuel and anointed David and anointed him to be the next king. And David knew that if God said, "I'm going to be the next I'm going to be the next king of Israel, then if Goliath kills me on that field, God will have to raise me up because God's word cannot fail." And that's why he ran out there on the field because he knew that if God made a promise to him, it will come to pass exactly as God said. Where did he get that kind of faith at 15, 16 years old? It's because he had a father who had devotions at nighttime. You want to be a great man of God? Just saying. All right. In our house, we had a rule. The rule was there are three reasons that you get a spanking. Only three. And here's what they were. You kids, listen up. Number one was telling lies. And the and the reason is because Ephesians 4:25 says, "Wherefore put putting away lying." So if we caught our kids telling a lie, that was grounds for discipline. Number two, if they destroyed somebody's property. So in other words, if I take your bike and I uh, you know, jab it with a knife and and slash your tires, I'm destroying property. And in real life, I'm going to suffer consequences if I do that. So we trained our boys to not destroy somebody else's property. That was the second reason they got a spanking. And this is Psalm 119. David said, "I'll meditate in thy precepts and have respect unto thy ways." Respect. Respect is a very important thing. And when we teach our children respect, we're teaching them a great thing. And I will tell you this, parents, grandparents, if you teach your children any one thing and they only get one thing, teach them to respect the Bible. Because if they respect the Bible, God will bless them. Even if they disagree and they run away and do squirrely things, God will respect them if they respect the Bible. Number three, the third reason would be disrespect. Like things like, "No, I'm not going to do it." Or even if they don't say the words, but they roll their eyes. All right, guys. We got company coming. We need to clean the house. That's the only time really you clean the house thoroughly, right? Is when you have company coming. And if you're that's disrespect and you don't want to do that because the Bible says children obey your parents in all things. All the kids say all things. Nobody said it. All kids say this all things. Let's try it again. All things. Now, Brother Manam said, "Mother, if your child was out there in the street and them renegades were out there running through the street, that kid's going to get killed." He said, you would say, and and and you would say, "Well, darling, just go ahead and sit in the street. Guess that'll be all right. Whatever whatever you want to do, because I don't want to influence I don't want to affect your self-esteem." Brother Man said, "You wouldn't love your baby if you acted like that." real love would get out there, discipline that child, spank it until it got out of the street there. And he says, "Don't be angry with me." That's that's common sense would tell you that, right? Common sense would tell you. So, Brother Ram says, "If you if you really love your child, you're going to exercise appropriate discipline." And I need to say appropriate discipline because some people need to understand that discipline should always be appropriate and it should be age appropriate. And we could have more discussion about that, but but it should be appropriate for sure because discipline is not abuse. Right now, Brother Brandham says again, 1955, well, I'll ming I'll ming it a little bit. You say, well, I'll mingle mingle around in the world a little bit with my buddies and I'll I'll, you know, dance over the line and dance back. God will give you a real old-fashioned spanking for that. And if we had more of that in the natural today, we'd have better children. God wants Don't assume. Don't assume because your kids come to this church, they're going to turn out okay. Don't assume that uh because they know the message and they know who brother Brandon was that they're going to turn out okay. They're not because we're all born in sin, shaped in iniquity, come to the world speaking lies. Brother Brandham said, "My father used to give me whipping. I respect every whipping he ever gave me and I never uh he said I never even got as many as I needed and though he didn't do right himself yet he wanted me to do right. So it it is it is a discipline is very much a part of uh the fatherhood of God appropriate discipline because God never god never abuses when he disciplines. Matter of fact, I could say this that whenever God has corrected me, I've loved him more after it than before. And that's the way discipline should be. Okay? So, your children should never fear their parents. They should never fear their parents. All right? Let me give you an example. I found this. I thought it'd be good for me to read to you here. Once upon a time, this is a little story. It's only two screens long. Once upon a time, there was a family of wayward church members who had once been active but lost all interest and had fallen away. There was a father and three sons, Jim, John, and Sam. The elders had talked to them about their lost condition. The preacher visited many brethren talked to them about their lost condition and tried to get them to come back to church. But all this didn't do the least bit of good. One day when all the boys were out in the pasture a large rattlesnake bit John and he became critically ill. The doctor was called and after examination he pronounced John to be in a very critical condition and said he about all we can do now is pray. The father called a preacher told him of John's condition and he asked the preacher to pray for John's recovery. And this was his prayer. Oh wise and righteous father, we thank thee for thou and thy wisdom has sent this rattlesnake to bit bite John. And in order to bring him to his senses in order to bring him to his senses, he has not been inside the church for years. And it is doubtful that he has in all this time felt the need for prayer. But now we trust that this will be a valuable lesson to him and that it will lead him to genuine repentance. And now, Father, wilt thou send another snake to bite Sam, and another one to bite Jim, and another big one to bite the old man? And we, this is the prayer, but we have all, we have all been doing everything we know for years to try to restore them, but to no avail. And it seems like all of our combined efforts could not do what this snake has done. We conclude that the only thing left that will do this family any good is rattlesnakes. So Lord, send us bigger and better rattlesnakes. In the name of Jesus, we pray. I I say that because God's not afraid to use circumstances to get your attention. He's not afraid to use the circumstances of life around you to make you think uh differently about your situation. But how about when things go wrong and and they go they go they turn out in a way that you didn't expect? How about when that happens? Well, we need to think about this subject of reconciliation. Now, maybe you have um I you know your your family situation here. Uh people you know, even people you work with, people you once were close to and are now not close to. How do we reconcile things together? Now, I'll have to go quickly here, but let's deal with this subject of rec reconciliation. In Proverbs chapter 18, Solomon says, "The spirit of a man will sustain his infirmity. But a wounded spirit, who can bear?" Very often, very often, differences come because somebody's spirit got wounded. It it it's like a splinter in your hand. When you get a splinter and you do woodworking and you get a splinter, the splinter is fairly insignificant and it's really small and it really doesn't matter too much in the first couple of days, but leave it there and after a while you start to notice it. And then leave it there a little bit longer and you really start to notice it. And after a while, you're probably going to need some professional help to get that splinter out. That's like a wounded spirit. It it's somebody who there might be I don't know things can be said even in the pulpit. Things can be said you know in family circles and and things can be said they might not seem to you like much but it can be like a little splinter to somebody that it just fers and grows. But people do get offended. We get offended. Our spirit gets offended and we begin to draw back. How do we reconcile that? How do we deal with that? Well, let's look at what reconciliation is. All right. Reconc For it pleased the father. Colossians chapter 1. That in him should all fullness dwell. And having and having made peace through the blood of his cross by him to reconcile all things unto himself. And that word reconcile there in the Greek it means to bring back to a former state of harmony. So this is someone that you had harmony with at some point but but it's been broken. And when we say reconcile, like the Bible talks about, we're talking about bringing two people back together kind of like they were in a former state or in a former way. Now, we we may not be best of buddies, but we're at least we're not the best enemies. Okay? So, we're we're we're bringing this back towards more of what we call harmony. And Paul goes on to say, "By him, I say, whether they be things in earth or things in heaven, and you that were sometime alienated and enemies in your mind by wicked works, yet now hath he reconciled." So Jesus actually worked hard to reconcile people who were enemies. And they were people who were alienated from the family of God. And he died. He paid a great price. He shed his blood on the cross. It says, "In order to bring things back into a state of harmony." Aren't you glad he did you? Come on, folks. All of you are are the result of God's effort to reconcile. You wouldn't be you wouldn't be able to call him father. You wouldn't be able to call him bridegroom. You wouldn't be able to call him lord had he not reconciled you on the cross and paid the price. And so, your harmony with God is a result of what Jesus did in this whole process of reconciliation. Now we find in Psalm 119, teach me good judgment and knowledge, for I have believed thy commandments, and before I was afflicted, I went astray, but now I have kept thy word. So now I'm I'm back now, Lord, and I'm I'm sensitive to your word, and thou art good and do us good, and teach me thy statutes. David said, I want to know. Now, David knew what it was like to fall out of harmony with God. Right. Right. David knew what it was like to fall out of harmony with God. But God through his mercy forgives David. Now David's attitude is like, "Lord, you're good." Not me, but you're good. Teach me thy way. Show me so that I never fall into that position again. Whatever it takes, I want to know. The proud have forged a lie against me, but I will keep thy precepts with my whole heart. And and that's what uh that's what David that's the place David had to come to. And I'll guarantee you reconciliation happens a lot faster when people humble themselves and they come back off their high position. I'm right. No. Well, you know what? Sometimes we both need to go to the cross. Sometimes we both need to say, "Look, I I did that the other day to one of my sons and they said something to me and I I ever hear Uncle Mark do that and I reacted that way and then he apologized right away and I said, "Hey, I overreacted. Sorry." And and we got it back because you know what? I know enough to know, been around the block long enough to know that you could easily offend somebody or wound somebody's spirit by reacting the wrong way. And I I never we never want to have that. So I I I immediately call them up on the phone and we got we got it worked out. Bang. We moved on. Because let me tell you, the devil is is is quick to find little spots like that and get in there. He absolutely will. And this is what this means. This is not lofty spiritual things very often. These are like day-to-day things that you run into in your household and in your life. Brother Brham says, "Come back to a land. Come back to be gentle. Come back now to know nothing. Come back to just submit yourself to Christ and don't try to know nothing." You remember brother Brandham, you know, in that remember that uh if incident that he has when the when the girl drowns, remember that? and uh you know she she she uh she's revived and then she lives three more years and then she goes to the hospital and she tells her mother, "Mother, I'm going home." And she says, "Yeah, I know. The doctor's going to release you." And she said, "No, no, I'm going home." And 24 hours later, she's dead. And brother Brandham, Brother Brandham knows this case, knows the family, and goes to God and says, "You owe me an explanation." I'll give you a little piece of advice. Don't ever go to God and tell God that he he owes you anything. That's not a good thing to do. And brother Brandham said, God, let him sit there a long time. This is a prophet. Let him sit there a long time. Until Brother Brandham realized, I I I would never do that again. He says, just walk me, humbly, quietly, gently, and the dove will lead you. Whenever you go to listening to gossip, get that temper up and so forth, you ever go to thinking that you got a right to do this and that, the dove will just take its flight and go another way. So therefore you have to be diligent. You have to look diligently lest any man fail of the grace of God and lest any root or bitterness spring up trouble you and thereby many be defiled. Some people stay away because they have a root of bitterness. Some people stay away because they have a root of bitterness and that root has grown up between people and it prevents them from having any kind of harmony. But everybody has to respond to hurt. And we either forgive somebody who says something or we overlook what somebody says or we realize that what they said was actually not wrong in the first place. And sometimes the truth hurts. So the Bible says in Proverbs 19, the discretion of a man defers his anchor anger. And the word discretion, it means in the Hebrew to delay. And it means the the good sense or the good wisdom that a man has sometimes is just to delay his delay his anger. So there are times when you feel like lashing out and responding in anger. And that's always not the best approach. If your child's in the middle of the street, that's one thing. But in a conversation there are sometimes you need to step back and think about that. And he goes on to say, "And it is his glory to pass over a transgression." Look, husbands and wives sometimes, you know, they get into a conversation and all of a sudden the temperature goes up and the volume goes up and and sometimes the discretion or the wisdom of a man says, "I'll talk to you about that later." not here at the dinner table with all the family here. But I'll just we'll we'll talk about that later. And sometimes that's the wisdom that we need to have because there's a time and a place to discuss everything. Now again, now these are not lofty spiritual things. More these are more of the practical day-to-day things that we go through and it's important for us to uh keep that in mind. Now David or sorry, Matthew says, "Ye have heard that it was said by them of old time, thou shalt not kill, and whosoever shall kill." Who and whosoever shall kill be in danger of the judgment. But I say unto you, now look, pause for a second and just remember that in Matthew chapter 5, Jesus uses two examples here of explaining Old Testament law. Now, Old Testament law was divided into three categories. Okay? The moral law, thou shalt not kill, thou shalt not commit adultery. That's the moral law. All the commandments can fit into one of these three categories. First one is the moral law. Second one is the dietary laws. So, thou shalt thou shalt not eat this, thou shalt not eat that and uh swine and so forth, you know, you you you don't eat that. And those moral those sorry those dietary laws were done away with at Calvary. And the other category of law is ceremonial law. When thou gather us together, the high priest shall wear this, sprinkle this, he shall bring this, he shall burn this. Those are all ceremonial laws. Those two were done away with in Calvary at Calvary. So we don't bring turtle doves to church anymore and kill them. And we don't, you know, bring heers and kill them anymore. But the moral law still exists. Right? Moral law still very much in in place now. Jesus in Matthew chapter 5, he comes along and he says that there's two I'll give you two examples of the moral law. And the first one here is anger. And he says, you have heard it said by them of old time. Thou shalt not kill. And by the way, if that was true in the English sense that we understand, no one, no Christian would ever be a soldier. But the Hebrew word on the in the on Mount Zion back there was, "Thou shalt not murder." Thou shalt not murder. And whosoever shall murder shall be in danger of the judgment. But I say unto you that whoever is angry with his brother without a cause shall be in danger of th of the judgment. And whosoever shall say to his brother, "Raqa," shall be in danger of the council. But whosoever shall say, "Thou fool," shall be in danger of hellfire. So Jesus takes the moral law about murder or killing and magnifies it to go beyond just the physical act of murder, but now he's talking about anger. Huh? Therefore, therefore, by the way, the other example he gives is lust. He says, you've heard it say that whosoever shall uh commit adultery, he shall also be in danger of judgment, so forth. But I say unto you, whosoever lookth upon a woman that lust after her. Right? In Matthew 5, those are the two examples, lust or or uh um adultery and anger. But now watch what he says in verse 23. Therefore, if thou, this this is how important this is. Therefore, if thou bring thy gift to the altar and their remembrance that thy brother has ought against thee. If you got an angry situation that exists between you and your brother or you and your sister, leave there thy gift and go thy way first. Be reconciled to thy brother and then come and offer thy gift. Listen. Reconciliation is above worship because you stop the worship and the offering of sacrifices and the giving of gifts. You stop that in order to reconcile first. Leave your gift at the altar. Just stop for a second. Go make that right. Now come back and offer the worship. This is kind of important, folks. And Jesus has got his big highlighter out there and he's highlighting this for us because he wants us to understand that reconciliation is an important thing because your worship means less to God when there's unreconciled situations that exist between husband and wife or brother and brother. Hello. So then offer that gift. Worship is still important but reconciliation is more important to God than worship is. Wow. I'm only telling you what the tapes say. Questions and answers. Questions and answers. The Bible says, this is what they ask brother Brandon, that everything works for the good to them that love the Lord. And if you love God and turn back to the world, will God let you die in your sins? or would he let you be reconciled back to him before he takes you away? Whoa. That is what we call a good question. That's why I have the asterisk up there in the first in front of the queue. My church knows that when there's an asterisk there, everybody kind of goes, now watch this. The Bible says that everything works together for good to them that love the Lord. Then if you love God and turn back to the world, would God let you die in your sin or would he let you be reconciled before he takes you away? Are you going to die in that unreconciled condition? Now, if you've got loved ones who you know that are not reconciled with God, listen to Brother Ram's answer because this is interesting. That's a really good question. Brother Brandham says, "Now, temporarily, every one of us backslide many times a day. We're all guilty." That's true. Remember, we're still human beings. But if you make a mistake and you don't willfully, but if you're a born again Christian, you don't mean to do wrong. Your intentions are right. But if you do make a mistake, will God let you just go on and die like that and be lost? Or will he bring you back to reconciliation? He will bring you back. that is worth coming to church for on a Wednesday night, he will the promise is he will bring you back. Wow. I would suggest to you if you have loved ones who they may they may have encountered the message they may what I don't where whatever whatever situation they're in. Look, you're not God and you're not their savior and you're not responsible for what goes on in their heart. But I would say, Lord, if if it's if it's possible, bring them back before they leave this earth so they might be reconciled at least into some sort of harmony with you. Because I'd rather be in harmony here before I leave than try to go and plead my case before God in the judgment. Wow, that's important. I I for my children, I' I'd want to apply that for people that I know. Uh and you know, for one reason or another, they might have started out well and then something happened or they were offended or something else. I' I'd rather I'd rather believe that somehow or another God's going to bring them back. Now, watch what he goes on to say. Same one. And if you do anything wrong and it don't condemn you and you go on like that, but remember you weren't saved at the beginning. If you can carry on like that, you weren't saved in the beginning. You just had to make believe. But when you're saved, you have a different spirit, different nature, new creature. Old things are passed away, dead and buried in the sea of his forgetfulness. But being living here in this world, there's traps set for you everywhere. And you're walking with your eyes on Christ. Remember, when you make a mistake, a real Christian always comes back for reconciliation. This applies to every one of us. Every one of us. Because we make mistakes. And there are things. Listen, I have prayed many, many times in my life. Lord, don't look at my conduct. Look at my heart. Because I don't want to make those kinds of mistakes. I I detest that kind of a mistake. I detest that kind of uh you know part of my personality. Lord, look at my heart. I want to be right. I want to I want to overcome this. I want to get beyond this. Lord, whatever it takes and and if this is what it is that keeps me on my knees and whatever, Lord, use it somehow. But I don't want to go in I don't want to go into eternity with that. And Lord, help me to overcome that. Look at my heart, not my conduct. Because we're all human. So you want to make reconciliation the goal and and this again is Matthew 18 and Jesus talks about it again. If thy brother shall trespass against thee, go and tell him his fault between him and thee alone. And if he shall hear thee, thou has gained thy brother. This is the thing to do when there's a situation where there is something out of harmony. Look, someone's got to go. Someone's got to make the first step. Somebody's got to say, "Look, we got to get this right because we're not going to go into eternity this way." So, whatever it takes. Now, hold on before it gets too late here. Brother Brandham often often said this. He often described things this way and he was talking about prayer cloths and he said, "A little German woman uh confessed all of her faults." Now, the point brother Brand was making here is that in the first part on the top of the screen there, when you know that you can do something, when you know that you've got permission or you've got the go-ahehead to do something, do it and don't put it off. I'll pray about it and I'll wait till God speaks to me in a dream. Don't do that. Do it quickly. And he says, "This little German woman confessed all of her faults. And there's one thing you got to do is make things right with God because the affliction might be on you for that purpose is to bring you to God." I mean, God's ways are above our ways, right? His ways are not our ways. They're above our ways. And and she's been crippled with arthritis for 20 years. And said, "All right, old man, devil. The he said, she said, "The works is done. So get away. Here I come." And she got up and walked out of the wheelchair. Just that simple. And that's the way we've got to believe it in that manner. In that manner. Just as simple as we can be. When God tells you to do something, act on it. Don't don't wait for uh you know uh approval or whatever else. If God's acting telling you to do something, act on it quickly and go do it. And and I believe that God will honor that. Now look, these are things that won't take place in heaven. You won't have to do this in heaven. This is stuff you do here before you get there. And and even to the point where Paul makes this very clear, God has reconciled us to himself by Christ and has given who? Us. God's given us the ministry of reconciliation. God's not given that to St. Peter at the gate. He's given that to us. And so therefore, we have the responsibility when we have an opportunity to reconcile or even I could say even when we have an opportunity to attempt to reconcile, you should do it because God's given you the responsibility to do it. In other words, nobody else is going to come. I mean, the government's not going to come. Nobody else in the church is probably going to come and and do that unless somehow they felt led. But if if you've got off between your brother, uh you know, Jesus doesn't say, "Hey, go pick five brothers in the church and go to that person first." He says, "You go to that person first." Now, if they don't hear you, he says, "Then you can take a couple back, you know, if there's an offense in the church and so on." And that's a rare thing, but it it does happen. But what he what he's telling us is that the ministry of reconciliation, everybody go like this. Take your finger and go like this. Everybody, if you everybody does it, nobody gets embarrassed and go like this. God's given us the ministry of reconciliation. So, I'm not waiting for someone else to come to me. I'm right. They need to come to me and apologize. Oh, hang on now. That may be how you feel. But that's not what the Bible says. The Bible says you leave your gift there. You leave your message books there and you go over and see what you can do. Now, you may not be able to, but you're going to at least attempt to reconcile with a sincere heart. The ministry of reconciliation is in the church because we're in the church. Again, brother Brandham says Abraham's out there telling a little white lie. This the kind of thing you put in brackets, but the little white ones are big black ones. Oh, that's my sister. He said to Aimilec. But God said, no matter who he was, no matter what Abraham did, he's my prophet, and I have given him the promise, called him by election, and I will deal with Abraham for that. But he's mine. You take his wife back or everything you got's going to die. You know what I'm talking about, right? He's going to take Sarah and he's he's got the clearance because Abraham lied and said that's my sister. Well, he was halfright because it was a half sister, right? So, he didn't want to lose his head. God knows the heart. And so, he goes to Aimilec because Aimilec, even though he's not a Jew and there's no such thing as a Christian back then, he's got a respect for the moral boundaries of the law. and he doesn't want to get found committing adultery back in that day. So, he's got clearance and brother Ram said he's brushing his teeth ready to, you know, ready to take this ready for the wedding. And God says to him, "Touch her and you're a dead man." Matter of fact, you give that woman back to Abraham because that's his wife. But, but, but I know what you're going to say, but you give back that woman back to Abraham and send him on his way and loan him one of your Cadillacs to get him back up there and fill it up with gas. them, by the way, write him a check and give him an offering. Now, that's my version of the Bible, but you can find that. And he says, you give him an offering and send him on his way and say, "God bless you. I'll deal with Abraham, but I'm I'm I'm actually saving your hide, Aimilec, but if you don't make this right, buddy, everything in your country is going to break out into something you don't want." And Brother Brandham said, he rose from there, grabbed that woman, and away he went. he's going to make things right, some restitution. So, he didn't wait and, you know, consult his gods or ask the wise men in the kingdom. He didn't do that. He knew he'd heard from God. Off he goes and he takes Sarah back to Abraham. Now, you in the prayer line, Brother said, "There's any unconfessed sin in your life, be aware it'll be worse than it'll be worse than ever if you come up here to be prayed for with unconfessed sin in your life." So sometimes you need to be reconciled to God, right? You need to be reconciled to one another or you need to be reconciled to God. You make things right. And if that's in your life, step out of the line. Listen to this. Step out of the line. Make that right. Come back in the line. What's more important? Reconciliation or healing of some fatal disease. I don't know. Maybe they got cancer. Maybe they got something that's serious wrong with them. Brother Bam says, "Hey, you want to get healed? Here's how you do it. You got unconfessed sin? Leave the healing right here at the altar. Go make it right and then come back and see what God does. That's the priority that God puts on reconciliation. How will the world know that you love love Jesus? When we love one another. God sees your faith and the world sees your action. Therefore, we should love one another. Hallelujah. I'm going to skip. You can have all of these uh all you can have all of these uh powerpoints when I'm done. Brother Brandham says in the message blind barnameus Jesus was walking on. He was walking on and the priests were screaming at him and making fun and others were saying uh hosana blessed be the uh blessed be the king who comes in the name of the Lord and so forth. And he's well coming into Jerusalem on a donkey, right? He's coming into Jerusalem on the donkey and people are yelling things at him and they're they're scoffing him and so forth. Other people are calling out hosana. But the whole burden of the world rested upon him and Calvary laid before him as he went, but he never noticed their scoffing. Listen, you know, when someone says something evil about you and you want to take it up and get angry about, I'll get even with him, that shows you haven't quite went deep enough with God yet. Now, for some of us, we had to really keep that whole thing under in prayer. We got to stay under it. Like Paul says, I I get under my body, keep it into subjection. And there are attributes that we all have that you've got to keep you got to get under that. You got to keep it in subjection because if you don't, it'll get away on you real quick because you know what? Hey, your body is not born again. Hello. It's still got all those old habits and all those old quirks. I was telling my wife the other day, Bob, hold out your hand. I was telling my wife the other day, let's see the other one. Huh? That's only because your wife told you to wash it. I got I got arthritis just like mom, you know, and and uh when mom pointed at you, she'd be pointing right at you like that and she'd be pointing that way, right? Because her fingers were all bent. Mine mine are getting like that, Sister Marine. And I noticed it's getting worse on this one over here. So now when I point at you, it's like I'm getting her down there. Yeah, there are natural things that you inherit. There are natural things that you inherit just because that's a natural succession in life. and you uh you you know you uh you there's natural things that that you pick up and you carry through life here. And brother Bram says with with your anger, he says when when somebody does that to you and triggers that he says you haven't quite went deep enough with God yet. And he said that's what made Jesus God to me. He had a work to do and that was to fulfill what God sent him to do. And he didn't care what anybody else said. So that's a victory when when somebody can, you know, people can be offensive and he doesn't take the offense. He lets it go. He lets it go. Now, let me let me I'll I'll stop. Let me tell you a little story. And some some of you from Arizona might know the background of Carl Williams, who was a friend of brother Green. And Carl Williams was u was a member of the full gospel businessman's association that was instrumental in in uh having venues that allowed brother Brandon to minister. Some of the best sermons we have of brother Brandham were preached at full gospel businessman's meetings and uh the treasurer of the full gospel businessman's association was Carl Williams. Carl was a big loud Texan. They say when he walked, he walked with a three-foot stride every step, three feet. And uh loud, big, wealthy, oil driller, successful, but he had a recurring infection in his nose. It was an odd thing, but he had an operation to fix that. And in that operation something was a nerve was affected and he became almost totally paralyzed and his stride was reduced from 3 feet to 6 in and he shuffled for most of the rest of his life and arthritis set in in a big way. And Carl Williams wife went to all of brother Bram's meetings. She was a faithful follower of brother Brandham and she went regularly. And so she said to Carl, "You should come to Brother Brandham's meetings and be prayed for." And when he went to the meeting, Brother Brandham made this statement. This is verbatim. If you believe, every one of you can be healed. If you believe, every one of you can be healed. Brother Carl Williams in that condition, he went to brother Brandham and he said to brother Brandham one day, he said, "You prayed for me and I believe, but I'm not healed." And he said, "I don't understand that." But in the time when Carl Williams was crippled like that, instead of working in the oil business, he worked as a treasure for the Full Gospel Businessman full-time and he traveled with Brother Brandham somewhat and he held the door open at the Full Gospel Businessman for 154 sermons of Brother Brandon to be preached in that venue. In 1963, Brother Carl was healed of that condition like normal. And when he did, he went right back into the oil business. Gave up his position, full gospel, went right back into the oil business, started making all kinds of money again. 1964, he has a relapse and he comes back crippled again. And he says to brother Brandham, "I don't understand. I don't understand at all." Brother Ram doesn't answer him. One day, Carl Williams is sitting in his pickup truck in the parking lot of the of the uh church out in Arizona where brother where brother Green has uh set up the church out there. He's sitting in the parking lot by himself. Brother Bram drives in the parking lot, rolls up his vehicle next to brother Williams and rolls down the window. He says, "Carl," he says, "I want to tell you a story." He says there was a a story that was told he said back in the days of Rome when the Roman army had won a great battle had won a great victory and normally what happened then was all the people uh passed through the streets and the soldiers passed through the streets and all the people on the sidelines would applaud the soldiers and throw flowers at them and so forth and it was a big fanfare and uh Caesar would lead the army or the generals would lead the army and they would go through the streets like that and everybody applauded and hollered at the soldiers as they went by. And Caesar one day looked as he was going through the streets of Rome and he looked over and there was an old man who was crippled. He was sitting on the ground and Caesar says, "Why don't you stand when we pass by?" And the old man says, "Sir, I cannot I cannot use my legs." What happened to them? He says, "They got injured in a war." What war? He says, "A war that I fought on your behalf on behalf of Rome." He said, 'You mean you were injured in the in one of the battles for Rome?' And he said, 'Yes, sir, I was. I cannot stand. If I could, I would. And he said to a couple of soldiers near him, he said, "Take that man, pick him up, and put him in my chariot, and he'll ride with me the rest of the way." And brother Brandham looked at Carl Williams and he said, "Carl," he said, "when you were crippled, you did great things for the kingdom and for my ministry, but when you were healed, you went right back out in the business again." So he said, "God wants you to work for the kingdom for the rest of your life." He said, "So, Carl, you're meant to ride with me in my chariot for the rest of your days." And he said, "Carl just bowed his head and wept." Brother Carl Williams was never healed of that condition. After brother Brandham died, brother Perry Green took Carl Williams all over the world and they testified about Brother Ram's ministry and told the me the story of this message uh all in in countless numbers of countries. And there's many people in foreign lands today who believe this message because of the testimony of Carl Williams. Brother Anne said, "God caused you to come back and serve him." Let me just simply say this. We don't always understand God's ways. We don't always understand how God does things. But I do know this that if there are things that I can reconcile in my life, I should I should act on it because that's the only way I'm going to get shalom in my home. And sometimes that's the only way I'm going to get shalom in my home. Because your home is not necessarily just a place you eat and sleep. This is also your home, right? But there are things that God will do in order to keep you close to him that we may not understand. But the worst thing you want to do is to have a root of bitterness in your heart because things don't work out the way you think they should. Remember, God's in control. We're not in control. And God wants you to be reconciled to him. God wants you to be in the right place doing the right thing in his perfect will. That's exactly what God wants you to be doing. Let's stand and repeat our feet. David said in Psalm 147, "Praise ye the Lord, for it is good to sing praises unto our God, and it is pleasant and and praises comely. The Lord doth build up Jerusalem, and he gathered together the outcast of Israel." Look at what verse three says. He health the broken in heart, and bindeth up their wounds. God knows exactly what you're going through. He knows exactly the stress that you've been under. But he's a healer of broken hearts. He tellth the stars and he calls them all by name. God knows exactly how to bring this around. Bring it right so that you won't have to try to reconcile in glory some time somewhere up there. God wants you to do it here. Want you to do it the right way. He wants you to make it a priority. Leave things at the altar. Go make it right. come back and continue to worship God. But remember this, you might be sitting there tonight with a broken heart. You might be thinking, "Well, it'll never happen. It'll never happen." God knows exactly what's going on in your heart. He He numbers the stars. He knows them all by their name. What you've got to do is put your trust in him and say, "Lord, if if that's your will, then Lord, I'm asking for you to open up a way. Show me show me what I need to do. Help me to act. Help me to have the courage to act. Help me to have the will to forgive because the goal is shalom in the home. Let's pray. Sister Marine, if you'd play softly there. Let's pray together. Heavenly Father, we're so thankful, Lord, for this opportunity we had to be able to study your word. And as long as we human beings are on this earth, there going to be differences. There could only be things, Lord, that ways that we rub against one another, husbands and wives, brothers and sisters, co-workers, neighbors. There are things that happen, Lord, that we didn't plan. We didn't want it to be that way. But there are situations that exist that, oh, if we could, we'd we'd never let that happen again. But in some ways, we need to make these things right. And I'm asking Lord that in order for us to have shalom in the home, in our hearts, in our minds, that Lord, we would we would just be sensitive to your leading to act when we should speak with the right voice, be forgiving in our spirits, and to learn to let things So I pray you'd have your way, Lord. Have your way. And help us to know exactly when we should leave our gift at the altar and go and make things right. It's like you would have us to do it. Help us, Lord, right where we are. We need you. And we pray and ask these things in Jesus name and for your glory. Amen. And amen. Let's sing that song you're playing there. Do you know what that is? [Music] is my name and you will know that Sing that again now. Freely you have received all your freely and my name and you will know that I sing it again. Hallelujah. Oh [Music] fre you have receive freely free. Amen. in my name and you will know that I Amen. Praise the Lord. Trust you enjoyed the word tonight. There's a lot of food for thought there and it was all truth. I thank the Lord for the Thank the Lord for the word tonight. I will serve thee because I love thee. I don't have any numbers tonight, so I'm just going to tell you what the the title is. I will serve thee because I love thee. You have life. Hallelujah. To me. I was Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. You have gi life to me. Amen. Praise the Lord. broken peace through life. You died on Cal is what I You have. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. I will serve thee. I will serve thee because I love thee. You have given life to me. Amen. Praise the Lord. You found me. You to me. Hallelujah. And broken pie. You died on Calary. Hallelujah. You have to heartaches, broken pieces. Hallelujah. heart and broken through. Amen. Praise the Lord. Your love is what I you have to create in me a clean heart. I think that one's 150. Create in me a clean. [Music] Hallelujah. And renew a right spirit within me. Yes. Amen. create me a heart. Amen. Praise the Lord. And renew a God spit within me. Amen. Praise the Lord. Bless we not away from thy presence. Hallelujah. Amen. Take not thy Holy Spirit from me. Amen. Hallelujah. Restore unto me the joy of my salvation. Renew a right spirit within me. Create in me a great heart. Hallelujah. Create me a clean Oh God. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. And renew a right spirit within me. Hallelujah. Create me a clean heart. Oh God. Amen. Yes, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. New arriving spirit within me. Amen. Yes, Lord. Amen. we not away from thy presence, oh Lord. Hallelujah. Take out thy holy spirit from me. Amen. Restore unto me. Yes, Lord. The joy of thy salvation will arise within. Cast away. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Lord. Amen. Pass me down away from thy [Music] pres. Hallelujah. Take not thy holy spirit from me. Amen. Praise the Lord. Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation and renew the right spirit within me. Amen. And we could sing that one always as a prayer. Praise the Lord. Let's say 11:37. It's um I was just crossing my mind about this song is that uh when Jesus came into that home, shalom was brought into that home. Amen. Let's just sing this uh before we finish up tonight. [Music] A little girl was lying there. The people all were weeping. They just laughed at Jesus when he said, "She's only sleeping." As he took her by the hand, she began to live again. Some began to praise the Lord. And some began to say, "He's in the house. Death has to flee." Now there is light where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the We were like that little girl dead in all our sins. Jesus touched his heart of Oh, hallelujah. Praise the Lord. I was the house of faith. But ever since that blessed day, hallelujah, there's a light that shines in me for all the world to see. He's in the house. Praise the Lord. Death has to flee. Oh, now there is light where darkness used to be. Now there is Hallelujah. There's no more now. Praise his name. Praise his hallelujah. He's in the house that fans do to flee. And now there is light where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more now. Praise his name. Hallelujah. Praise his name. Hallelujah. In the house, little girl. This little girl was hiding there. People are weeping. They just laughed at Jesus when she's only sleeping. Amen. She began to live again. Some began to praise. Amen. And some began to say it. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Yes. Amen. Oh, now there is light where darkness used to be. And now there is hope. There's no more now. Praise his name. Hallelujah. Praise his name. Amen. He's in the house. And we were like a little girl dead. Yes. Amen. Oh, thank the Lord. Touch this heart of mine and gave me life again. I am just a house of gra. But ever since that blessed day, there's a light that shines in me for all the world to see. Death has to flee. Now there is light where darkness used to be. Down there is home. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. Death has to flee. Now there is life everywhere. I could choose to be down there. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. And may he be in every house tonight. Praise the Lord. Amen. Before we go, let's just sing one more. It's You Shall Love the Lord. Let's just sing that tonight. And as brother Garfield, if you'd come and close in prayer tonight, brother, and pray one for another, of course. Pray for the service on Sunday and then the event on Saturday as well. And may God bless brother Barry as he would prepare for uh that. and may God's will be done. Come expecting, come believing, and God will do wonderful things. Amen. Let's just sing it and Brother Garfield will close. You shall love the Lord with all your heart. You shall love the Lord with all your soul. You shall love the Lord with all your mind with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your mind. Lord, I love you for all the things you are. Lord, I love you for all things you do. Lord, I love you. Oh, help me love you all with all my heart, with all my soul. Yes. Amen. You shall love the Lord. You shall love the Lord with thy heart. You shall love the Lord with all your You shall love the Lord with all your mind, with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your mind. And Lord, I love you for all the things you are. Lord, I love you for all the things you do. Lord, I love you. Oh, help me. Love you all with all my heart. with all my soul without harsh again. Oh Lord, I love you for all the things you do. Lord, I love you for all the things you do. Lord, I love you. Oh, we love you with all my heart, with all my soul, with all my Amen. Bless the [Music] Lord. Praise the name of the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, we thank you tonight, Lord God, for your precious words that you have whispered in our hearts, Lord. Lord, we are humble that you came so speak to us, Lord God, in such a manner, Lord God, that we can address our lives and we can examine and see the things that needed, Lord God, for our spiritual growth. Oh God, Lord, we have made a promise to you, Lord God, to serve you no matter what. And and so God, in all our journey, Lord God, we just want to live surrendered lives. And and by your word, Lord God, to search ourself, Lord God, to see where our lives need to be addressed that we can pray, oh Lord God, in the manner in which Lord God to ask for your help that we can be truly reconciled. Lord God, help us. Lord God, we know that we fail you so often. So many times, Lord God, we feel like we have let you down. We have, oh God, we felt, Lord God, that we have walked away from you. And so many things, Lord God, that we have done, Lord, Lord God, as Peter said unto you that day, to whom shall we go? For you have the word of eternal life. And so God, our heart is designated in service to you, Lord. And so God, we say tonight, Lord God, may you work on us, Lord. Fix, oh God, Lord, the the broken pieces, all that need to be amended, Lord God. May you come, Lord God, and living us, Lord God. May we be a living house for your presence, oh God. May Lord God your life be reflective Lord God of Lord God of your presence be real among the people Lord God that they will know God that oh God of the scripture is alive oh God by the things we do the way oh God we love each other the way we forgive each other Lord the way oh God we conduct oursel Lord God may be in true reflection oh God of your truth and your life oh God be made manifested to us Lord Lord God we know tonight Lord God, we cannot do this by ourself. Lord God, in such a time as this, it is impossible, oh God, to live a life, oh God, of truth. But Lord God, as we surrender our hearts to you, Lord, we pray, God, that you live through us, Lord. Help us, Lord God, in this time, Lord God, to be true to you, Lord God. And and may, Father God, we walk in this truth, Lord God. And and Father God, we ask for your infilling, Lord God, even the your Holy Spirit, Lord God, to guide us, to lead us, Lord God. And wherever we fail, wherever we fall, oh God, may the whispering voice of your spirit, oh God, linger and draw near. And Lord God, may you restore us, Lord God. And may you give us, oh God, a feeling of rejuvenation that, oh God, may you refill our hearts, Lord God, with your presence. Bless us, Lord, we pray. And father God, even our brother, Lord God, as he come and journey so far, Lord God, to speak your word to your people, oh God, there's so many things, Lord God, as he has in store, oh God. But we ask for your inspiration upon every word. May we speak in our lives, Lord God. God and may oh God your Holy Spirit oh God bring us into better Christians better marriages better lives oh God that this world this country this nation oh God will see and know that the God in whom we are trusting in is alive oh God being reflective to our families to our marriages to our children oh God in all that we do Lord God but Lord God your life oh God will be truly be reflective and we ask for your blessing upon each and every one of us Lord bless our Father, as we present your word and oh God, and may our hearts, Lord God, pull on the resources, pull, oh God, for change, pull, Lord God, for reconciliation. Bless us we pray, God, we as we look to you, Lord, and we say thanks in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] and with my heart. I love you with my heart. And I will love you. And I [Music] will love you with my heart and I will love you. and I will be [Music] my in the presence Oh, I pres with my heart. Lord, I love you with my heart and I will love you. And I love you, my love. is my heart and I will love you My heart. [Music] I toal. [Music] You're my king. Young. [Music] We love you. You are my your love of my [Music] You alone. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music]
