################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-03 - 20250803 - The Token Life Pt 73 -The Mind of Christ Pt 2 - Bro Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-08-03
Title:    20250803 - The Token Life Pt 73 -The Mind of Christ Pt 2 - Bro Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 45m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AgsmZ8-Np_U
========================================

Description:
Quotes and Scriptures: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ziieMpu3JrJPfTDFNbAHaWrgL1SXBd6C/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey, baby. [Music] Oh yeah. Let's [Music] stand. This is your father. Come and dwell. Amen. This is your house. Hallelujah. A holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their care. This is your house. Amen. This is your house. Come. We are your house. We are your house. Father, mother and praise the Lord. The holy house of praise the Lord will lost and lonely bring their burdens and their care. We are your house. Hallelujah. We are your house. Come and dwell. This is your house and this is your house. Father come and this is your house. Amen. Praise the Lord. The holy house I will lost and only they bring their burdens and their care. This is your house. Hallelujah. This is your house. Come. Amen. We are your house. Let's sing that. Oh, we are your hearts. Amen. Father, come and we are your Amen. A holy house of prayer where the lost bring their care. We are your house. Praise the Lord. We are your Amen. Praise the Lord. And welcome to the house of God today. God bless you each one. Always good to be in the house of the Lord. Let's sing uh the chorus 9:17. In Christ alone I place my trust. Amen. I ask brother Chad to uh begin in prayer. And good to see. Good to see you, brother. And good to see everybody. Amen. We need more for this side, by the way. Feel lonely over there. Praise the Lord. But uh thank God. Thank God he's in the house today. Thank God he's with us. Praise the Lord. Let's just sing that this morning. Remembering Brother John as he brings the word of the Lord. and uh member also, brother Dale, of course, member of course the Snow family, brother Albert's family. Uh we don't have any uh details yet, any final details at this time. So it'll be passed down uh once we once we get something. So be in prayer for Sister Alfreda and the family as we know they're taking it pretty hard. Uh, also of course we prayed for sister Laura Snow, Cherylyn Piery as well. And of course, Brother Matt and the family uh in Ohio. So, God's grace to them. And of course, the saints around the audience. Remember also the camp meeting is coming up that God would bless us with his presence. And remember, Brother Jonathan Jr. away in British Columbia at this time as well. Brother Kingsley and sister Melody of course and and the family are on vacation in driving to Ottawa. So I want to remember them as they travel. Amen. Anybody else I missed? Well, just continue to pray one for another as we approach the throne and brother Chan lead us in prayer. Amen. Let's place our trust in God today. Amen. In Christ alone I place my trust. Hallelujah. And find my glory in the power of the cross. Yes. Amen. Let it be said, I my source of strength. Yes. Amen. My source of hope in Christ alone. in Christ the Lord. For I place my trust, Amen. and find my glory in the power of the cross. and every victory. Let me set up. My source of my source of hope is Christ alone. Christ alone. [Music] My face, my chest. Amen. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; The power of the cross. Hallelujah. In every mantory, [Music] let it be said of me. My source of strength. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Is Christ the Lord. Sing it again. In Christ the Lord. In Christ the Lord I place my trust. Hallelujah. And find my glory in the power of the cross. and every set of me. My source of great my source of hope is Christ alone. Sing it one more time. In Christ alone I place my trust. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; My glory in the power of the intory. Let it be said of me. My source shall streng. Yes. Amen. My source of hope is Christ the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you Jesus. [Music] Dear heavenly father, we thank you father for the strength not to avoid our battles Lord but to be with us in the storm. Lord we pray that everyone Lord that's reaching out to you that's calling upon your holy name Lord may you touch them in a special way today Lord. sometimes, Lord, to struggle and get to church and all the things we let complicate our lives, Lord. We the enemy really tries to stop us, Father. And we just pray, Lord, that you move in a special way, Lord, for those who had a tough time to get not hear the message, Lord, that you want them to hear today. Lord, I pray for our pastor, Lord, that you touch him in a special way. You anoint him, Lord. bless his family, Father. We put Brother Albert Snow's family before you, Lord. And let's pray, Lord, that you be with them in their time of mourning, Lord. Lord, we invite you now to the rest of this service, Lord. May our praises be as an incense to your holy name, Lord. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Number 988. Amen. God is good all the time. Amen. [Music] When you're walking through the valley and the shadows all around. Oh, do not fear. My God will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. Amen. He has promised he'd never leave you nor forsake you. I know his word is true. God is good. All the time it puts a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light still shines. God is good. God is good. Amen. All the time. And we were sinners. So unworthy. yet for us. He chose to die. He filled us with his holy spirit so we can stand and tasty. Amen. That his love it's everlasting and his mercy. There is the way God is through all the time. It puts us on our praise in this heart of mind. God is all the time and through the dark night in his light still shine. God is good. Amen. God is good. Praise the Lord all the time. Oh, when you're walking through the valley and the shadows all around. Do not fear. My God will hide you. He will keep you safe. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. He has promise. He never leave you nor forsaking you. I know his word is true. God is hallelujah. All the time puts a song of praise in this heart of my God is good all the time to the darkness. His light still shines out. Amen. Praise the Lord all the time. And we were sinners so unworthy and for us he chose to die. Amen. Hallelujah. And Holy Spirit so we can stand. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Amen. That his mercy there is no ending. God is good. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. What's a song of praise in this high? God is good all the time through the darkest night and his light still shines. God is good. Amen. Praise the Lord all the time. [Applause] Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. He's good all the time. Praise the Lord. 795 is Jesus hold my hand as I travel through this pilgrim land. Amen. As I travel through this pilgrim land, there is a friend who walks with me. He leads me safely through the sink is the Christ of Calary. And this would be my friend or Lord each day to help me do the best I can. For I need the light to guide me day and night. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Praise the Lord. Jesus, hold my hand. I need the every protect me by my feed. Amen. Oh Lord, look down on me. When I kne in prayer, I know I made you there. Blessed Jesus, oh God. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. When I wander through the valley, the standing of the sun. Amen. Lead me safely to the land of resting by a crown of life. I have put my faith in Lord in thee that I may reach the golden. Amen. There's no other great one who I can defend. Blessed Jesus, hold my heart. Yes. Amen. Oh Jesus, hold my hand. Praise the Lord. I need thee every hour. Do this land. Protect me by thy saving power. Here my favor. Amen. Oh Lord, look down on me. When I knew where I know I meet you there. Blessed Jesus. Oh my. Hallelujah. and let me travel in the light divine that I might see the preser way. Yes. Amen. Keep breathing that I may be holy thine and sing redemption songs someday. I will be a soldier brave and true and everly. Take a stand as I onward and daily meet the call. Blessed Jesus. Oh my. Praise the Lord. Jesus hold my hand. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. To this land, protect me by thy saving power in my favor. Yes. Amen. Oh Lord, look down on me. When I needed prayer, I blessed Jesus. Oh my. Let's sing it again. Oh Jesus, hold my hand. I need thee every pilgrim. Praise the Lord. Protect me by thy saving power. Hear my people. Oh Lord, look down on me. Praise the Lord. When I leave in prayer, I know I need you there. Blessed Jesus, know my name. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. We need him to hold our hand as we walk through this quagmire called the world. Amen. We're going to sing uh 573. All is well. We have heard the message. Shalom. And sister Priscilla is going to sing this morning. So, we be in prayer for her. Once we sing this, she she'll come and sing. All is well. Amen. All is well. Amen. We have heard the message of all. All is well. Amen. There is a place of perfect behind the head. So rest little right for all is well. Amen. All is well. All is well. Amen. We have heard this is the Lord. all his well. There is a place of perfect behind this. Show us little for all is well. Amen. [Music] Okay. God bless you. Okay. Okay. [Music] Take my hands, I lift them up, for I have not the strength to praise. raise you near enough. I am nothing. I am nothing without you. [Music] Take my voice and pour it out. Let it sing the songs of mercy I have found. I am nothing. I am nothing. without you. All my soul needs is all your love to cover me. All the world will see that I am nothing without you. Take my body and build it up. May it be broken as an offering of love. For I am nothing. I am nothing without you. I am your special creation. Who am I to argue why I am chosen and beloved? Here to glorify you in my life. Like a flower underneath the vast blue sky. God testify. [Music] Oh my soul needs all your love to cover me. So the world will see that I am nothing without you. I am your special creation. Who am I to argue why I am chosen and beloved here to glorify you in my life. Like a flower underneath the vast blue sky, I give my life. So take my time here on earth and let it glorify all that you are worth. For I am nothing. I am nothing without you. Oh my soul needs all your love to cover me. All the world will see that I am nothing without you. Like a flower underneath the vast blue sky. I give my life to you. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. That's the truth. You know, if you approach God, it's we are nothing and he's everything. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's uh let's sing 11:53. It's Thou mighty Christ come forth in me. Our mighty Christ come forth in me. My will, my way. Amen. I the sing hallelujah song. Hallelujah. All praise his name. Amen. Let's stand. Thou mighty Christ come forth in me. I will, my way. Praise your voice. I to thee. The heaven sing your song. Oh, praise his name. It won't be long. Thou mighty Christ. I build my way. I yield to thee. The bear sing. the praise. [Music] Lord Jesus, [Music] Lord, our desire is that they would see you in us. Lord that through the flaws and the failures, the mistakes, the missteps. Lord, that through the imperfection, yet they could see Christ. Lord, that portion that you've given to each one of us, that light that you've given to each one of us, that life that you've given to each one of us, Lord, if we could just humble ourselves and set ourselves aside, Lord, that they could see you. Lord, it's all we have to offer today is Christ. Lord, we don't have a lifestyle. We don't have a community. We don't have a religion, Lord. All we have is you, Lord. And if they can come to a place to accept you, it'll take care of all of those other things, heavenly father. So Lord, we're asking you to make us a witness, Lord. That as we've sung this song, Lord, it would be a reality in our life, Lord. That the very life of Christ would produce its word in our lives, that people could see it, Lord. That we would be a city on a hill, Lord. A light that cannot be hidden. Lord, that your word would show through your bride in this age. Lord, we know you promised it. Lord, we're trusting we're the ones to do it. Lord, grant us grace day by day. Lord, let our lives, let our decisions, our words, Lord, the way we spend our time, Lord, made it all reflect the idea, Lord, that it's Christ in us, the hope of glory that has control. Lord, bless us now again through your word. We pray, Lord, take these thoughts, Lord, this simple message, Lord. May you magnify it in our lives into a great reality. We pray Lord bless those that are not here today. Those that are traveling on vacation Lord, Brother Matt and his family, Brother Kingsley and his family, Lord. Pray in your traveling mercies to them, Lord, that you would just give them a rest, Lord, a relaxation, Lord. May you bless them and make them a blessing each one. We pray, Lord. And those that are gathered here, Lord, may we be blessed, Lord, to be in your presence, Lord. For we ask these things now in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Turn to Matthew chapter 5 this morning if you would. Matthew 5. Good to see everyone here on this beautiful sunny Sunday. Now, we don't believe in in uh luck or chance or whatever and you know putting a making things go away because we talk about them. But I did look at the forecast and for the next eight days it is sunshine, sunshine, sunshine and 20° plus every single day. So, we say praise the Lord for that. Amen. We're getting our two weeks of summer it seems like. But it's certainly wonderful to be here. See each one that's here this morning. Amen. We want to remember brother the family of brother Albert Snow, particularly sister Freda today. We don't have firm funeral details yet. We're waiting for confirmation from the family specifically on what they they're going to do and if that will uh require us to be there or not. But uh in the meantime, please remember Sister Freda and the family especially. Certainly appreciate that special today, Sister Priscilla. That was wonderful. very much in line with what we're preaching on. I wanted to thank brother Vichel and sister Selena. They've been on audiovisisual duty constantly while brother Matt's gone with the the rest of the ones back there. So I I just remembered there today because Selena keeps leaving early and it's not usual. Usually it's only a couple services in a row. But I want to say God bless you for that for your your faithful service. Amen. We certainly appreciate that. Matthew 5:6 just one verse. It says, "Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall be filled." Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats. And we're continuing our thought that we started on Wednesday night on the mind of Christ. And I do want to say if you weren't there, please go back and listen to that service. If your kids weren't there, sit with your kids and listen to it. It was a message for the local church. It's been a while coming. Amen. And and we needed to hear it. Amen. I'm responsible to preach it and you're responsible to hear it. And so I'll just leave it there and say if you weren't here, please go back and listen to it with your family. But we spoke last service, we started this thought on the mind of Christ and how it's so key to the to the believer today. But we showed that you can't have the mind of Christ without the spirit of Christ. And we remember how those people are going to come in that in that white throne judgment. They're going to say, "Hey, we did a lot of wonderful things." And he'll say, "I never knew you." See, they thought they had the mind of Christ, but because they lacked the spirit of Christ, their direction was all wrong. It wasn't that they didn't do good things. It wasn't that they didn't do wonderful things. It wasn't that they didn't do signs and wonders, but they didn't catch the mind of God. They didn't catch the will of God. And so, they went and they did their own thing. And we talked about how when Christ was baptized, the spirit of God filled him completely. And that's when his ministry started. It's good to see Sister Si Elsa and Sister Mary Beth up front again. Amen. It's it's our little cheer section up front. We appreciate that. Amen. We miss it. Amen. It's good to see these young people. I was I was we watched you know my son Jonathan's back in in BC at the camp there and I was so happy to see him on the front row on the front row early. That's the way we want it to be. Amen. We want our kids to understand what it means to be in church and to enjoy it and to partake of it and be a part of it. So God bless you our two young sisters up front that are that are that are bravely sitting in the spit zone. Amen. God bless you each one as you sit next to brother Mark and sister Moren who are always brave and sitting up front. Amen. But we when Christ came remember it was Jesus of Nazareth that came to the river Jordan. It brought him to the word of the day which was John the Baptist and he had to be baptized and then the spirit of God filled him completely and that's when his ministry started because that's when God stepped into flesh and started showing himself and we see that it was the spirit of God that gave him the mind of God and then it was the spirit of God that gave him the wisdom the understanding the knowledge of what he was supposed to do. And we read this quote last service but I want to take it as a starting point. He says there's only one thing that never did begin and that was God. He says, "Therefore, the only way we can ever live eternally is to have God's own life in us, and that's eternal life." God separated himself among us and gave his spirit like he did on Pentecost. And it was seen in symbols of fire from the pillar of fire that separated itself amongst the people. The identity of God was in that pillar of fire. Remember, when you saw the pillar of fire, you saw God. That's the way that it worked. Now, what does he do? He comes down and it it's just a symbolism. And all he's doing is he's saying, "Listen, I'm going to take myself and I'm going to distribute myself amongst the people." Remember, we preached before that the service on it that that the the the rock that the church is built on is the revelation of Jesus Christ. And what you have to see is that the revelation of Jesus Christ 2,000 years ago is not what you're looking for today. Because that was a man, that was a ministry for 30, really three and a half years, but a life of 33 and 1/2 years. But that body went away, but Christ never left. And so it's the continued revealing of Christ. And on the day of Pentecost in symbol form, what was it? That pillar of fire came down and shifted himself into people. And so Christ stepped into flesh all over again. And the question is, would anybody recognize it? Mighty God unveiled before us. But because it's in parts and parcels, people don't tend to understand it. But he's saying here what happened down here is he came down and he separated himself amongst the people. He said to give his own life out to the people. And then he says and through this through this life through the spirit of God the mind of Christ should be should be operating amongst us. He says it should be operating amongst us. The question is is it operating amongst us? Is the mind of Christ operating through the believers? Well, there's a simple test. And again, I'm just quickly refreshing our thoughts for those that weren't here on Wednesday, that there's a simple test to see if the mind of Christ is in us. Because Paul says, "Let this mind be in you, which was also in Christ Jesus." Not a similar mind, not a part of a mind, but the exact same mind that was in him. Let it be in you. That means it's available and it's required. We can't sit here and say, "Well, I don't know, brother John." No, there's a mind of Christ that's available to the believer today. He says, who being in the form of God, what happened on the day of Pentecost? The fire of God, the life of God, the spirit of God came down in men. And what did it do, church? It turned them into a form of God. This is where we're going. That'll be the apex of this series. The form of God. Amen. who said, "Being in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God." But catch the mind now because he says, "He made himself of no reputation and took upon him the form of a servant and was made in the likeness of man." That that thing that says he made himself of no reputation, the literal translation is he emptied himself. He took everything that he could have wanted, everything he could have been, every personal will, every personal thought, every personal idea, and like a bucket, he dumped it out, and he made himself something that he didn't have to be. He made himself a servant. He says he made himself of no reputation. Amen. He wrapped himself in the role of a servant. and being found in fashion to a man, he humbled himself and became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross. So he settled himself to the word. He humbled himself to the word. He humbled himself to what the word said he had to be and what he had to do. And that became his only purpose. You know, it's amazing today. The first thing that you see, somebody gets a gift, somebody gets a ministry, what do they want to be? They want to be the master. They want to be the master. They want to be recognized. They want to be put on a pedestal. They want to be called apostle or or or or or chief this or or pope or you know whatever it might be. They want some big title. They want some big position to raise them up. The mind of Christ puts you at the bottom of the ladder and says, "How can I help you up, good sir? Help me up. Let me help you up, brother. Let me help you up, sister. let me stay right here and work with you rather than stand above you and benefit from you. Amen. That's the mind of Christ that we're talking about tonight. And we see here that the the mind of Christ showed him who he was. But when it showed him who he was, it placed him in his word position. It placed him in his word position. Now remember in the scripture, there's three major comingings of Christ. And the first was in human flesh in a man called Jesus of Nazareth 2,000 years ago. And that was a visible God. That was an obvious God in man. But the second one is the one that we're going through right now. And we'll see as we go through this the rest of this series. The only Christ that people will see is through you and I. That's the only thing. Amen. Because the the the Christ is coming only for his bride in the second coming. And he won't be seen by everyone at this time. He never puts his feet on the earth. We meet him in the air. There is no visible man for them to see. There's an invisible union going on right now between husband and wife. And we're caught up together and it's only the bride and the groom in the chamber. Nobody else is invited. It's a sick world today where they're inviting their bedrooms into the church. But Christ is not like that. It's not a public show. It's a tentive meeting. It's a place where it's just you and the bridegroom there. Amen. but he doesn't declare himself visibly to the world the way he did 2,000 years ago. And the problem today is that they're looking for him to come back on a white horse. And he's not coming back on a white horse until the tribulation. That's the third coming where everyone will see him and every knee will bow and every tongue will confess that he's Lord. But we're here to preach you into the second coming. In the coming where nobody else will see him but the bride. Because that's the secret catching away of the bride. Amen. The next time Christ comes after this is with 10,000 times 10,000 of his saints and he's coming with judgment. We're preaching mercy today. We're preaching mercy and grace today. Amen. And if you see him coming with 10,000 by 10,000 of his saints, it's too late. You're already judged. By then it's he that is filthy. Let him be filthy still. And let him that is holy be holy still. The the mercy blood is gone. The blood's off the mercy seat. It's a judgment seat. And you are what you are. And now you're casting yourself under your works. And I don't know about you. I don't want to stand before God based on my works. I want to stand based on his works. That's where I want to stand. Amen. But Jesus of Nazareth was the revealing of God 2,000 years ago, filled with the spirit. God stepped into man completely. But in that role and in that season, God didn't place him into this total power and authority to make everyone bow down to him. Because that wasn't his role for the word of that time. His role was to be a mediator. It was to be a sacrifice. It was to be a lamb of God. It was to be a high priest to intercede for us, to die for us. And it was a servant role, not a lord role. Remember on the in the last supper, he said, "If I, your lord and master, have done this unto you, so ought you to do one to another." Even before he's about to go to the cross, as he says, I am your master. I am your lord. But look how I act. You want a simple test. Does somebody have the mind and spirit of Christ? Are they serving or are they being served? Amen. Because we are servants. We are servants one to another. We humble ourselves one to another. The spirit of God in him gave him the mind to wait on God to seek out the things of God. And that spirit led him to fulfill the word that was written about him for that season. Amen. And we remember how we said that Jesus came to John and John said, "Listen, I I shouldn't baptize you. You should baptize me." And Jesus said, "No, we have to fulfill all righteousness." And we see that that meant he had to fulfill the word that was written about him. He had to be washed because he was coming as the high priest for our infirmities. He was coming as the atonement for us. And so he had to be washed before he could enter into his word position. Amen. And I want you to see that the mind of Christ always does one thing. It takes you into the word for your day. Your day. &gt;&gt; Your day. Amen. Church. If we are only worshiping a Christ of 2,000 years ago, we miss the continued revelation of Christ in his people, in you and in I. And as his word is unfolded to bring us to the fullness, the fullness of what he's been talking about. Amen. We're called to overcome in this age. And the mind of Christ will take you into the overcoming position to stand the test to stay with the word for your day. Amen. That's the battle we've heard about, we've preached about so many times is in the mind. And the mind is that gateway between the soul and the spirit. And if your mind says, "I'll accept the word," then it can go out of your soul and into your life and start to produce itself. But as long as that mind refuses to accept it, there's a barrier to that to that soul having power, that spirit of God and you having power. Amen. It's a battle of the mind because we don't want to be rejected. Listen, anybody here enjoy offending people? Don't raise your hand. If we enjoy offending, then there's a different spirit that's gotten into us. I heard a brother say one time, he said, a brother was preaching hard to his church. He says, "It's okay to preach hard." He says, "It's not okay to enjoy it." I thought that was well said. Amen. We can't have fun rebuking people, tearing people down. One, we shouldn't be tearing them down. Our prophet told us, he says, "Add to what they have. If they have any truth, build on what they have. If they have none, it's a little harder, isn't it? But you have to add to those things. Amen. But but it's so it's so difficult so many times to tell people the truth in love with grace and then take the results that come out of it because it's not often very good. It's not often very good. Amen. It seems so often that we want to have clear logic and reason for everything that we do. And guess what? That is not the way of the believer. It's not the way of the believer. The scripture says um uh there's a way that seemth right unto the man and the end thereof are the ways not ways in other words the ways of death there everything you think about leads to death leads to destruction it leads to failure amen we can't save ourselves by cold logic or or or or solid reasoning listen to this he says we read this before he says because remember you can't have the mind of Christ and the mind of the world at the same time. You can't be in your way and God's way at the same time. You have to get out of your own way to let God have his way. That's the only way you're ever going to do anything. You got to get away from your own thoughts, your own reasons. Don't try to reason. Just believe. Because the word doesn't make logical sense. Many times you look at some of the most wonderful things that happen in scriptures and you see the results. Jesus takes and spits into mud and puts it on a man's eyes and then his eyes are healed. That makes no sense. That's some kind of mud and some kind of spit. I'm telling you, right? It doesn't have to make sense. But what it does require is faith. And that is our walk is faith in the word to hold fast no matter what. No matter what happens. Amen. The thing is we can't be flipping back and forth. And that's the battle today. That's the lukewarmness that it we've been preaching about is flipping back and forth. God's way, my way, God's way, my way, God's way. my way, my way. Or even worse, church, I'd rather you did it all your way or all God's way. Cuz when you blend the two, you know what happens? There's enough of God that's dragged into it that when it goes sideways, it brings a reproach on the gospel. And people will look at that, people that aren't believers, people that are watching your life, and they are watching. They are watching, and they say, "Hm, that's weird." They say they're a Christian, but they're getting the same results I do. Why? Because we blended our way and his way. It doesn't work. Pick yours or pick his. Don't blend. It just brings a reproach on Christ. But I want to share a story with you this morning if if that'll be okay. Because I've witnessed to people at work a fair bit. And you know, and it's not always about the Bible. In fact, it's rarely about the Bible, if I could put it that way, about Christ. And I'll tell you why that is in a moment. But I want you to understand this that what I'm looking for is people to hunger after what I have. Not just based on what I say it comes from. We want them to hunger for what we have. It's the bait. Your life is the bait on the gospel hook. It's the thing that people say and they say, "I like your results." And so when I talk to people, I don't always go and say, "Well, James 3 says this or Revelations 10 says this or or Matthew 5:6 says this." No, I don't say that. What I do is I'm talking to them about what the word has done in my life without telling them first of all that the word has necessarily done it. Now most of them know I'm a Christian. Most of them know I'm a preacher or pastor these different things. And so some of them have come to me with questions and I've even counseledled people at work in these different things. But what amazes me time and time again is that people want to stay where they are and be affirmed in their decisions. They don't want help. They want assurance that they're doing the right thing. Amen. And they want to insist that they're right even when the results are wrong. And I had a a colleague talking about his two kids. He's got a a a son and a daughter. And his son doesn't really care for technology or screens. He's he's got a good balance in it. He's not on his phone very much. He's not on his computer all the time, these different things. But his daughter is constantly on her phone. And and I've talked to them extensively in the past about how we raise our kids and how we protect our children with boundaries. Amen. We teach them how to discipline themselves. How to protect themselves from themselves. That's what we're trying to do. We as a species, as humans, we're prone to entertainment and luxury and ease of life and fun and enjoyment. And you give a child unlimited access to those things, they will destroy themselves with it. 100% they will. They can't save themselves from it. And in a previous conversation, I I'd said to him, I said, "Listen, you know, this is how we do it." He says, "Well, I don't want to force my children." He says, "I don't want to put them in a box. I don't I want them to make their own decisions, and I trust them to make the wrong the right decisions." I said, "That's where we differ." I says, "I don't trust them to make the right decisions." I said, "That's why I'm teaching them. That's why I'm disciplining them so they can see the benefits of proper use. so that when the time comes that they have to make their own decision, hopefully they've learned the lesson and they'll go the right path rather than falling into the trap. Well, church, now he's complaining because he's got one kid that's doing well and one kid that's not doing well. And I said, "Well, this is what we've done with our kids. I've got two kids with phones." I said, "They got them when they had need of them, not because other kids had them, not because they wanted them. But for Selena, we got her a phone because she was down and working with horses and she had to let us know when she was ready to be picked up. She needed a phone. And that phone was locked down otherwise. She didn't just get to sit on it all the time. And then for my son Jonathan, he got one when he started to need it for business because he was constantly on our phones and our computers. So when he needed that, he had it. But guess what? It's locked down as well. He doesn't have unfettered access to everything. And I said, "This is what we did and this is why we did it." And somebody had somebody piped up and said, "John, you're doing a great job with your kids." And I thank the Lord for that. Keep it up, Selena. No pressure. But it's only God's grace. It's only God's grace that we have a truth that allows us to raise our children in the fear and admonition of the Lord according to his word, not according to what society thinks is right. We've got the most overmedicated, neurotic society we've ever had based on modern parenting methods. No, thank you. But it was so funny because this guy came right back and he said, "Jonathan, you think everything is black and white and it's not." And I saw it and then he deleted it. It was hilarious. He realized he'd gone too far. He's a very logical man. But here's the thing now. It's it's not true that I think everything is black and white, but I believe there are principles that are black and white. And there are absolutely things in the scripture that are black and white. It it's clear. There is no wiggle room. But the thing is, the principle that I was making is we make decisions for our children until they've learned to make a good one themselves. And his declaration was, "Your way isn't right just because it gets results." That's what he's saying. That's what he's saying. Your way isn't right just because it gets results. Well, he's going for he's batting 500. He's got 50/50 chance of a good kid versus a bad kid just by letting them do their own thing. But he doesn't want to say, "You're right. I should be parenting different." So, what he wants me to tell him is, "You're still a good parent." which I won't do. I'm not going to tell you you're getting if you're a good parent, you should get good results. And he's not getting them. He's wanting me to affirm him, not help him. The thing is, he's way older than me, should be more experienced, but he's failing and he doesn't know what to do about it. It's only a little area. It's only a little area. But the thing is that can control that girl's life for the rest of her life if they're not careful. See, what he wants is better results without having to say, "My way doesn't work." He doesn't want to change. He just wants the results to change. Church, that's never going to happen. It's never going to happen. There has to be a change at the base level. So, what is it that I'm saying? I said, "I don't always talk about the Bible. I don't always talk about Jesus. I don't always talk about church." What am I doing, church? These people are people that are concerned about young people. They're concerned about their children. And so what do I do? I tell them what I'm doing to produce good children. I'm giving them something that they're hungering for. They want their kids to be well spoken. They want them to be respectful. They want them to be hard workers. They want them to be gameful citizens. They want them to be these good things. And all I'm doing is I'm talking about how I get it by God's grace. And then when you have a a closer relationship with them, now you can sit down one-on-one and say, "I do it because this is what the Bible teaches us to do. It teaches us to set rules. It teaches us to discipline. It teaches us to set examples. Teaches us to do all of these different things." Amen. And that's when you get the opportunity to really present them with the truth. But upfront, I'm preaching to them and they don't know it. Why? I'm just sharing my life. I'm just sharing what God's done. Amen. I'm preaching a lifestyle with the results that they're looking for in hopes that they'll ask me, "How did you get those results?" That's all I'm doing. Amen. Then I can say, "I live by the Bible. I raise my kids by the principles that are in there." And it opens the door for us to talk about something they want to hear rather than me coming through and kicking open the door and say, "Hey, do you know Jesus?" There's a time to say that. There's a time to say that. When people are broken, that's a time to say, "Do you know Jesus?" But people today, they're so intellectual. They're so set in their ways. If they'll open the door, you're you're so much better off. You're so much better off. Amen. Then I can say, "Hey, I've got something to share with you." And then it's up to them to take it or leave it. But they see the results. Church, remember, we're here to live Christ, not just talk about Christ. They've got to see the results. We're speaking on the mind of Christ. I want you to see what that looks like in practice. I'm showing you you don't have to perform signs and wonders or be a preacher or deacon. I'm saying that you've got something to offer hungry people. And that something is Christ. It's a living Christ. It's not religion. It's not going to church. It's the reality of Christ. You know, we look at Peter on the day of Pentecost when he's filled with the spirit and he came down those steps. The Holy Spirit had him stand up and start preaching a sermon. But can you imagine today if Peter was a member of a modern church? Can you imagine the board meeting before they went down? Can you imagine as they gather the other 119 people there and said, "Okay, look at what we've got. We've got one shot. One shot to get this right now. Peter, you've got the keys to the kingdom. So you are the man that's going to preach this service. Now Peter, we're here to preach mercy and grace. Peter, we're here to get them into the second church service or to get them through the church doors when we finally buy one. Peter, we do not want to offend anybody. We don't want any drama. We just want a second crack at them. Pete, just take it easy. Okay? That's what the modern church would say. You say, "How do you know that?" Because that's what they're preaching today. That's what they're preaching today. But remember, church, the spirit of God is seeking people that hunger and thirst. It's not seeking those that are just happy where they're at. If you're happy where you're at, you don't want what we've got. But it's seeking those that are hungering and thirsting for righteousness to fulfill the word of God. Listen, there are people that are sitting in church that don't have the reality of Jesus Christ in their life, and they're hungering and thirsting. And then there's people out there that don't know anything about Christ and they've got an empty hole in their life that they can't fill no matter what. And they don't even realize it. But they're hungering and thirsting for righteousness. They've got no contentment. They've got no assurance. Doesn't matter what they get. Doesn't matter what they do. Doesn't matter who they're with. Doesn't matter how much money they get. Doesn't matter how great their vacation is. Doesn't matter how much alcohol they drink, how many drugs they take, how many cigarettes they smoke. They're not satisfied. There's something in them that's hungering and thirsting. That's who we're after. They don't even know what they're hungering and thirsting for. All they know is they're not satisfied. Church, that's who I'm preaching for is the ones that don't have what they need. They say, "I'm missing something and I don't know what it is and I've tried everything." Like the woman at the well, she tried everything and everyone. Finally, she met the man that would satisfy her. Look at Peter now when he comes down. Remember, everyone came down speaking new languages. Everyone understood what they were saying in their own language. And it caused a big stir in the crowd, and they're trying to figure out what's wrong. And it says, "And they were all amazed and were in doubt, saying one to another, what meanth this?" Others were mocking, saying, These men are full of new wine. But Peter standing up with the 11, lifted up his voice, and said unto them, "Ye men of Judea, and all ye that dwell at Jerusalem, be this known unto you, and hearken to my words, for these are not drunken as you suppose, seeing it is but the third hour of the day, but this is that which is spoken by the prophet Joel." He says, "And it shall come to pass in the last days, sayaith God, I'll pour out my spirit upon all flesh, and your sons and daughters shall prophesy. Your young men shall see visions. Your old men shall dream dreams. And on my servants and on my handmaidadens I will pour out in those days of my spirit. And they shall prophesy. Now I'm not going to read all of Acts two for the sake of time, but notice what Peter's doing. They come down and it's an experience nobody's ever had in their church before. Completely different from anything they've ever heard preached by their priests. And Peter comes down. They say, "What is this?" Now, some are they're they're just they're not sure. But others are they're skeptical. They're critical. Oh, they're just drunk. He says, "No, they're not drunk." He says, "It's only the third hour of the day. Nobody's drinking this early." He says, "But what this is, this is the word being fulfilled." And what he's doing is he's taking them to the season of life that they're in according to the word. And he says, "You're in the middle of prophecy." We've heard about this for hundreds and hundreds of years that God's going to do it. Guess what? He's just done it. He's taking them to the word of their day. Amen. He's giving showing them this experience you're having was prophesied all this time. He says, "And it shall come to pass that whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved." Now, at this point, if it was a nominal church, they'd say, "Hey, man. Pete's doing a good job today. Look at him. He's preaching the word. He's showing us where we are in prophecy. He's showing the baptism of the Holy Spirit. He's showing them the good things God's done. He's showing them that God is present with us. Preach it, Peter. Keep going, brother. That's what we'd be saying if we were a nominal church. But remember, Peter's preaching what he's led to preach, not what he wants to preach. He's being led by the spirit of God. He's got the mind of Christ. Now, maybe this isn't the direction Peter would have chosen. Who knows? But all we know is that he's yielded to the spirit and watch how he's being led. So we say, "Okay, Pete, you're doing great." Then Pete says, "Ye men of Israel, hear these words. Jesus of Nazareth, a man approved of God among you by miracles and wonders and signs which God did by him in the midst of you, as ye yourselves also know. him being delivered by the determined counsel and fornowledge of God. You have taken and by wicked hands have crucified and slain. You could just see the church members stiffen. What's Peter doing? We told him no drama, no offending, no rebuking. We got to get him back for a second service. We got to reel him in slowly. And now he's telling them they killed their Messiah. Way to kill the atmosphere, Pete. Right. Is he nuts preaching on this in the first service? They'll never come back. Church, that's what the Holy Spirit looks like. It's not here to scratch the itching ears of the congregation. Amen. putting Jesus blood on their hands. He says, "You did it. You did it. You did it. All of you did it. You killed your Lord and Savior." He says, "You know what's the matter? It's because that people will come to church. The people today want entertainment. The American people are so entertained." He says that that's what they have to have. that feeds the spirit that's in them. It's an entertaining spirit. You have to entertain them. He says God doesn't entertain people. He rebukes people. He says judgment begins at the house of God. That's that's harsh. That'll kill the buzz in a service, won't it, church? We've got to be led by the spirit. And we've got to be able to recognize the leadership of the spirit is not always comfortable. Not always comfortable by any means. I admire Peter because remember Peter used to be a bit of a coward. And now he's preaching to thousands of people. You killed your Messiah. His blood is on your hands. You did it again. You haven't just killed the prophets in the past. Now you killed the prophet. The greatest one that you've been looking for all this time. You killed him. You did the unthinkable. Can you imagine? Can you imagine the response there? But church, I want you to catch something. There's always grace beyond the judgment, beyond the conviction, beyond the hard words. There's always grace if it's the spirit speaking. Amen. That's a hard thing to do is keep listening when the word is hard. Because remember, the Holy Spirit is not a condemning spirit. It's a convicting spirit. It always gives you a way back home. It always takes you back to God. Amen. I preached some hard things in the last few sermons. I want to say God bless you to those that came up and said, "Brother John, keep doing it. We need it." God bless you for that because that's what we're looking for. That's what we're looking for. Amen. Can you imagine, church? What would have happened if Peter backed off? If Peter just said, "You know what? We're just going to preach the Holy Ghost." What would have happened? What would have happened? You'd end up with religion without repentance. religion without repentance. And it would just take them right back. They'd have a new doctrine and the same old heart and the same old spirit and it keep sending them on the way to hell. You'd have affirmative religion. Isn't that what we have today? Affirmative religion rather than transformational power. Because remember, Peter's preaching a power. He's not preaching a doctrine. He's preaching power. He's preaching a lifechanging experience. And so Peter had to stay with the leading of the spirit. Remember what Paul would say later. He says, "I have not shunned to declare you the full counsel of God." Paul preached some hard services too. Those Corinthians, boy, you talked about skinned hard preaching. But you know what? They kept coming back and they listened to what he said. And Paul would say, "Listen, I told you to do this and I wrote it with a heavy heart because I knew what I was saying was hard to do." He says, "But then you came back and you did it exactly like I said." He said, "God, you know, God bless you. Thank you for doing that. Now go and restore the person that we had you deal with. If you stay with it, there's always a way to come back. God always brings us back." Amen. But it's not always a comforting word or an encouraging or faithb buildinging word. There's correction and rebuke as well. There has to be in the word. Otherwise, it's me controlling the gospel. I'd love to preach wonderful services wherever he walks out and just says, "Oh, I feel so loved and encouraged and faith built." See, we need to be stripped down as much as we need to be built up because we're being shaped into his image. Amen. That's what's supposed to be happening. If I take those things into my own hands, church, look out. Look out. What a mess I would make of the church if I only preached what I thought you wanted to hear. He says, "Every time we take the matter in our hands, we're going to fail." He says, "You just go as the Lord leads and what the Lord says, do then you do that and you'll never fail." He says, "You can't fail because you're following the leading of the Lord." How do you know it's the Lord? It matches with his word from Genesis to Revelation. That's how you know. And we've got to come to a place, church, where that matters more than anything. That matters more than anything. Remember what Jesus said? He says, "My meat, what sustains me, what fills me," he said, "is to do the will of my father." His thirst, his hunger, his satisfying portion was to do what God had showed him to do. And when it was done, he was so satisfied. So satisfied he could skip a meal and be satisfied. Church, what are we willing to skip to be satisfied with what God's asking us to do? Let me tell you, you do it once and you'll want to keep doing it because there's a satisfaction. There's a depth to that that can come with new stuff, with great jobs, with money, with houses, with cars, with recognition, promotions, with those things. You step into the will of God and see him do what he told you he was going to do. You'll never be the same again. You'll never be the same again. But watch what Peter says now. He's given judgment. He's rebuked. He says, "Whom God hath raised up, having loosed the pains of death, because it was not possible that he that Christ should behold of it." Church, what a thrilling thing to have him hear him say. He comes and says, "Listen, you killed the Messiah. You killed Christ. You killed the one you've been longing for all this life." And then he says, "And it didn't stop God." Hallelujah. It didn't stop God. your actions, your lack of actions, your disbelief, your lack of faith, you're stepping out on your own. It didn't stop him because his word already knew what was coming and it made a way through and you couldn't hold him back. He says death couldn't hold him. You had to kill him, but it couldn't hold him because the word said he had to rise up again. &gt;&gt; Church, that's the rest I have this morning is it's not whether I do it, it's whether he's already done it by his word. Remember we said last verse we read that quote that says when he speaks his word it's already done. Sometimes we're so stuck on what we're doing we forget that it's already done according to his word. He'll make a way through. We can't mess it up. We can't mess it up. Amen. God will make a way through. How? By the word that he's already declared. And watch how Peter now he takes him down this beautiful path of grace. He said, 'For David speaketh concerning him. I foresaw the Lord always before my face, for he is on my right hand that I should not be moved. Therefore did my heart rejoice and my tongue was glad. Moreover also my flesh shall rest in hope because thou shalt not leave my soul in hell. Neither wil thou suffer thine holy one to see corruption. What the grave couldn't hold Christ because the word through David had said it will not corrupt. Christ laid down his life. He put his own body in the grave on the basis of the word. &gt;&gt; That's it. And that's what he's doing through you and I. We lay ourselves down because the word tells us he'll pick it up again. &gt;&gt; If the same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwells in you, it shall it shall quicken your mortal body. It'll make you live and it'll change you. &gt;&gt; And at the end, it'll give you a new body like under his glorious body. &gt;&gt; Amen. But what a wonderful place to be. He says, "Thou hast made me known, thou has made known to me the ways of life, and thou shalt make me full of joy with thy countenance." He says, "This Jesus hath God raised up whereof we are all witnesses." He says, "Therefore, being by the right hand of God, exalted, and having received of the Father the promise of the Holy Ghost, he hath shed forth this which ye now see and hear." In other words, he's saying, "Listen, he doesn't hold it against you. You killed him. It was unrighteous. It was wrong. It wasn't fair. It wasn't good. It wasn't of God. You did it thinking you were doing God a service." He says, "But it wasn't. But yet, God doesn't hold it against you." To the contrary, he has sent down his own spirit once again in front of you to give you a chance to make it right. What a glorious thing. to say he hasn't held it against me, but he's offering grace this morning. He's offering grace. Amen. What's he doing? He said he's bringing his word to pass for your sake. Cuz clearly you need a change. Clearly, you've gone in a wrong direction, but he's standing here not holding your sins against you, but to the contrary, saying, "Let me blot them out for you, and let me make you live the way you always thought you were living in the first place." Wow. murderers of Christ. And then Christ says, "I'll give you my spirit." That's forgiveness. That's mercy. That's grace this morning. He says, "Therefore, let all the house of Israel know assuredly that God hath made that same Jesus whom ye have crucified both Lord and Christ." Church, I don't know about you, but if I was sitting there and somebody had said that to me, I think my stomach would drop. You talk about a pit in your stomach. I killed the one I've been waiting for. I was in the day of promise and I killed the promise. What a horrible thing to realize. If you believe Peter, that had to be one of the worst moments of your life, if not the worst, because everything was pointing to the Messiah, and now the Messiah is behind you, and not only have you missed him, you killed him. What a horrible place to be. But remember, the Holy Spirit is a convicting spirit, not a condemning spirit. If we walk out under condemnation, we've missed the message. And Satan will try and get you on the judgment part without letting you hear the grace part that follows every single time. It always shows us how to make things right. And listen to what Peter they said. Now when they heard this, they were pricricked in their heart and said unto Peter and to the rest of the apostles, men and brethren, what shall we do? What does that word pricricked mean? Now a lot of people will say convicted, and that's that's true in general, I guess. But the real meaning is that it says they were stung to the quick. In other words, this sermon emotionally and physically pierced them. It agitated them. It stirred them up. It got them not just uncomfortable, painfully uncomfortable. Amen. The raw truth stings. And what they got here was the raw truth. You did it. Thou art the man. That's what they heard. Now remember, church, these were sincere believers. You look at the book of Acts in chapter 2, it says they were devout. In other words, they were living their life to the best that they knew how according to the laws of God and they still killed their Messiah. Now, Peter comes and he completely wrecks their self assessment of who they are as believers, professing believers. But notice their response. Did they leave the church? Did they leave the crowd? Did they slink backwards hoping that Peter would not make eye contact with them? Were they offended? Did they hoot and holler and try and shout Peter down? No. Because remember, they're sincere. They're really sincere. And so what do they do? There's something that happens in the soul realm and they say, "You're right. We did do this." Church confession is the first thing we got to do. I am the man. I did it. But what do they say? They say, "How do we fix this?" That's what I love. They don't run out the church doors. Oh, the pastor pinned me to the pew today. I'm never going back. No, they said, "How do we fix it? How do we fix it?" Why? Because there was a hunger and a thirst for righteousness. Not self-righteousness. righteousness to be in right standing with God. Amen. That's what they were looking for. Remember our opening scripture. Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness. What's the promise, church? You notice here it puts the colon there. That shows there's often a period of time between the hungering and thirsting and the next part. It's there to show a period of time, but it says they shall be filled. That's the trial of your faith is that that colon right there between the hungering and the thirsting and the filling. That's the trial of your faith. Will you stick with it? Will you hold with it? But he says, listen, if you hunger and thirst, you're going to be filled. There was a hunger and a thirst in those people's lives. Remember, they had to kill Christ because the word said they did. But it also meant there was a people there that will come back to him when they were preached the truth. When the next portion of the word came that there had to be a pouring out of the spirit, they could be recipients of that as well. Amen. And these were a people that could say, "He's right. We did do it. How do we make it right? How do we get back into the good graces of God? How do we become acceptable for God?" Because there was a hunger and a thirst inside of them to be right with God above all else. above all else. Church, what am I telling you this for this morning? Because if there's a hunger for more of God, there's more of God to be had. It's that simple. If you've got a hunger, that means there's something to satisfy it. You got a thirst this morning, church, there's something that'll satisfy that thirst. &gt;&gt; 100% there is. Amen. But you've got to leave everything else behind. You got to lay everything else down. He said, "If you're hungering and thirsting for righteousness, you'll be filled. You'll get what you're desiring." But notice what they got filled with was not what they expected. We can't tell God how to fill us. We just have to say, "I want to be filled." It's up to him to determine how it comes, when it comes, how it feels, what it looks like. It'll be by the word. But too often we set expectations for what God has to do. And we miss what he's trying to do. The simplicity of the word becoming flesh in you. It may not be all shouting and dancing. I'll tell you this, with repentance comes tears, comes a soberness, comes an inward checking, and after that comes joy in the morning. Amen. How can you be filled if you're not empty? If we're so full, what room is there for God? How can we be thirsty if we've been drinking so many other things all day? I woke up this morning and I was completely dehydrated. And so I was just drinking water after water after water. I I don't know how I made it to the pulpit because after a while, what goes in has to come out. But the thing is, we often too often what we're doing is we're keeping ourselves topped up with everything but God. And so we come and we're not thirsty. We're satisfied already. You got to be hungry. You got to be thirsting. You come to church, satisfied church, what are you going to get? &gt;&gt; Nothing. &gt;&gt; Nothing. That's right. Thank you, brother Grant. You'll get nothing if you're already full. And I'll tell you this, chances are if you're full, you didn't come full of God. You came full of the cares of this world, of all the things we're trying to do. And what does it do? It chokes out that hunger and it chokes out that thirst. Amen. What does it look like? This hungering and thirsting. Let me tell you, where you are will tell you what you're hungrying and thirsting for. Your speech will betray your hunger. Your attitude will betray your hunger. Your confession will betray your hunger. Amen. Your priorities will show what you're seeking to fulfill. Listen to this. He says, "I think we need the Christ." Yes, sir. Only way we see Christ is when he reflects in each other. I see Christ in you. You see him in me. That's how we watch Christ. He says, "I come to the meeting. I start preaching. I watch the people. You can see whether they're interested or not. Just a few minutes. You can look over your audience." She says, "You can tell whether you're boring them or whether you're not." And everyone suddenly looked very interested in church. church. If you're asleep, I'm pretty sure you're not hungry and thirsting. If you're not here, I'm pretty sure you're not hungry and thirsty. If you're not entering into worship, I'm pretty sure you're not hungry and thirsty. He says, you can tell whether you're boring them or whether you're not. And the first thing you know, you see them sitting there hanging on to every word under expectation. He says, "See, I'm seeing Christ reflected in that person because he's hungering and thirsting for God." Amen. Church is a participation sport. It's not an observation sport. It's not coming to church and watching and listening to Brother John. It's about coming into church and pulling what you have need of out of that minister whether he's got it in his notes or not. It's about setting an atmosphere so the Holy Spirit can work in hearts and lives. Amen. This is not the Jonathan Kurlet show. This is not the pastor show. It's not the ministry show. Amen. We're a body with one head under Christ. And it's the spirit of God moving in us that's going to take us where we need to go. Amen. You say, "I want more of God." How many want more of God this morning? Let your life show it. Not just your words. Not just your words. Amen. Let your attitude say it. Yes. Let your words say it. But if it's only words, it's not going to work. If it's only words, it's not going to work. Amen. Scripture says if you seek him with all your heart, all your soul, and all your mind. He said, "Knock and it'll be opened." Church, if you want to go through a door, you'll knock until that door is opened. Seek and you will find. Ask and it shall be given unto you. Amen. But a lukewarm attempt is no attempt at all. Well, I'll go to church and see what happens. Lukewarm. Knock until it opens. Remember the parable of the unjust judge? There was a woman that needed relief and she went to this judge and she pestered him and she pestered him and she pestered him and he said, "Even though neither God nor man can tell me what to do, I'm going to do what this woman wants just to get her out of my door." And he says, "If an unjust judge will do that, how much more your heavenly father?" But what happens? We come in one service Oh, he didn't answer. Oh, well, no, no, no. Keep knocking till he opens. Keep seeking till you find. Keep asking till he answers. Not till he gives, till he answers. Amen. The answer may be no, but let him give you an answer. Amen. It's got to be Christ or nothing. It's got to be the Holy Ghost or nothing. Church, there is no in between. Amen. Like Jacob, remember what he said? I will not let you go. until you bless me. Jacob's got a busted hip. Now, I haven't had a busted hip. It's hard enough to wrestle all night without a bad hip. Then God knocks your hip joint out of socket. Most of us would say, "That's enough. You want to go? You can go, Lord." Jacob said, "I'm not going to let you go until you give me what I came for." That's what we're looking for. That's a hungering and thirsting. That's a desperation. Amen. Otherwise, it's just lukewarm. Well, I asked and he didn't. I tried and it didn't. No, keep after it. Keep after it. What does this mind of Christ and Peter do for them? Takes them to the word for their day. It's what the spirit always does. It takes us to the word for their day. And only one person had it. Peter. Peter had the keys to the kingdom. Peter had the way to unlock that door. In Acts two, he would say this. He says, "Then Peter said unto them, they said, "How do we fix it? What shall we do?" He says, "Repent and be baptized, every one of you, in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost." Not just repent. Many churches today, they're skipping the repentance altogether. You got to repent. You got to acknowledge, "I'm wrong. I'm not where I ought to be. I've failed. I've done my own thing, church. And that's not a repentance that just sits there. It's through our entire life. We ought to repent every night. When our day is over, we ought to repent every night. Absolutely. Be baptized. Well, I was baptized. How were you baptized? In the name of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Well, that's not what Peter said. He says, "What is the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost? It's Jesus Christ. Baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. And then am I saved? He says, "No, to fix this, you got to get the Holy Ghost." What? You got to have the promised word come into you. You got to have the reality of Christ in you. Amen. Jesus had prophesied this very thing couple years, one or two years earlier. We don't know exactly. And now it comes down to this day and time. And he says, "Listen, those that hunger and thirst for righteousness shall be filled. them. What does he fill them with? A church, religion, community, lifestyle. No, with the Holy Ghost. The filling of your soul is what will satisfy that hunger. Not this flesh. This flesh is never satisfied. It is never satisfied. Much craves more. You can have all the money you ever thought you were going to need, and you'd still want more. You can have all the good food you ever thought you wanted, but guess what? You're going to wake up hungry again tomorrow. There's a, you know, they have these competitive eaters that that try and and eat a certain amount of food in a certain amount of time or hot dogs. You know, this guy Joey Chestnut is eating like 70 75 hot dogs in in uh I want to say 10 minutes or 15 minutes. I mean, it's it's basically just it's disgusting. But you know what they do? They make themselves hungry first. They practice by stretching out their stomach and then before they do a challenge, what do they do? They deprive themselves of food. So they've got all they got the most room in the tank that they can possibly do, right? How's he going to fill you, church? He's not going to fill you with everything you've been trying. That's for sure. Isn't that what the world is preaching? He'll give you more of what you got. No, no, no, no, no. He's got to give you what you don't have. &gt;&gt; That's the only thing that's going to satisfy you. It's the only thing that's going to satisfy you. It's the only thing that's going to work. Amen. Church, church, if we come here without the spirit of God, we're just living in front of a painted fire. A church without the Holy Ghost is an education, not an experience. It's dead religion. It's theology. It's doctrine. Hey, it makes us great citizens perhaps, but it doesn't make us sons and daughters of God. It takes the spirit of God in us. Amen. And I'll tell you this, your Christian education won't hold you in the day of trial. Remember scripture says when the enemy comes in like a flood, what raises up a standard? The spirit raises a standard. You can have all the word but no spirit. You're going to drop. You're going to fail. That's what they had. They had all the word and all it led them into was dead religion. It took the spirit to quicken them. Amen. We need a reality of God today more than ever. Catch this. you who have sacrificed that have crucified your Messiah. He says, "For the promise is unto you and to your children and to all that are a far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call." And with many other words, this the other pressure of a preacher. In other words, this wasn't a short church service. Glory church. My intention is never to keep you long. But sometimes I do. And I trust it's the spirit that's keeping us, not brother John. Because the last thing we need is me up here pandering on and on and on and on and on. Amen. But listen, sometimes it goes long and sometimes it doesn't go long. 61 minutes, two pages to go. We're doing okay. But I want you to understand, sometimes the pressure is preacher, let the people out. These people stayed because they were hungry and thirsting. That's not a club for me to bludgeon the church with. See, if you're hungry and thirsting, you'd let me preach for two hours. By no means. But church, if it goes on, it goes on. And if it cuts short, it cuts short. We'll leave it up to the Lord. With many other words did he testify and exhort, saying, "Save yourselves from this unto generation." Then they that gladly gladly received his word were baptized, and the same day there were added unto them about 3,000 souls. See, the nominal church would have probably yanked Peter down before that. But what happens when the spirit finds a hungering and thirsting soul? It works. You just want to be a church member, it'll never work. But if you're hungering and thirsting for what God has, it'll work. and you'll be able to sit through it and you'll gladly receive what's coming from that man of God. Now, I want to bring it down to us today as we start to close because we're asking ourselves, do we have the mind of Christ? Brother David, do you have the mind of Christ today? He grinned, but he didn't nod. How do we know, Brother Grant? How do you know if you have the mind of Christ? I want to say I have it, but how do we know? What does it look like in our lives? Amen. We've got to look at what we're offering. We got to look at what we're living and see if it matches up with the same things that Christ offered and lived. And by that I mean our our lives, not our words. Words are cheap. I'm more interested in how you're living, not how you're talking. He says, "The thing that we want to do is preach a gospel that appeals to a hungry world. Not a gospel that appeases people. Not a gospel that keeps them satisfied where they are. Church, if they're full, they don't want the gospel. There's no room for it and all we're left then is entertainment. The church in Dallas recently put a roller coaster on the platform for their pastor to come in on. That's what it's come down to. Preaching movie series with gospel teachings. What is it? It's entertainment. It's not the gospel. It's entertainment. And when people aren't hungry, entertainment's the only thing that'll keep them in church. He says, "How now? How can you appeal to a hungry world that's wanting to see where they come from, who they are, and where they're going unless you preach a gospel that raises Christ up in a living atmosphere right here around us?" Now, he says, "We can't do it. There's no way. But we're to preach a gospel that's appealing to hungry people, that'll catch those who are hungering and thirsting for righteousness." He said, "Blessed are they that do hunger and thirst for righteousness, for they shall be filled." Now, he says, "How would they be? How would they be filled? He says, "Filled with what?" The Holy Spirit. The Bible says Steven was a man full. Full of what? He says, "Full of power, full of faith, full of love, full of the Holy Ghost." That's what made him what he was. Is because he was filled with the Holy Ghost. He says he was a real advertising board for Christ. See, church, we think it all has to be beautiful and eye-catching and snazzy and the latest this and the latest that. But church, we're not trying to make a blockbuster movie. We're trying to glow with the gospel. And those that want light will be drawn to light. It's not about a you know, they've got these um what do they call those those those lights that shift all the time? Oh, I don't know. Strobe lights. Yes. And they have it all. My daughter's apparently been in a club at some point. No, but you're right. those those strobe lights and they go out. They have those in churches plus fog machines now. They've had those for a while. You think about it. It's entertainment church. We are not here to entertain you. I appreciate the laughter. It lightens our hearts a bit. But I'm not here to entertain you. I'm not going to shout to entertain you. I'm not going to dance to entertain you. That's not going to work. because eventually you'll get sick and tired of what I'm offering and you'll move on to the next show, the next church, the next ministry. See, we think we've got to make it so appealing. He says Stephen was full of the Holy Ghost. Well, look at him as we start to close today. I want you to see something. What is it that offended them about Stephen? Church, Steven was the whole package. Stephen was what they were professing to be. Steven was full of the Holy Ghost. He did signs, wonders, and miracles. And he preached. Amen. Steven didn't have an affirming gospel. He had a challenging gospel. He had a come out of religion gospel. And he was speaking to things that they couldn't get past. Amen. They they they couldn't trip him up. They couldn't they couldn't get him into a trap. They couldn't knock him down. They couldn't take away his influence. In fact, the scripture says about this. It says, "And they were not able to resist the wisdom and the spirit by which he spoke." Remember, they had the exact same problem with Jesus. Jesus, they kept coming up. They kept testing him. They kept trying him. They kept trapping him. And what happened is he kept putting them into their own trap. He kept turning their own things against them. And eventually, they stopped asking him because he got sick and tired of being embarrassed. But now we come down to Steven. And Steven's under what? He's got a spirit of wisdom and a spirit of truth. He's got wisdom. What is it? That's truth. And he's got spirit. He's got the Holy Spirit. He's got the mind of Christ and the spirit of Christ. And therefore, church, he cannot be overcome. He's got the mind of Christ. The spirit of Christ. You put them together, church. That's God. That's God. The spirit of Christ with the mind of Christ. That's the That's the package of God there. It's only in portion in you and I. It's only an abortion in Steven. But yet, it cannot overcome him. They cannot overcome him. Why? Because he's united with his head. It's not him speaking. It's the mind of Christ. It's the spirit of Christ speaking with him. If you can catch that this morning, that when you have the mind of Christ anointed by the spirit, you cannot be overcome. That's what overcoming is in this age. But what did they do to Stephen? Same thing they did to Christ. If you can't beat him, kill him. And they did. They stoned him to death. And watch what the prophet of God says. He says, "Then God saw his little advertisement board being taken down." Steven looked up to heaven, said, "Behold, I see heavens open and Jesus standing on the right hand of God." And he fell asleep in the arms of God. He was an advertisement board for a hungry world. Now, catch this. This struck me so hard. Well, how many were there? You said was maybe 5,000. How many of them got saved? He said there was one he said and he never accepted it right then but years later he says hallelujah somewhere your influence never dies. &gt;&gt; Parents we raise our children in the fear and admonition of the Lord. Some stay, some go, but your influence never dies. There is something that lingers in the back of their mind until the day they go that knows the truth. And our trust is that the word says when they're old, they won't turn away. They'll figure out that his way is the best way. Your influence never dies. The thing is Steven never saw that influence. He died not knowing that he literally converted Paul with his testimony. Wow. His death converted Paul. Now, Paul needed an experience with Christ, don't get me wrong, but it was Steven's testimony that set Paul on an edge. And there was a little something. His heart was pricricked. There was a little something that started in there and he was at unrest and he fought it for so long until finally he gave in. He said, "There was one that held the coat. Saul, that young Pharisee standing there, consulted and gave witness, consented and gave witness to his death. He says, "But when he saw that advertisement of the power of the resurrected Christ and that little fellow, it never got away from him." That same man, Paul, that one standing there that morning, led tens of thousands of souls to Christ because one man was willing to give his life to be an advertising board for Jesus Christ. Oh, well, that's Stephen. He says, "What ought we to do today?" No matter. We don't have to have big audiences. We don't have to preach to 10,000. We don't have to even preach. We can be God's advertisement board. He says, "How do you know that your life might not start some young man on the gospel?" Some of you older men, see old women, start some young man on the field out there would win 10,000 souls to Christ because that he saw Christ in you that you presented Christ to him in the simple power of the gospel. He says, "How did Stephen Steven Stephen do it?" Now, he's talking about that moment when Steven died. Amen. Not his life before. He's pointing to the effect on Saul. But remember, Steven did signs and wonders. Scripture makes it clear. But watch what he says. He says he never performed any miracles, though he knew that Christ was a miracle performer. Steven didn't use his power to try and get himself out. He said he knew all those powers and things. But what did he do? He just presented his life in such a way that they saw that it was the power of Christ. This is for us this morning. You may never see a vision. You may never put your hands on a sick person and feel the charge of Almighty God make a skeleton of a man turn back to life again. You may never see him standing yondering three or four rainbows. You may never see his image. You may never hear his voice. But still, you can be a signboard that will reflect Jesus Christ by a life that's so pure and unadulterated from the world. He says, "Not clumber cluttered up with dirty things around your life, but a pure thing that it'll cause the hungry heart to hunger and thirst to be like, "Oh, you." Why? Because they don't know it's Christ. All they know is she's got something that I like. That guy lives his life in a way that I wish I lived. That guy has his family in such a beautiful way. I wish mine was that way. church. The only Christ they're going to see is you and I. He says, "You're the salt of the earth. If the salt has lost its savor, wherewith shall it be salted?" My wife went camping with the boys for a few days this week. They were at a soccer tournament as well. Came back yesterday and she was saying, you know, they were having a party afterwards, but they didn't invite us. She said there was going to be beer there, so it's probably just as well. I don't know why they didn't. Maybe it's cuz they know they ain't going to come. They're not here on Sundays. They're probably not going to go around drinking beer. We've got to be okay with being rejected, overlooked, and not be offended in it. Not be offended in it. It's not personal. It's not personal. They may be doing it out of respect. We never know. He says, "That's right. Hungering and thirsting. Let your light so shine before men that they may see your good works, see what you do, and glorify the father that's in heaven." He says, "Hungering, signboards, reflecting, wonderful." We don't have to have big organizations to sell Christ. We don't have to have highly educated preachers and highly polished people, their mayors, and the different things of the city. What we have to have is Christ. And Christ sells himself. He says, "You book Christ into a man's heart. You don't have to tell him you have to join this organization or that one." He says, "He's already sold on the product." Now, remember just as we're closing this morning, you remember he was working for the utility company and they said, "Hey, we've got all these lamps we're trying to sell and there's a prize for the person that sells them the most." And he said, "Now, is this lamp guaranteed? Does it have a warranty? do you guarantee that they'll be satisfied with it? The guy said, "Yes." He says, "So if they don't like it, they can they can give it back and they'll get their money back." He said, "Absolutely, 100%. We guarantee it." He says, "Okay." He says, "And I filled my truck full of them." And as I went around the houses getting bills and checking meters and that, he says, "I take a lamp and I get say to the person, hey, they say, well, I already paid my bill." He says, "No, no, no. I'm not here for that. I'm here to give you a lamp." Well, I don't have money for a lamp. He says, "You don't have to pay money." He says, 'I just want to leave it here and when I come back next month, you let me know if you want to keep it or not. He said, ' Because they told me the lamp was guaranteed, he says. And I knew what that lamp looked like. I knew the soft life of put light put out. He says, I knew that if they just had it for a while, they'd like it. He says, so I didn't make them pay for the lamp. He says, I just put them gave him the lamp and said, if you don't like it, I'll come pick it up. He says, and I won the contest. No, no problem. He said, because I didn't try and sell them on the product. The product sold itself. Amen. When we have people asking us, "Where do you go to church? What do you believe? Why are you the way you are?" Church, we're not here to sell a product. We're not here to sell a lifestyle. We're not here to sell a community. We're not here as an advertising agency trying to get business. Amen. This is not a This is not commerce for us. Amen. If they're asking church, it's because they like the product already. What did they say? remember was it uh it was Philip under the tree when Nathaniel came to him and he says hey we found the Messiah is Jesus of Nazareth he said can anything good come out of Nazareth can anything good come out of that hey I've heard bad things about that church what did Philip say or what did Nathaniel say come and see come and see for yourself church we're not here to convince people in or out zero worries about whether people come or go because I can't keep them in and I can't push them out. It's all a work of God. Amen. We don't have to make people see every truth the day they walk through our doors. We didn't. We're still growing. We're still learning. We're still maturing. We got to give them the same opportunity. Church, we don't want to force somebody into baptism. We want them to fall in love with the Christ that will get them into the water. I'd rather you fall in love with Christ and then get baptized rather than get baptized and then fall in love with Christ. There's got to be something on the inside. There's got to be a hunger and a thirst. And as long as they're hungering and thirsting, God can do something with them. Amen. We just have to be salty. We just have to keep them thirsty for God. And he'll take care of the rest. What is that? What does that mind of Christ look like in a believer? It's that simple, humble, victorious daily life. It's not some big show. It's being faithful to God day in and day out. It's not drawing attention to itself. It's not putting yourself up on a pedestal. It's just a humble life. But yet, it's Christ. That's all that we're doing. Amen. There is no The scripture says there is no beauty that we should desire him. Jesus of Nazareth was not a handsome man. He was plain, normal, bland perhaps. Maybe he was even ugly. Who knows? But one thing we know, he wasn't a handsome man. People aren't coming to us, church, because we look amazing. But they come to us because they're hungering and thirsting for the things that we have. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let your life be a sermon. Let your life be the sermon that people see. Then they'll listen to your words. But if all we're doing is talking, there's so many voices. There's so many podcasts. There's so many shows. There's so many commentators. There's so many speakers these days. Our voice will just get blended in with the rest. But a life lived according to the word. That's what's going to get their attention. Amen. I have this quote in my Bible and I want to close with it today. He says, "Oh, how we need thousands of lived voices. The thunder of God thundering out." Now, what we just had a thunder and lightning storm, didn't we? After Wednesday service, somebody said, "Brother John was thundering over the pulpit and then God came behind and vindicated it in a storm. I wish." But I don't know what you guys did, but I went home and I cracked open the door because the kids went to sleep. I cracked open that door and I just sat under that thunder and lightning for about 10 minutes and just enjoyed the shaking and the booming and the crackling and the oh it was just it was amazing the power and the the the sonic force of a thunder and lightning storm. I mean absolutely phenomenal. Eddie Shear said that we got more he believes they have more lightning in that one. Um Eddie Shear is a meteorologist here in case you didn't know. said, "We got more lightning strikes in that one storm than we had, I think, in the previous five or seven years combined." The longest lasting storm he's ever remembered in Newfoundland history, as long as he's been alive. But we think of thunder and lightning and it's all force and it's raw power. You see that crackling, they they just recorded the longest um the longest lightning uh streak in in recorded history and it was something like 2,000 miles long through the clouds. They caught it on satellite down in the United States on the eastern seabboard. We think about it and we think that thunder and lightning is all power. It's raw. It's blunt force. But capture what he says now. The thunder of God thundering out in sweetness and holiness, purity, undefiled lives, walking around in the earth today without a blemish. He says, 'Yes, sir, real Christians, that's thunder against the enemy. The devil doesn't care how loud you can holler. The devil doesn't care how much you can jump or how much you can do this or shout. He says, "But what hurts the devil is to see that sanctified holy life consecrated to God." He says, "Say anything to him, call him anything, he's just as sweet as it can be." And moves right on. He says, "Oh my." That throws him away. That's the thunder that shakes the devil. Amen. God bless you. Let's stand this morning. I love that that phrase there. He says, "We need thousands of lived voices." Amen. How how often do we see today, and I I know it's probably been pre prevalent in every age, but today we got people saying one thing and doing the other. You know, I saw something that they're putting an act through Congress in the United States that forbids their members of Congress to trade on the stock markets. And they compared the the members of the top members of Congress to preeminent investors like Warren Buffett. And we saw people like the speaker of the house or the ex- speaker of the house, I don't know if she still is, was beating Warren Buffett. Not not just a little bit, double, triple, quadruple returns in her stocks and and bonds compared to the best investor in the world. How? Saying one thing and doing another. Prophet God's talking here. He says lived voices. People that live what they say. People that do what they confess they believe. That's what he's looking for. And we're going to preach on this at some point in this series together. Amen. God's got people that are living voices. We're the final voice to the final age. That's what our prophet said. The final voice to the final age. And look what he says. It's thundering out how sweetness, holiness, purity. People ought to be able to see. They're set aside. They don't do the things we do. They don't go the places we go. They don't have the priorities we have. They don't seek the things we seek. They don't fight for the things we fight for. There's a rest. There's an assurance. There's a sweetness in their life that I wish we had. That's what draws people to us. Amen. We got to live what we believe, not just talk about it. Amen. Paul said, "Listen, you are our epistles seen and read of all men. You're the word walking around. They may never go to church, but you're the Christ that they're going to see." What a responsibility we have this morning. The only that this world will probably see. God, help us. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, we want to be a lived voice, Lord. Not just a tinkling symbol, clanging brass, making a noise, Lord, but we want to have a life that is a reality of this word. Lord, that people could look at us and see that there's something different, Lord. And it's not pride or arrogance or ego that pulls them in, Lord, but it's the simplicity and the humility of a life surrender to you, heavenly father. Lord, I pray that as we walk around, as people see the way we are, the way our families are, the way our kids act, the way we dress, where we go, how we spend our money, how we spend our time, Lord, that they would see clearly this is a separated people, that they are different, Lord. We want people to see you, Lord. And that means we need to have you in our lives in a greater way than we've ever had before, Lord. This world is so dark and it's closing in. Lord, we pray that you help our light to shine all the brighter, that we keep our lamps trimmed, Lord, that we have a daily relationship, a daily filling, Lord, a daily closeness with you, Lord, that just shines through all this dark and filth that's in this world. Lord, I pray you help us to surrender. Help us to repent, Lord. Lord, where we've clogged up our lamps, Lord, where we're not burning as brightly. Lord, I pray you help us to trim the wick, Lord, to change our ways, Lord, according to your word and give you the full preeminence in our lives. Lord, we want to be a witness for you. Grant us grace, Lord. Give us strength. Give us courage. Give us, Lord, a sweetness, a desire for souls, Lord, that would draw people to you. We pray in Jesus Christ's name we're asking it. Amen. Amen. Do we know that song? Jesus. I really want to see. We do or we don't. We We'll move on. Let's just do the goodness of God. 1254. [Music] I love you, Lord. For your mercy never fails me. And all my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. And all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, oh I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire. In darkest nights, you are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. Oh, I'm a Catholic in the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. Praise the Lord. And all my life you have been chos. [Music] Every regret that I am able. I will sing on the goodness of God. Hallelujah. For your mercy and praise me. All my days I've been having your Amen. From the moment that I wake up. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. I will sing of the goodness of God. Praise the Lord. Amen. All my life you have been faithful. Praise the Lord. And all my life you have so [Music] heaven and I am able. Hallelujah. I will sing under goodness. Praise the Lord. I love your voice. Amen. You have led me through the fire in the darkest night. You are close like no other. Amen. I known you as a father. Known you as a friend. that I have lived in the goodness of God. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. So good [Music] with every Hallelujah. I am able. I will sing of the goodness. And all my life. Hallelujah. All my life you have been faithful. Hallelujah. And all my life you have is praise the Lord. With every breath that I have hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. That chorus just really strikes me. It's uh that first line. All my life you have been faithful. When we weren't faithful, he was faithful. Protecting his gift, protecting the seed. &gt;&gt; Amen. What a God we serve. &gt;&gt; What a God. Praise the Lord. Let's sing. Um I don't have the number. All I want to see is Jesus. Let's sing that. [Music] Lord, I know the time is near and everything that I hold dear before the calling consuming fire. All my works and all my deeds. Every prayer and on my knees will lay before the holy conving fire. All I want to see is Jesus. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shining. [Music] burn and selfinflicted pain. Everything that I thought king lay before the holy consider. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And healing hands that touch the leg will lay before the holy consumeing fire. All I want to see Jesus. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Shine. &gt;&gt; Lord, I know the time is near. Lord, I know the time is near. And everything that I hold dear will live before the holy consuming fire. All my works and all my deeds and every prayer set on my knees will lay before I land you. Oh, praise the Lord. All I want to see is Jesus. Hallelujah. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus. Oh, praise the Lord. Oh, praise the Lord. Hurt and selfinflicted pain. Hurt and self inflict the pain. And everything that I thought gave will lay before the holy words of knowledge in his name and healing hands. Oh, bless the Lord. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; The holy consume. &gt;&gt; All I want. Amen. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shine. And hear him say, "Praise the Lord." And hear him say, "Well done." Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. My precious one. Well done. Hallelujah. Well done. My faithful one. All I want to see and all I want to see is Jesus. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. shining in the rain. Amen. And amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing 1062. Lord, you make your mercy new every day. Amen. Thank God for his mercy. [Music] Thought that I had crossed the line. Walked away from love one night. Amen. too many. I thought I'd used a bolder grace. Set aside for my mistakes. Hallelujah. So many Amen. All my days I find to my surprise. Oh hallelujah. That your mercy renewed with the sunrise. Oh hallelujah. Lord, you come and see you every day. Amen. Praise the Lord. You changed my life in so many ways. You created me in your Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. You fill me. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord Jesus. Day to day forever more. &gt;&gt; There's one thing I know for sure. Yes. Amen. Hallelujah. Precious the morning do. He can make our mercies new. Hallelujah. every morning for grace. Oh, the wasted times that I have known a product away from home. Hallelujah. Not knowing every day your grace was multip with forgiveness waiting to grow. Amen. Lord, you ain't going to cease you every day. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Change my life in so many ways. Thank you, Lord Jesus. You cradled me. You f me yesterday, day to day, forever more. There's one thing I know for sure. [Music] You make a mercy season. Every time I thought I had crossed you. Hallelujah. I thought that I had crossed the line. Yes. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord to many. Oh, thank God for his grace. I thought I used up all the praise. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. On my knees I found to my surprise. Hallelujah. Let your mercy renew with dust. Hallelujah. Lord, you see him every day. Praise the Lord. You changed my life in so many ways. You pray of me in your sweet grace. You failed me. Yesterday, today forever more. There's one thing I know for sure. Fresh as a morning. Your mercies every morning. What a waste of times. The wasted time that I have gone a brother away from home. Amen. Not knowing. Amen. Every day your grace was multipied with forgiveness waiting to provide. Amen. Lord, you make your best every day. You change my life in so many ways. You me in your grace. You failed me. The exe forever more. There's one thing I know for sure. As the morning do, you make a mercy's new Amen. Praise the Lord. We serve our merciful God. Bless the Lord. Let's just sing before we go. Um 105 10:05 touch your people once again. Um the chorus. Amen. asked for the Garfield to come and open close in prayer and u just continue to pray one for another for those that are traveling and uh for Mark's family everybody is just heading out over the road again. So we just want to remember them. Glad they were able to make it to come back cuz otherwise you would have heard me singing without music and it's bad. It's not good. So, we thank the Lord for that, for that dedication. Amen. Let's uh let's sing that. Remember, of course, the Snow family as well at this time. Uh they're going to need your grace. They're going to need your prayers. Going to need God's grace. Amen. Let's sing that and um pray one for another to get that additional touch, another touch from the Lord over the next few days. Amen. Touch your people once again with your precious holy hand. We pray. Let your kingdom shine upon this earth to glorious temporary but to restore authority and power and a mighty Rushing wings blow again. Touch your people on again. Touch your people on again. Yes. Hallelujah. With your precious holy hand we pray. Let your kingoms shine upon this earth through a living. Not for temporary deeds, but to restore authority and power and mighty rushing wind. Hallelujah. Touch your people. One more time. Hallelujah. Oh, touch your fever once again. Hallelujah. With your precious holy hand we pray. Let your kingom shine upon this earth to a living call of his church. Not for temporary but to restore authority and power a mighty rushing wind your people [Music] Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Lord, we love you this evening, Lord, and we are grateful for your presence among us, Lord, that you have come, Lord, to speak to our hearts once more. And surely Lord, we have recognized that voice that the voice that knocks on the heart's door that calls back to the soul. And Lord, in our hearts, Lord, we feel the effect, the call of the Holy Spirit, Lord God, and bring a stir to our hearts, Lord. something, oh God, that a call of an awakening, Lord. A thirsting desire, Lord, one of which, Lord God, we recognize that cannot be filled with the desires of this world and more in abundance, Lord God, Lord, in response to that call this morning. Lord God, the greatest we can do this morning, Lord, is to surrender our hearts and and to open the channel, Lord God, that we can have true fellowship and relationship. The Lord God, we can have more of you, Lord, in this dying world, in a time, oh God, where it seems so impossible. But yet Lord God in this call in this thirsting in the heart desiring Lord God Lord only you can quench the thirsting desiring of our soul. And so God we call back to you this morning Lord we say come Lord even so Lord Jesus come Lord fill our hearts Lord God. may not be hustle, Lord God, but as you create the thirst, as brother Bernham declares, Lord, he said, if there's a thirsting for God, there's more an abundance of God to give. And there's a reason why, Lord God, you have created this holy thirst in our hearts, Lord God. That you can come in, Lord, and fill our hearts with your presence. Lord God, as one writerly declares to be filled with your goodness and to be lost in your love, oh God, Lord, we are crying this. Oh, hallelujah. Because Lord, it's a dying world. It's a time, oh God, that is leaning more, Lord God, over the godlessness, Lord God. It's an empty world, Lord God, with empty promises. There there's nothing here that can fill the voids. Oh God, only you this morning. And and as your people, Lord God, we return our attention to heaven this morning, Lord God, from whence the resources of our fate, oh God, from whence we can be fail this morning. Come this morning, Lord. Come, Lord God, as we open our hearts to you this morning, we say come, Lord God, and fill us up, Lord. May nothing of us remain Lord God but let oh God all that we desire from your hands this morning all but to reflect you this morning God hallelujah Lord God come Lord and fill us up Lord Lord God come Lord God take our minds take our thinking take our walk Lord God be with us Lord God in our journey oh God be the oh God the companionship in our walk be the song that we sing be be the rejoicing Lord God, the joy unspeakable and full of glory be the all in all this morning, God. Uh Lord God, may our highs be turned to you this morning and our hearts, oh God, be filled, Lord God, with the all of you this morning, God. Uh Lord God, and so this morning, God, one more time, we lay our self on the altar of sacrifice. apprehend to herself uh Lord God. We give her our bodies. We give her our mind. We give her our soul. Oh God, we give her strength. All that we are this morning, oh God, that you will fill us up, Lord. Uh come this morning, Lord. Uh oh God. And Lord God, as we call uh Lord God, we know that you hear and answer prayer, Lord. We're not asking for riches. We're not asking for houses or land. We're not asking, oh God, Lord, to be seen. Oh Lord God, our cry this morning uh is for more of you this morning. Uh Lord God, you have blessed us with everything else, but now we're calling for more of you this morning. Come, oh God, and fill us up, Lord. Fill us with more of you this morning, oh God. Hallelujah. Oh God, we're crying, oh God. And we know this morning, oh God, that the handy heart, uh, oh God, is a broken and the contrite heart you will not despise. Uh oh God. But them that hunger and thirst of the righteousness uh Lord God shall be filled Lord God. Show us your way. Oh God lead us oh God. Hallelujah. In moment and experiences uh Lord God in time oh God Lord we we are left alone. We oh God we set aside ourself from this world uh from the desires from the feeling from the affections of this world. Lord God, and to be lost in your presence, uh, to be drawn into the heavenly, oh God, and to feel the effectiveness of your love, uh, oh God, come on scene this morning, God, Lord God, and be our strength. Be our guide this morning. Hallelujah, Lord God. We are trusting in your hand this morning. And we know this morning, God, that you're more than able to respond to the heart's cry. We are trusting in your hand this morning that in all things Lord God Lord God your people will know you and the power of your resurrection Lord God we surrender oursel one more time to you Lord and all the needs oh God as they were mentioned Lord God and the requestes that were made of this morning Lord God your children this morning God in this time Lord God you they you said they will know you Lord God and Lord God and and the scripture said Lord God them that know you will do exploit. Uh oh God, may you come this morning and and be the strength. Be the restorator. Uh oh God, be the the resource of their strength this morning. Oh God, be the comfort, the peace, the joy. Oh God, be the one this morning that keep them Lord God under your care this morning, God. And and wherever Lord God your children are lacking, whatever, Lord God is binding, whatever the situation this morning, Lord God, you are the answer to it all this morning. And we say thank you this morning for hearing. Thank you for coming on the scene. Thank you for your blessing. Thank you for your love. Thank you for your grace. Uh thank you for remembering us this morning. Thank you for your word. Thank you for your man's servant this morning who have availed himself, Lord, and have spoken in your name to your people, Lord God. We are grateful this morning, Lord God, that you're here and you care for us this morning. Lord God, we thank you for loving us. Uh and Lord God, this morning, God, we surrender all to you. Lord, uh we pray for your blessing upon our lives. Uh we look to you this morning and we say thank in Jesus Christ's name we pray and we say amen and amen. Praise God. Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. Lord, I love you with my heart and I love And I will love you with In the Lord the presence of Lord. Oh, I stand in your presence with my heart. I love you with my heart and I love you and I love you my heart and I will have you. And I will have you in my heart. Lord, I have you and I. [Music] Godl. Hallelujah. Glory. I want you. Holy Ghost for I love you more than ever before. for I want to forever. Oh never [Music] all I need I won't be there. I won't be down forever. [Music]
