################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-05 - 20250604 - The Token Life Pt 57 - No Room For Fear Pt 8 - Bro. Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-05
Title:    20250604 - The Token Life Pt 57 - No Room For Fear Pt 8 - Bro. Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 32m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MyeARDtuxZ0
========================================

Description:
Scriptures & Quotes: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1V4j5ZwxbUCIvCz-g_a4kToy8gjyi0GJw/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey. Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Hey, heat. Hey. [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Thank With a grateful heart we stand thanks to the holy one. Give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ his son. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. Give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ his son. And now let the weak say I am strong. Hallelujah. Let the poor say I am rich because of what the Lord has done for us can know. Let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich. because of what the Lord has done for us. Give thanks. Hallelujah. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. Give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. Give thanks. Praise the Lord. Jesus Christ his son. And let the weak say I am strong. Praise the Lord. Let the poor say I am rich. Because of what the Lord has done. Amen for us. Praise the Lord. And now let the weak say I am strong. Hallelujah. Let the poor say I am rich. Because of what the Lord has done for us. Praise the Lord. Give thanks. Let's sing it again. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. Give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ his son. Praise the Lord. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks. Praise the Lord. To the Holy One. Give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. And I let the weak say I am strong. Praise the Lord. Let the poor say I am rich. Because of what the Lord has done for us. Amen. And now let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich. Amen. Because of what the Lord has done for us. Give thanks. Amen. and scripturally give thanks. God bless you. Good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Welcome, brother Lloyd and sister May and brother Nathan. God bless you and daughter. I don't remember what. Okay, God bless you. Rest of the family in not too far away, I guess. Amen. Good to have you all. Good to like I say, be in the house of the Lord tonight. Let's sing 10:43. I am the God that healeth thee. And uh praise the Lord. Nate, would you come and open a prayer? Good to have you back, boy. Long time no see. Praise the Lord. Let's sing it. G. No. 10:43. That's me. The way I speak. I am the God that healeth thee. I am the Lord, your healer. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. I sent my word and heal your disease. I am the Lord, your healer. You are the God that he let me. You are the Lord, my healer. Oh, bless the Lord. You sent your word and heal my disease. You are the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's sing it again. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. I am the God. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. I am the Lord, your healer. I sent my word and heal your disease. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. You are the God. Hallelujah. You are the God that he me. You are the Lord, my healer. Oh, blessed be your name. You sent your word and heal my disease. You are Lord mighty. Amen. Just before brother Nathan prays, just uh remember to pray for course for brother John as he brings the word. Remember also brother Dale, God's grace to him and brother Nelson Guy, of course, Sister Laura Snow, Brother Doug and Sister Beverly as well. And uh brother Paula and sister Kim brother Paul's got to work tonight and sister Kim is not well so remember her tonight as well. Sister Cordell and brother Figarola that was mentioned before. So just remember them in prayer as we approach the throne. God bless [Music] you. Amen. Just want to bring se uh greetings from all the saints in Edmonton. My mom mentioned and uh the different ones had mentioned to say say hi to everyone. So if you know someone that way then uh they say hi to you. So God bless you. Why don't we just uh bow our heads dear gracious heavenly father. Lord we just count it such a privilege Lord Jesus to come into your presence Lord. Lord and just walking in through those doors Lord Jesus one thing is the same Lord from coast to coast Lord. is that atmosphere, Lord, when you come into this place, Lord, and we humble ourselves, Lord, which is what we're doing tonight, Lord, and you just come on the scene, Lord Jesus. God, it's just such a sweet, sweet feeling, Lord Jesus. And it doesn't matter where we are, Lord. We're just so thankful for your presence, Lord. God, we're a needy people, Lord. We just ask that you would just come and forgive each sin that we have, Lord. Lord, every wrong view doing, every wrong thought, Lord, if you would just wipe it away, Lord, just with the blood of Jesus Christ, we're claiming that this evening, Lord Jesus. And Lord, those different needs that we have, Lord. Everyone that was mentioned, everyone not mentioned, Lord Jesus, we just ask that you come and deal with each one, Lord, Brother Dale and and Brother Guy, Lord, those that are working and not here, Lord Jesus. We just ask you'd be with them, Lord. That their minds wouldn't be far from you, Lord Jesus. that Lord any thought that would come in not of you that you they would be able to fight that this evening Lord Jesus that that Holy Spirit that just would just sit there on their shoulder like the dove Lord Jesus and if they're streaming tonight they would be able to respond as the deep calls to the deep Lord and they would just be able to come to a different place that you don't normally find in a workplace Lord we're just trusting for your grace Lord we're just trusting Lord that Lord as the word comes forth Lord that you would just take whoever's behind the desk Lord Jesus you speak through them, Lord, and you would speak to each heart, Lord. We come humbly, Lord, expecting that you're just going to speak sovereignly. Again, Lord, we love you so much. We just ask all these things in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. [Music] Amen. You can be seated. Amen. 322. I'm living where the healing waters flow. Cast my heavy burdens down on Canaan's happy shore. Praise the Lord. I've cast my heavy burdens down on Canaan's happy shore. I'm living where the healing waters flow. I'll wander in the wilderness of doubt and sin no more. I'm living where the healing waters flow. Amen. Praise the Lord. Living on the shore. I'm living on the shore. I'm living where the healing waters. Amen. Living on the shore. I am living on the shore. I'm living where the healing waters flow. Amen. With Israel's trusting children. I'm rejoicing on my way. I'm living where the healing waters flow. Amen. The cloudy fire pillar is my guiding light today. I'm living where the healing waters. Praise the Lord. Amen. Living on the shore. I'm living on the shore. I'm living where the healing waters flow. Amen. Living on the shore, Lord. I'm living on the shore. I'm living where the healing waters flow. My hungering soul is satisfied with mana from above. I'm living where the healing waters flow. No more. I thirst the rock. I found a p of endless growth. I'm living with the healing waters. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. Living on the shore. I'm living on the shore. I'm living where the healing waters flow. Living on the shore. I'm living on the shore. I'm living where the healing waters flow. Bless the Lord. I'm singing hallelujah safely. Amen. I'm living where the healing waters for all. Praise the Lord. I'm resting on his promises. Love has made me whole. I'm living where the healing waters flow. Hallelujah. Living on the shore. I'm living on the shore. I'm living where the healing waters flow. Amen. Living on the shore. I'm living on the shore. I'm living. Hallelujah. My hungering soul. My hungering soul is satisfied with mana from above. I'm looking waters flow. Amen. No more. I thirst the rock. I found that fountain of endless love. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Living on the shore. I'm living on the shore. I'm living where the healing waters flow. Amen. Living on the shore. Hallelujah. Living on the shore. I'm living where the healing waters flow. I'm living on the shore. Living on the shore. I'm living where the healing waters flow. Hallelujah. Living on the shore. I'm living on the shore. I'm living where the healing waters flow. Sing it again. Oh, living on the shore. I'm living on the shore. I'm living where the healing waters flow. Hallelujah. Living on the shore. Praise the Lord. I'm living where the healing waters flow. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's sing. 3:24. I would not be denied. Don't be denied of the promise that God has given us of a resurrection and rapture. Praise the Lord. When pangs of death seized on my soul, unto the Lord I cried. Till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not. Amen. Praise the Lord. I would not be I would not until Jesus came and made me whole. I would not name it. As Jacob in the days of old, I wrestled with the Lord and inspir [Music] Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. I would not be denied. I would not be. Amen. Hallelujah. Till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be. Amen. Old Satan said my Lord was gone and would not hear my prayer. But praise the Lord the work. Hallelujah. And Christ the Lord is. Praise the Lord. I would not be denied. I would not be denied till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be denied. As Jacob in the days of old I wrestle with the Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. He stand. Amen. I stood upon his word. I would not be. Praise the Lord. I would not be till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be denied. I would not be. Amen. I would not be. Praise the Lord. And made me whole. I would not be. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's sing um 1193 as we cry out. Bless the Lord. Amen. Father of life, seated on your throne of grace. Only by your mercy we are saved. [Music] Amen. Lord, you have said that if we call upon your name, hallelujah, we and our families will be saved. So we cry out your name. Hallelujah. Else should die, God of grace, Lord most high Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. We rely on your grace. Yes. Amen. Adoni, crowned in praise. Amen. Lord most high Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Father of love, never failing to forgive. Each moment is a gift from you to live. Amen. We're only here to tell the world about your grace. Hallelujah. until the day you take us all away. Amen. So we cry of out your name. Yes. Amen. El shut I God of grace, Lord most high Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We rely on your grace. Thank you. Oh hallelujah. Ground in praise Lord most high Jesus Christ father of love never failing to forive. Thank you, Jesus. Moment is a gift from you to live. Amen. And we're only here to tell the world about your grace. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. So we cry out your name. El Shai, God of grace, Lord of high Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. We [Music] rely on your grace. Yes. Amen. Crowned in praise. Lord high. Jesus Christ. So we cry at your name. Yes. Amen. Eli, hallelujah. Crowned. Amen. Lord most high Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. We rely on your grace. Amen. Praise the [Music] Lord. Crowned in praise, Lord of high Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. is the truth. You know that line that says we rely on your grace. Amen. It's truly his grace that we're here. Where would we be tonight without his grace? Bless the Lord. Amen. Can't thank him enough. 12:48 For thou art great and doest wondrous things for thou are great and do wonderous things. Amen. Thou art God [Music] alone. Teach me thy way, O Lord. I will walk in thy truth. Unite my heart to fear thy name. And I will praise thee, oh Lord my God, with all my heart. And I will glorify thy name forever more. For thou art great and doest oneous things. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thou art alone. Teach me thy way, O Lord. I will walk in the truth. Unite my heart to fear thy name. And I will hallelujah. Praise the Lord. with all my heart and I will glorify thy name forever more. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's uh let's sing by his word. It's uh 1260. Amen. By his word I preail. By his word I'll never fail. Yes. Amen. By his word I'll [Music] overcome. By his word I'll prevail. I'll overcome. Let's stand and sing it again. by his word. Amen. I'll preail by his word. I'll never fail. By his word, Amen. I'll overcome. By his word, I'll prevail. I'll over Let's sing it again. By his word, by his word. Amen. God bless you, brother. How we by his word I'll never fail. Oh, by his word I'll [Music] overcome by his word. I'll prevail. I'll come. [Music] Hallelujah. Lord, what a foundation we rest on this evening. Lord, it's not if we can't do it, Lord. It's not if we can do it. It's not if we want to, Lord. It's that we're written into your word already, Lord. And all things can pass away, but your word can never pass away. All things can fail, but your word can't fail, Lord. And when you wrote us into your word, you wrote us into eternity, Lord. You wrote us into victory. You wrote us into healing, Lord. You wrote us into every benefit that you died for at Calvary, Lord. And we are so thankful this evening, Lord, that we're not resting on ourselves, Lord, but we're resting on the eternal word of God, Lord, that our names were written in the Lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. Lord, before we could do right or wrong, before we could accept or reject, Lord, you wrote us into victory. Lord, we are so thankful this evening to be in this place of privilege, Lord, that we can count ourselves among the chosen, the elect, the ordained under eternal life. But Lord, we've got to walk through this valley of time. We've got to walk through this veil of flesh for a while. And Lord, that's where we need your faith to make this word into sight. And so Lord, we're asking you to lift our faith this evening, Lord. That as we read your word, Lord, that you would just come in and inhabit it, Lord. That you would just raise us a little higher this evening, Lord. that you would quicken us a little more. Lord, draw us away from this world and settle us in your word this night. We pray. Lord, bless us each one we ask. Lord, speak to your people. We pray. In Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. Amen. God bless you this evening. Amen. What a beautiful day it's been. Amen. It's a good time to come in and and listen to the word and just spend time in the presence of God. Amen. But I've certainly been enjoying the warmer weather and the sunshine. Amen. It's good to see my brother, Brother Nate, and my sister-in-law, Sister Melissa, here. Amen. God bless you. Good to see you in the service. And then we've got Brother Lloyd and Sister May I see at the back. It's been many years since I've seen them, but God bless you. It's good to see you here as well tonight. Want to thank brother Chad and the Clintar family for working on the lawns. And you can see he's doing some work on the pavement and the curbs and these things. And sure appreciate that, Brother Chad. All the hard work you put into making things look good. Amen. It's a body. It's a body. We've all got things we contribute and and I sure appreciate it when people just do it. You don't have to ask them. You don't have to push them. They just do it. So, I appreciate Brother Chad and the family and his business taking care of that. Amen. Familiar scripture we've been preaching from here for a while now in 1 John 4:18 says, "There is no fear in love, but perfect love casteth out fear because fear had torment. He that fearth is not made perfect in love. And we love him because he first loved us." Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats this evening. We're continuing our series on the token life, on the life of the Holy Spirit in us. And again, this thought of no room for fear. And maybe this is the last service on this. I don't know. But really, we're preaching on the perfect love portion today. And last service we spoke on Romans 8:28 where it says that all things work together for good to them that love God and to them who are the called according to his purpose. Amen. It's for the ones that God called, not just the ones that say they love him. That's one of the greatest deceptions today is you got a lot of people saying they love him, they serve him, they're about his will. But this is for those who are called of him. It's for the ordained. It's for the elect. Amen. And it's that elective love of God that holds us. It's that elective love that anchors us, that strengthens us, that assures us. Because as I was saying even in my prayer that it is not me that chose him, but it's him that chose me. And all we did was we responded to the call of God in our life. That's all we can claim this evening. Amen. And it's not going to be our feelings that hold us. It's not going to be visions. It's not going to be gifts. Scripture says all those things will pass away. They'll fail. They'll fall away. But there'll be one thing that holds us. And that's the love of God. And it'll be because he shed it abroad in our hearts by his spirit. As we read last service. Amen. It's not what we see. There's going to be times where we can't see. There's times, remember, when even the prophet's vision, remember when the the the Shounomite woman went and he and she's riding towards him and he says, "God has hid this thing from me. Nobody gets to see everything. This is a walk of faith, not a walk of sight. Amen. And so, we've got to be able to to rest in something beyond what we can see or sense with these five senses. Amen. Our security is in one thing. Paul said this to Timothy. He says, "Nevertheless, the foundation of God standth assure, having this seal, the Lord knoweth them that are his." Amen. The Lord knoweth them that are his. Jesus said it this way. He said, "You've not chosen me, but I have chosen you and ordained you." That word ordained means I have established or appointed. So, it means that God has set something in stone because it's through his word. Amen. There's something that cannot be changed about you and I. And watch what he says. He says, "I've chosen you that can't be changed. And then I've ordained you for one thing." He says, "That you should go forth and bring forth fruit. Now, there's two kinds of fruit. There's eternal and there's temporal. And he tells us your fruit. He says, "I've ordained you that you should bring forth fruit, but it's fruit that should remain." He says that whatsoever you shall ask of the father in my name, he may give it to you. Amen. He's given us something. He's ordained us to something that won't fail, that won't rot, that won't stop. Amen. It's something that's tied to him. It's from him. And there therefore, it can never fail. Amen. God chose us in Christ before the foundation of the world. As Eve came out of Adam, so we were in Christ before the foundation of the world. And therefore, he has called us. He has chosen us. He has taken us out of his side. And now we're produced today to be his exact flesh today in this earth. That's what he's called us to today. Amen. This is not my work. This is his work. This is not my call. It's his call. I'm just responding to something that he did already. Brother Brian would say this. He says, "Our foundation stands sure." God laid in Zion the cornerstone. There we are. He says, "We can't slip. We can't slide. We can't move. Then we come into the door through Christ put on here." He says, "Oh, we may have our ups and downs along. We may have our ups and downs along." That's true enough. Sicknesses and troubles. He says, "But remember, there's a great company of angels all along the road to bear thee up at any time." He says, "Taking you up when you fall." Oh, I'm never going to fall, Brother John. No, you're going to fall. But that's why he has a mighty cloud of angels of witnesses around you to lift you up when you fall. That's why we need them is because we're going to fall. We're going to stub our toe. We're going to get off the path. But he's got somebody there to bring us back to his word. always. Amen. We need these things. He says, "Oh yes, he's there. He promised it and he had to make a way of it." But a man would say, "The Christian has not one worry in the world." Do we have worries this evening? Sure we do. But we ought not to. We ought not to. He says they should be the most free, the happiest people in all the world. He says, "You can't lose." Man, I like that. I'll take the You can't lose. Listen, we're about to start the Stanley Cup tonight. For those of you that don't know, the greatest hockey league in the world, the championship for this for for the for all the bananas is tonight. Can you imagine going in knowing you can't lose? How would you play if you get down three games to nothing in a best of seven series and you know you can't lose? How are you going into game four? We've been made more than conquerors. church, you're on the winning side this evening. That's why we have these ups and downs, but we trying to get our perspective to look in the big picture. You can't lose. You've already won. You're just walking through the veil of tears and flesh and hardship and five senses of this flesh. But you can't lose. It doesn't matter what you feel. Doesn't matter what you see. Doesn't matter what you can't see. You can't lose. And he says, "And all things work together for good to them that love God." So, how can we lose? Oh, you catch that. I didn't underline it. He says, "What? That all things work for good." Oh, it doesn't feel good, Brother John. It doesn't look good. I lost money. I lost family. I lost friends. I lost influence. I lost opportunity. You think you lost, but all things work together for good. You cannot lose. You cannot lose. He says, "There's just nothing to lose, is there? We're just anchored away in Jesus Christ, going home to glory, having a good time while we're going along, God providing everything for us. See, when we can step back into the eternal viewpoint, that's when faith can rise up. Amen. We talked about this last time that Satan is a master of turning mole hills into mountains. He takes every bump, every interruption, every uh failed plan, every failed believer, every drop that hits us, and he we just think, "Oh, it's such a big deal." And he magnifies it in our lives. Amen. And he's trying to get us to look right here and now to keep our eyes from looking at eternity. To look where we came from, to look where we're going and say, "Listen, this matters not. I can't lose." That's what God's trying to get us to do. Satan's trying to get us to look at circumstances, to see what our five senses declare, to see what other people are doing, to see what other people are saying. And God's just trying to say, "Look to my promises, and don't worry about the rest." That's what he's trying to get us to do. And so, we come into this idea of perfect love. And this idea of perfect love is so elusive to us because we're surrounded by things that cause fear. Fear is all about the five inner senses and the five outer senses. See, fear takes what we can see, feel, hear, taste, touch and then it runs it through these five inner senses of memory and conscience and all these different things and it comes up with a picture and it is a completely fabricated picture. But see, we think it's rooted in reality. But remember, Brother Bram says there's angels around that you can't see. There's powers around that you can't see. There's things going on that you can't see. Daniel is there and he's praying week after week and he's saying, "God, where are you? God, where are you?" And the angel comes out and says, "I was on the way since you started speaking. I was on the way." But things were held up. Why? Because there's battles going on around us. There's influences that are fighting. But it doesn't mean nothing's happening. It just means you haven't seen the end result yet. That's what he's trying to get us to see in these things. Amen. Fear is all about this dimension, but perfect love surrounds all of this. See, you're surrounded by perfect love. You're wrapped in the love of God. And everything that's inside that can't win the victory because you're surrounded in perfect love. That is the dominating force in our life is the love of God. Amen. We love him because he first loved us. That elective love that holds us day in and day out. Amen. So what does it take? It takes faith. It takes a revelation to see perfect love in situations that seem like it's only fear. Remember, we read last service how fear came first in Genesis by believing a lie of Satan. And we spoke how fear is not of God. Fear is never of God. We're talking about that fear that keeps you out of church, that keeps you from praying, that keeps you from repenting, that keeps you from fellowship. That ain't of God. If you're scared of that, that's Satan all the way. That has nothing to do with God. Amen. But that fear took Adam and Eve out of the presence of God, and it brought them to shame, and it caused them to hide themselves from his presence. And in every situation, that's what Satan's trying to do. Keep us out of the presence of God. He doesn't want you there. He doesn't want you there. And so, what does he do? He tries to get you to believe what he tells you. Curiously enough, that's exactly what God's trying to do. God's trying to get you to believe what he tells you by his word. And Satan's there to try and get you to believe what he says. That is 99% what God says half the time. It's so close. It's so close. just to twist you a little bit so that the word loses its power. Amen. But if he if we we've got to make a decision, we've got to make a decision. What am I going to look at tonight? What am I going to dwell on? Am I going to dwell on the past? If you're going to dwell on the past, make sure you go far enough back. Come on now. Make sure you go back to before you did right or wrong when he chose you. Don't look at what you did yesterday. Look what God did before you did what you did yesterday. And if you're looking tomorrow at your faults and failures that are no doubt going to happen, look beyond that through the blood of Jesus Christ and see that you are already with him in heavenly places. Amen. Look where God takes you, not where Satan points you at this evening. Amen. But if fear gets a hold, look out. Fear is powerful. Let's not pretend otherwise. Love is more powerful, but fear is right behind it. Brother Brown would say this. He says after through the services of this week trying to show people that there's no need of being scared, he says the worst thing the devil can put upon you is fear. He says if you even had a cancer and didn't fear and believe God would heal you, he says you wouldn't be in too bad a shape. God will take care of that. If you were sick, whatever it is, if you didn't fear, he says so fear is one of the worst things get that Satan can place upon the person. Why is he saying that? It's because fear pushes away faith. Remember what we said? It can't exist at the same time. It's like hot and cold. You can't be hot and cold at the same time. You can be one and then the other, but you can't be hot and cold simultaneously. And you can't have fear and have faith simultaneously. You can't be in perfect love and have fear at the same time. You just can't be there. Amen. Fear opposes faith. Now, we can act confident, but when somebody calls your bluff, when you're only acting confident, what happens? You back down. And we find out that I was just acting confident. I wasn't truly confident because I backed away at the critical moment. Brother Bam says, "Fear is worse than what you have in the first place." Why? Because fear is up here. Now, those of you that have ever looked at the way that fear works, fear feeds the rest of your body. And so when you're scared, let's say you've got a disease, let's say you got cancer or something like that, fear will feed that situation. It'll feed that issue. It'll feed that sickness. Amen. It strengthens the problem. That's what fear does. And what happens? You say, "Sister Brandon, I'm not picking on you tonight. Cancer is what brother Brandon brought up. So I'm going to use cancer." He says, "Now, if you have faith that God will heal you, he says, it's not that big deal about that cancer. God will take care of it. But what happens if you're scared of that cancer? What happens is you start to fear. And at with fear comes worry, comes anxiety. And then pretty soon you're not sleeping very well. And when you're not sleeping very well, then your body starts to what? Break down. Pretty soon your immune system starts to break down. And what happens? Your fear starts to literally manifest in your flesh because that disease starts to get stronger rather than get weaker. Whereas faith would do what? Faith would say, "He's the Lord that heals all my diseases. By his stripes, I am healed and you start you sleep well and you eat well and there's a peace and arrest and so your body just is working right along. Nothing rises up and then God can come behind and heal it. That fear literally manifests itself." Amen. What was a mental conception becomes a physical reality, a physical manifestation in your body. Brother B will point to this scripture in Job where he says, "For the thing which I greatly feared is come upon me and that which I was afraid of is come upon me." He says, "I was not in safety, neither had I rest, neither was I quiet, yet trouble came." If you look at the amplified, it says, uh, even though I was safe, I wasn't truly safe. And even though I was at rest, I wasn't truly at rest. And even though I was quiet, I wasn't truly quiet. Why? There was something working on the inside. And it produced what he was talking about. Brother Ram says in the book of Job, it says here that Job feared and what he feared it actually happened. What brought it? His fear. That's what made it happen. His faith would have kept him from it, but his fear brought him to it. Amen. Fear does this. Says you can come in. Faith says get out. Very simple. He says he was scared it was going to happen and it did happen. He says now if he knew it wouldn't happen, it wouldn't happen. So fear is believing something bad's going to happen. Faith is believing that something good is going to happen. He says if you're afraid when you come by the prayer line, maybe I just haven't got the faith sufficient. He says it'll never happen. Don't worry. See, but if you just know it's going to happen, it'll happen. See, it's a substance of something. We could say it this way that fear is just a negative faith. It's a negative faith. It's believing in the wrong thing, but it's a faith of sorts. It's just not according to the word. He says, "Job had a fear that these things would come upon him, and they did. And if you have a fear that your disease won't leave you, it won't." He says, "But if you have a faith that it will." See, we can sit around all day and we can get worried and anxious and we can wonder and we can look things up and we can look at what happened to other people and we can dwell and we can dwell and we can dwell and what do we do? We we we stir up a storm in our life. You know, I know people that have taken a simple little thing and they went on Google and by the time they were done, they had three days to live up here. Up here. Now, we laugh and smile and I'm glad we do. But don't we do that sometime? Situations at work, situations in our finances, situations in our churches, situations in our families, situations in our marriages, in our bodies, all these things. And what do we do? We think what if? What if? What if? And the what if almost never goes to what if God's word is true because that's Satan's job. He's good at what he does. It's breaking us down so we won't look at the word of God. Amen. And so you get people that take a little lump on their arm and they turn it into stage 12 lymph cancer and they've got a week to live and the next day it's gone. But for a day they're they're they're absolutely uh convinced they're going to die. Why? because they spend so much time looking at what it could be rather than at the word that says it doesn't matter. I am the Lord that health all thy diseases. You know, I mentioned a few services ago that after having dealt with my eye issue for 6 months, I was finally booked for surgery and I was just so happy. It was just so big and lumpy. But I knew that things were going to get better, you know, and I finally might get back to looking normal and get back to not having to wear glasses all the time, be able to play ice hockey and wear sunglasses, you know, just in case the sun came out. And I was in a rejoicing mood. I was in a rejoicing mood. And you know what Satan did? Satan tried to rain on my parade. Absolutely did. So for those 10 days between my my booking be made and the actual surgery go Satan was going after me. He was saying, "Look, you looked, you see these people that have to go get cosmetic surgery afterwards because their eyelid doesn't go back to its original shape. You're going to have a droopy eyelid. You're going to get reinfected. It may not go the way you want. You may have to get two surgeries on it." And what's he doing? He's trying to rain on my parade. He's trying to take away my joy that this trial is coming to an end. And he's working. And he's working. And he's working. And you know what I said, church? I had to listen to my own preaching. I had to say, "I am the Lord." I had to quote what he said. I am the Lord that health all thy diseases. I have to say that church. I don't get to preach up here and then you guys have to do it. I've got to put this into action. I've got to fight the same battles that you do. Amen. And so why why is Satan digging in so hard? Because he knows that if he can get you to doubt, then he's got a door to walk through and he can start to magnify things. Amen. When we he destroys our faith through fear, then we start to get weak. And then he moves into our life. He moves into our head space and pretty soon we don't know which way is up or down. But church, I wanted to flip the script on him. I want to flip the script on him tonight. How do you flip the script? I want it so that he gets weaker and I get stronger. That's what I want. You know how you make Satan weaker, church? You testify. You testify. You repeat the word back to him. That's the way that Satan gets weaker. Amen. You know what I said to him? And I shared this with some of you. my eye the day before I went to the doctor started to drain. And when I went into him the next day to the surgeon to look at it, he said, "Now that is big." He says, "I don't know if I'm going to be able to do that through the the standard way of doing surgery." He says, "I might have to go into the front, which leads to scars. It doesn't heal as quickly. These different things, it's not as protected." I said, "Well, it's starting to drain." He said, "Good." He says, "Maybe by the time you get to surgery, it'll be small enough where I can do it." And guess what, church? I latched on to that and I told Satan, I said, "See, God's already making way for me to get a total healing." I spoke of the things that were good. Rather than focusing on the surgeon, say, "Now, I might have to do it the hard way and you might have scars and a more difficult healing." I said, "No, no, no. God's already moving." That's the way we've got to go. We got to take what agrees with the word and throw everything else away. Amen, church. We got to get to the place where we can testify before we see. before we have before the work's done, we've got to be able to go in and say, "Listen, it's already done. He's my healer. Before I'm ever healed, he's my healer." Amen. And I said, "God's moving and I'm trusting him." Then I come out of surgery, and I said this before came out of surgery and my wife looked at me in horror because yes, the the the big lump was gone, but there was blood streaming down my face, bloody tears. My eyelid was all stretched out and droopy. I didn't have a whole lot of control. It was still very numb. Felt like I'd had needles jammed in my eyeballs from having these bright surgery lights in my eyes the whole time. You can't close them. Everything's just stretched and pulled. It's like having birth through my eye socket. Didn't feel very good, you know. But I went in trusting that as God had given me grace to get that surgery like that. He didn't give me surgery like that so he could just let me lay on a bed for another six months saying woe is me. Amen. Church, every trial has to come to an end. And I went insane. My end's here. My end's here. That's what we're supposed to do. We're supposed to testify, "My end is on its way." Amen. But you come out and it doesn't look like it. But remember, I focused on the positive and and the surgeon said it went better than expected. He says, "As best I can tell, I got everything out of it." Praise the Lord. But what I didn't tell you, because it's a negative testimony, he says, "Now I'm worried about how swollen it is." He says, "I'll set up an appointment. We may have to go in a second time." I didn't repeat that. I said, "It went better than expected." Cuz that's what faith says. That's what the word says is, "I am the Lord that health thy diseases." Amen. Let's let our testimony match what the word says. and only that. And guess what? It's going back and back and back. First day miserable, swollen, couldn't move it around, lumpy, everything. Day two, I worked for three hours. Day three, I was back to work completely. Church, by day four, I could see this thing's almost done. And so now it's just little tiny bits that it has to go that back in. What is it? You've got to dwell on what the word tells you about your situation. Amen. Our mindset through this has to be, "Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, there's still an enemy there." Doesn't matter. Thank you, Jesus. We killed half of them. There's still a third. It doesn't matter. The enem is on the run. The situation is being changed. Thank you, Jesus. We don't have a total deliverance. Doesn't matter. Thank you, Jesus. When he gives us victory, he gives us total victory. That's what we are expecting for. Amen. Listen, Abraham called those things that were as though they were not. And the scripture says, "And he considered not his dead body." That's what we got to do. That's not just That's not just playing mind games, church. We've got to focus on exactly what the word says and push everything else away and say, "I believe God." And act on it that way. Amen. I'm still thanking God. I'm so happy that in theory I could put a set of contact lenses in. I appreciate it. There's an end to every trial. Sometimes all he's waiting for is you to say, "Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus." Amen. Paul and Silas sitting in the in in the prison cell. What did they sue? They started praising Jesus. And pretty soon, what happened? Chains broke. Sometimes all he's looking for is the right attitude towards him, towards his word. So all he wants is you to get the right attitude in that miserable, lumpy eyed, whatever that might be situation. Amen. I'll tell you this. I fought that because it grinds you down. It wears you down. You just say, "Lord, when is the end coming?" And that's only six months. Some of you have been dealing with things for a lifetime. Let me tell you, the end's coming. If nothing else, you got a new body on the way. Amen. Praise the Lord. Paul said this way. This is from the Amplified Bible. He says, "Do not fret or have any anxiety about anything." He says, "But in every circumstance and in everything in prayer and petition," in other words, intentionally ask, he says, "With thanksgiving, continue to make your wants known to God." Notice, we are to be without anxiety, no worry. And in prayer, we are supposed to do it with thanksgiving. What? thanking God that the answer is on the way. Even though we see nothing before the money's in the bank, before the body's healed, before the situation's resolved, we thank the Lord. We pray with thanksgiving. He said in Colossians, he says, "Let the peace of God rule in your hearts to the which also ye are called in one body, and be ye thankful." Church, if we could come to the place where we are as thankful before it happened as after, I'll tell you what, we'd have some victory here tonight. To thank the Lord that we know it's working for our good. That he's working in our life. He's working in our bodies. He's working in our situations to bring us to that expected end. Because when you can thank him when nothing is showing any difference, that's when faith has conquered fear. That's when you know you're resting under the umbrella of his love. Amen. And that's when Satan has no place to work. Because when you don't disbelieve, then fear can't come in and he's kicked out of the situation. That's what takes him out completely. But what is it that brings that faith, that testimony, that courage, that focus on the right things? It's knowing you're under the umbrella of God's perfect love. Remember what Paul said last time. He says, "The love of God is shed abroad in your hearts by one thing, the Holy Spirit." It's not a feeling, though feeling comes with it. non- emotion though emotion may come with it but it is that assurance that you have received his spirit that settles you down through all of these things that's his love is when he puts himself inside of you amen what happens then perfect love casts out fear and what comes behind that faith because there's a void now where fear was something's got to fill it and what is it what comes in after it comes in with faith brother says it this way he says what is the law of God he says is love and perfect love casts out fear love and faith are the same thing see love. Perfect love casts out all fear which gives faith. So faith fills up the void that fear left. Amen. We've got to have something to fill us. If we got an opening in our life, something's going to come fill it. Fill it with God. Fill it with faith. Fill it with love. Fill it with the good things of God. Amen. But how does that perfect love cast out fear? And what does that look like in our daily lives? That's what I want to talk a little about for the rest of this service. Amen. Now, remember that the root of fear is one thing. It's rooted in possibility, not in the word of God. It's rooted in what your mind can come up with, your senses can come up with the picture they can paint out of what you see in the natural. Fear comes from believing a lie. Amen. And what was the first lie that Satan told humanity? First lie Satan told was God's word is not true. That's what he said to Eve. She says, he said, "Are you allowed to eat of every tree in the garden?" She says, "Yes, but this one tree we're not allowed because we will surely die." And he says, "Thou shalt not surely die." What was he saying? He was saying, "God's word isn't true." And he convinced Eve that his word was not true. He got her to disbelieve when she disbelieved and she acted on her disbelief. And we know where that led. Amen. But fear originates from one thing, and that's the statement that God's word isn't true and then you believe it. But I'll tell you this, it's very rare for Satan to come up and say, "God's word isn't true." So, he turns it into other statements. I don't know about you, I've never heard Satan tell me, "God's word isn't true." Just that bluntly. But what does he say? He says, "The promises of God aren't for you." That's his way of saying it's true for everyone else, but not you. See, it's it's 99.99999% true because it's true for everyone else except you. He says the scripture doesn't mean what you think it means. He says that was for another day, but it doesn't apply today. Look at the cessationists. That was for the apostles, but it's not for you. Or it'll say, well, it's for the ministry. It's for the men. It's for the adults. See, these are all ways to say the word isn't true for you. See, he's trying to take the personal out of the word in your life. If he can leave it for everybody else, he's got you conquered. Absolutely. You're you're completely powerless. Amen. Or he will come with this doozy. He'll say, "You know how you're living. You don't deserve it." Sure. Satan's a master. He's had thousands of years to to prepare for our our battle today. Brother Bram says this. He says, "Oh, we say we have faith. We have love." He says, "But if we had love, we'd have faith, for perfect love casteth out fear." He says, "And when fear is gone, faith is perfect." And he says these words. He says, "You're scared. He won't keep his word." He says, "But I believe that he does." Why? You don't believe it's for you. You don't believe it's true. Maybe not in so many words, but your actions tell you what you really believe about the word of God. So, Satan's there to try and keep you from believing his word. And he does this through two major attacks. The first is that he attacks the word. He attacks the word. Amen. He'll convince you it isn't re real. It isn't true by logic or reason or some form of uh evidence. Amen. This is the way he goes after intellectuals. I've told some of you about that the friend of mine that's come to church a few times and you know after the seventh service he said he said you know John you're you're a man of science and education. He says and this book is mostly unproven. He says, "How in the world do you stand there and preach it like that?" I said, "Because for me, it's proven." I said, "For you, it's not." I said, "But let me repeat back to you what you've been telling me every time you come to church these seven times." You said, "Every time I come in there, you're preaching into my life." I said, "You just told me that the word discerns the thoughts and intents of your heart, and that's what it says it would do." I said, "So, you're testifying to me that this word is true. You just didn't know it." I said, 'But I believe it because it's been made a reality in my life. I met the person that wrote it. Amen. I've got a life that has been changed since this word came alive in my life. So, it's not unproven to me. It's proven. There's still things yet to be proven, but what I've accepted, it's been proven in my life. And I thank God for that. Amen. God never said, "We believe by evidence." He says, "You'll believe by faith." It doesn't mean there isn't evidence, but the evidence will never convince you. Listen, Israel walked around for a long time with the pillar of fire, the pillar of cloud, mana, shoes that didn't wear out, clothes that didn't wear out, enemies that they defeated despite having no major, no real army, and that never convinced them. And in the end, only two went in. Evidence won't work. It takes a personal revelation of Christ in your life. That's the only thing that'll do it. Amen. But Satan Satan knows how to how to play on these things. He attacks the word. He gives us timelines. See, it hasn't happened yet. Therefore, it's not true. He'll point to people that have failed, fellow believers, professing believers, amen, so-called Christians. He'll throw unanswered prayers at us and say, "See, the word doesn't work." But see, Satan is bound by time. He knows this time is short. There's a time coming where he knows it's real short, but he knows the end is coming. And so, he likes to bind us up in time. God's trying to pull us out and say, "Hey, this is an eternal work. Don't worry about what's happening here." And if he can't attack the word, if that's not successful, then he attacks you and he convinces you that it's not for you. Amen. He doesn't challenge his truth, but he challenges you and he compares you to the word and says the two don't match, therefore it's not for you. He say you don't qualify to have the word in your life this way. You know the things you do. You know the things you say. You know the things you're struggling with. Doesn't belong to you. That works real well on people with low self-esteem. That works real well on people that aren't very stable. Amen. That works real uh well on people that are very emotional because what? The ups and downs. Satan hits them on the downs. You know, Satan never hits you on the ups. I don't know if you've noticed this. Satan doesn't work when you're on the highs. He gets you when you're in the downs. Cuz he knows the highs. He's not going to get anywhere. But on the downs, he starts focusing on you. Amen. And it works really, really well when we've messed up really, really bad. like Samson, church, Samson could have prayed many years before he actually did. But he didn't. Why? He'd messed up real bad. You talk about low self-esteem. Gideon Gideon had a self-esteem problems. It took miracle after miracle to get Gideon to see God's chosen me, right? Because what? He didn't believe that he was meant to match up to what God was doing by his word. Satan tries to tell us we've crossed the line between mercy and grace. Church, let me tell you this. As long as the bride is here, there's grace available. I don't care who you are. Church, I preached on it before. That thief on the cross had spent a lifetime of bad decisions. Finally paid his just due. And a couple hours before he died, the grace of God reached down to him because he was a child of God. He spent the least amount of time in paradise of anybody there. He was the last one to die to go in. Max two days and he's out. He's resurrected with the New Testament saints. It's funny. I there's a a man I think his name is Aleister Beg. He's a he's a well-known Christian in the world. I think it was he that preached a service on it's called the man in the middle. He says, "And when that thief went up to the gates of glory, they looked and they said, "We have no record of your Christian walk." He says, "All I can tell you, all I can tell you is the man in the middle said I could go." The only good thing he did was he rebuked his fellow thief and murderer and said, "We've done wrong and we deserve it." He doesn't. That's the only thing he ever did. And yet there he stands in paradise, a child of God. A failure most of his life, virtually his entire life, church. But when given the opportunity, he stood for the word. That's what grace looks like. He said the right thing one time and it was eternal life to him. Church, I don't control grace. You don't control grace. We give up way before God gives up. Amen. Look at Saul, the persecutor. We gave I guarantee you the church gave him up a long time ago. All God saw was Paul the apostle, the prophet to the first church age. Look at Jacob the shyer. Time and time again, Jacob proved who he was. No good. But what? In a moment, God got him desperate enough and he broke him and he turned him into a prince having power with God, Israel. Amen. That woman at the well. You talk about a shameful woman, a broken life, five divorces, now living common law, compounding the problem. And she walks away testifying. Testifying her shame gone. Life situations nothing mattered. Why? Grace. Grace reached down. I must needs go by Samaria. That's it, church. Don't let grace be defined by what you say, right? Amen. Grace is it's it's unmmerited favor. That's what we have to remember. It isn't deserving. So therefore, it can work in anybody's life. Some of us think we're a little more deserving than others. We're all undeserving. Amen. It's grace that brings us there. It's up to God to determine how far that grace will go. And let me tell you, you look in the word, you see people that were way beyond what anybody thought they could do. And the grace of God reached down and plucked them out. He's my chosen vessel. He's my chosen vessel. Amen. Satan's attack is to try and get you to the place where you're scared that God won't keep his word. Whether you doubt it's true, whether you doubt it's for you, it doesn't matter. His weapon is doubt. It's unbelief to produce fear. And that's a battle of our mind. We know this. It's the greatest battle ever fought. Amen. And you can't defeat the mind with the mind. Doesn't work that way. Amen. You need a revelation in your soul to defeat what is happening in Satan in your mind. Paul would say this. He says, "For though we walk in the flesh, we do not war after the flesh. For the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God." Mighty through whom? God. Ain't me going to win it. Not the strength of this hand that's going to hold it. Mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds, casting down imaginations and every high thing that exaltth itself against the knowledge of God and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ. What was the obedience of Christ? It is written. It is written. It is written. Amen. The word was subject to the word. Amen. He made himself subject to it because that's what he was. And if we come from him, we are the word made flesh, the same as he is. And so we must subject ourselves to the same thing. Paul says, "Casting down imaginations," that means casting down thoughts and ideas. That tells us where our battle is. It's in our mind. Amen. That's the greatest battle ever fought. Brother Bram told us. Now, Brother Brandham, this is in I think the message greatest battle ever fought. Yes. He He's speaking about Satan tempting Jesus. Now, listen to this. He says Jesus was the word of God and he Satan attacked the word in the beginning was the word. The word was with God. The word was God and the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. He said Jesus was the word. And what did he do? He cut him to ribbons. He says so with the word he cut Satan on his wild attack. He flew in there like a bunch of stormtroopers flew in on Jesus. The word like that. Isn't that the way it happens? See what happens is you see one person, one thought, one idea, but what happens is there's a barrage that comes behind it. You listen to that one, what happens behind is a bunch of others. I was talking to my dad uh today and uh and uh I was saying, you know, the the thing I was looking out my window downstairs. And I said, "The most the most resilient and powerful thing on this world is a dandelion because I just mowed the lawn yesterday and I look outside and they're grown three inches since yesterday." Well, they didn't really grow three inches. What they did was they they what? They ducked the blade. The blade hit them, but they got that sliminess to them where it just goes over and they spring up. And where yesterday there was none, today there are thousands. What is it? They come in like a storm of paratroopers of stormtroopers. They just what? They just come in and there went the lawn lawn. If you've seen my front lawn, you know it's a lawn. It's not an actual lawn like brother Mark would have or brother Bob. And then it's mostly clover and dust. But now it's clover and dust and mostly dandelions. But that's how he comes in. He comes in and where there was one, now there are many. And it it just feels like you're overwhelmed sometimes, right? He says, "What?" Jesus took that word and sliced him to pieces. He says, "Hallelujah. Sure." He sliced him to pieces. Defeated him with the word. He said, "See Satan's attack." His attack is what? Disbelieve God's word. That's his attack. There, can you see the greatest battle was ever fought? There are only two forces, Satan and God. And what is Satan's weapon against you? is to try to get you to disbelieve your weapon. He says he disarms you. If he can get you to disbelieve your weapon is equivalent, if he gets you to believe that your weapon is not strong enough, he has disarmed you. In other words, if he can make you think that you brought a knife to a gunfight, he wins. He says he's disarmed you when he gets you to disbelieve that weapon. When you lay that down, that finishes your fight. You're done. He says, "Hold that weapon. Don't you lay it down." But Paul told us to cast down imaginations. How do we cast down imaginations? We can't cast it down with this natural mind. We've got to take on a new mind. The mind of Christ that takes the word and says, "It is written. It is written. It is written." And that comes from a revelation in your heart, not from just listening to what the preacher said. It's got to sink down into your soul. Amen. It's got to come from a revelation that you are sealed to the day of your full redemption. That you come from God. That you are going back to God. That you are engraved in the palms of his hands. That he can't lose you. That you belong to him. That you do not belong to Satan. And therefore, Satan has no right to set up shop. That's it. The revelation has to come from your position in Christ as a son, as a daughter of God. Amen. And when you have a revelation in you of Christ, the hope of glory, it settles you down. Amen. And that's when you know that he loves you and you love him and faith rises from that. Church, Moses was taught that he was a deliverer all of his life. But it took a personal revelation by a personal experience with a burning bush with the I am that everyone had been telling him about. That's what it took. Young people, you got to know you're a child of God. Not cuz mommy tells you, not cuz daddy tells you, not cuz the preacher tells you, not cuz the pastor tells you, but because you have a experience with a living Christ that has changed your life. Cuz there's going to be one day when daddy's not here, mommy's not here, the pastor's not here, the ministry is not here, and you got to stand on your own two feet and say, "I am a child of God." And Satan, you have no right here. You've got to leave. When you can look at what you used to be and you look at where you are today and it matches up with the word, you can say, "He loves me. He loves me enough to not leave me in my condition." Amen. Amen. That that famous saying, "I'm not what I used to be. I'm not what I ought to be." No. Want to be, but thank God. However it goes. I'm not what I used to be. I'm not what I There you go. what brother Bob said, you take the mic. I mess it up every time I try this. I I just I need not do it anymore. Amen. Amen. But when you know that almighty God loves you, he loves you enough to come down and put himself inside of you. Clean up your life. Amen. Change your desires, make you walk according to his word. That ought to give you confidence. He loves me. Amen. Because I'll tell you, everybody else is trying to bend you to what? What's good for them? He's bending you to what's good for you by his word. Amen. When you know he loves you, then you can have faith in his word. And more to the point, you can have faith that his word is for you. See, faith has to become personal. When we read the great faith chapter of Hebrews 11, Abraham's faith was not for everybody else. Abraham's faith was for Abraham. It meant he had to keep himself in the word by his faith. It makes it personal. The faith that we're talking about, the perfect love, makes these things personal. Amen. Not some great sign or wonder, not some vision, not some dream, but it is a personal experience with God that he has filled you with his love by his spirit. Brother Bram says it this way. Everybody wouldn't have gifts. Jesus brought it down to a place where those who do not have gifts, that do not have very much faith, could just say, "It is written." He says, "There it is." And then stand right on that. Jesus said that the word of God is a seed that a swer swed and every word of God, every promise of God will bring forth of its kind. But what do you have to do? You have to sew it. You have to speak it. Don't just think it. Amen. It is only a thought. It is when a word is spoken that it has power. A thought is spoken, it becomes word. You got to speak to your situation. You got to speak to your flesh. Speak it. You're going to feel funny the first time you do it if you haven't done it. But you got to speak to your mountain. Notice Jesus didn't say think to your mountain. He said speak to your mountain. Speak. There's power in the spoken word when it comes in alignment with the actual word of God. He says, listen, not everyone's going to have gifts. There's a gift of faith. Not everyone's going to have that kind of a gift. Not everyone has a gift of healing, tongues, dreams, interpretation, all these things. Those are faith boosters many times. We ain't all going to have that. But he says he what he brought us to even those of us that have that don't have very much faith could say it is written and so the word by our voice and it'll produce what it said. Church, you may be the weakest Christian. Feel like you're the weakest Christian here this evening. That has not one thing to do with it. The power is not of you. The power is in the word. All you got to do is take it and put it on your lips. Amen. You might not feel like you're much of a winner, much of a fighter. But let me tell you, when he wrote your name into the Lamb's Book of Life, that's when you became a winner. You became the elite. One in a million. That's what you became. Amen. When your name was written in the Lamb's Book of Life, you are the most You are part of the most elite group that has ever walked the face of this earth. You look around today, people that are elite because of their athleticism. You look at Conor McDavid going to play for the Stanley Cup tonight. Wow. Phenomenal player. But guess what? There's a day where he's not going to have any speed. He's not going to have any hands. Hands meaning stick handling, shooting. What? He's going to get old. The glory is going to fade. people that are known for their great beauty, beautiful body, muscles, whatever it is, intellect, all these things, it fades, goes away, and they will fall out of the elite because it wasn't lasting. They themselves will lose purpose, so many of them, because they're no longer what made them important. But what you have inside of you will make you more and more rather than less and less because it's taking you to a greater than what you are today. It's taking in a greater satisfaction. Amen. But when you're the chosen of God, your looks don't matter. Praise the Lord. Droopy, lumpy eye or not, doesn't matter. Your job doesn't matter. How much money you have or don't have in the bank, what kind of vehicle you drive, how big your house is, how much you weigh, doesn't matter. Has nothing to do with it. What matters is that your name is written in the Lamb's Book of Life. It's the only thing that counts. Amen. Why? Cuz you've already made it. You're already guaranteed and you're just walking through. As I've quoted brother brother Hank Snow so many times, he says, "Listen, the video's already been shot. You just got to play the movie. You just got to walk through the script. That's all that's left to us." Amen. You're already perfected in Christ. You're already seated in heavenly places. Eternally speaking, you're already a finished work. You're just in this little dip of time. And you come out of that and it'll be as if it never happened. Every tear wiped away, no scars, nothing. Perfect rest. How do we get to that place, church? There's only one way. Take God at his word. Literally, that's all. It's almost all we ought to preach. Take God at his word. Because that's all you see throughout the Bible is take God at his word. When he tells you to do something, do it. When he says he'll do it, trust him. Act on it. And that's it. and just go forward. Take on at his word. Amen. Feed on the word of God. Hear it. Sing it. Read it. Listen to it. Repeat it back. You got to feed on it. It's the only way faith comes. It's the only way the reality comes is you got to become one with the word. We've got to get serious with it. That's for sure. Brother says it this way. He says, "And therefore," he says, "we don't look at what we see. We look at those things we do not see, but what God says in the heart." He says, "If we could pay attention to those things, how much more by divine healing, if God made the promise and it anchors in the heart, well, what good do we need intellectuality anymore?" He says, "I don't look at my affliction. I don't look at my symptoms. I look at what God said about it because after all, he is the boss and the supreme boss." He says, "Now, if you try and bluff it, it won't work. If you try and reason it in your mind, say, "Yes, God's word is right. I believe that. I believe it will come to pass. I think that." He says, "Now, if that's intellectually, you might as well just stop thinking it." But he says, "Until something comes down on the inside of you that just says it so, and that's all there is to it, there's not enough demons out of torment could ever shake it from you. There's something on the inside called the heart, and that's where real faith find its resting place." He says, "Intellectuals will try to reason about it." Now, let's just be reasonable. He says, "But faith has no reasoning." He says, "It just says one thing, and that's God's word is right." He says, "Oh, there's where the soul sets its feet and rests eternally right there, for God said so." He says, "Not a bluff, but knowing it." I think too often we know it intellectually. Why? Because we can repeat it back. If we can't repeat it, it makes me wonder if we even are a part of it. Church, we need to have a word reason for the decisions we make, the way we're living the life, the way we're spending our time, the way we're spending our money, the way we're offering our gifts and abilities. We ought to be able to go right back to the word and say, "This is why I'm doing what I'm doing today." We ought to be able to do that. Because if we don't, what are we doing? We're resting on how we feel about things and resting on the fact that we're a Christian and therefore our feelings are correct. It ain't. They're not. They're not. Your feelings may or may not be correct. You need to take your life back to the word and say, "This is why I'm doing what I'm doing." Amen. My sister Alena talks about her healing from stage four cancer and she said I had to feed on the word day and night. She said I put everything else out of my life. Why? Life got serious and so she got more serious. Listen, she's a wonderful Christian, Holy Ghostfilled woman, no doubt about it in my life. But she got more serious and she says, "I'll only feed on the thing that gives me faith and I'll put everything else aside." Amen. In her sickness, in her hardship, she turned completely to the word. And that word brought faith to her and made the word personal to her. Amen. She said, "I had to believe that it was by his stripes Atlanta butts is healed, not everyone else. It had to be a personal revelation to her. Jesus said, "We don't live by bread, by food alone." He says, "But we live by every word that proceeds out of the mouth of God." We live by the word. It's our life. It's our sustaining portion. It's our satisfaction. He says it this way. He says, "That's the way it is with divine healing. When you see the working of the Holy Spirit, the word laid on and the Holy Spirit anointing that word and proving it that he is here in our midst to vindicate himself and to give you the promise." He says, "Then you accept your healing. If there's sin in your life, get it out. If there's condemnation, get it out. If there's doubt, get it out." What? How much? How extreme do we get, brother John? Brother Bram says, "Until you can see perfectly that it's God's will, it's God's plan, and you're included in that." and then say sickness in the name of Jesus Christ get away from me. You got to come to the place where you know it's not just true, it's true for you. It's true for me. It's personal. It's real. Question is, will we get that serious? Will we get that extreme? Let me tell you, church, it's going to take extreme Christianity to get us out of here where it's the word and nothing else. He says, remember, you might not feel any better for a week, but as soon as you said that word, something happened. God has to keep his word. That sickness shakes and he begins to turn loose. He'll go if you'll just believe it. Don't doubt. Like Peter walking on the water, he said, "Why did you doubt? Oh, ye of little faith." He says, "Just because he was sinking, that had nothing to do with it." He could have kept walking. The fact that he was sinking did not mean he was going to sink all the way. But he got his eyes on the situation instead of what Jesus told him to do. He could have stepped back up on that water if he just turned back to Christ. But he didn't. Jesus had to come grab him. He said Christ had commanded him and his word was enough. He says that's the way we should think it too. Let me ask you this. What word is keeping you alive today? What is the word that you've read that you've heard since we had service on Sunday that's keeping you alive? I hope you have more than what I gave you. Or I hope you're at least chewing on what we gave you. That's okay as well. But we've got to have something to live by. We've got to have something to breathe by. Amen. Listen, uh Instagram reels and and Facebook stories ain't going to keep you alive. Movies won't keep you alive. Other books won't keep you alive. Your job won't keep you alive. School won't keep you alive. It takes the word to keep a believer alive and strong and victorious. That's the only thing that'll work. Amen. Profitable business won't do it, brothers. You got to have Christ in your life daily feeding you by his word. That's the only thing that keeps us in his line and in his will. Amen. Why? Because otherwise we end up feeding at the wrong table and then we wonder why our Christian life suffers and why our faith is weak. It's because we've been feeding on the wrong thing or not feeding at all as the case may be. But when we've been feeding on that bread of life, when we've been focused on staying in the line of duty and our kingdom purpose about the father's business, amen, there's a confidence that comes with our day-to-day walk. There's a confidence that comes with what we're doing. Amen. Why? Because God backs up his word. He's not here to back me up. He's here to back up his word. And so, I have to find his word and stay in it. That's when I can have confidence. Amen. Brother Ram says that a man that walks in love walks in life and perfect love casts out fear. He says, "Then if you can take him at his word and not fear a bit about it, say,"Lord, I love you. I know you're going to answer because you promised me you would, and I just know you're going to do it." See, he says it takes away fear. What? If you're walking in his will, you can have perfect faith that he's going to step into your situation. So the prayer should not be Lord take it away. The question should be Lord am I in your will. Am I in the line of duty? Because remember we're ordained to good works. We're here for purpose. We're here to produce fruit that lasts. What fruit are we producing and is it lasting? That'll tell us where we're at. Remember how brother Brandham talked about he's talk you know we're talking about this idea a man that walks in love walks in life and there's no fear in it. Remember how he talked he was in his backyard he had his shirt off hot day and he was running around the yard just mowing as fast as he could mow and he knocked the fence where the hornets nest was and they came out mad. Amen. And brother Brandham said in that moment he says a love came down over me and what did he do church? Thus sayeth the Lord, you horrible hornets. Go. No. He says, "A love came over me and he apologized." Apologized. Amen. He explained to them why he was in a hurry. He was in a hurry because people were coming to be prayed for and he had so little time in his life to get stuff done. And he was just zipping around with his lawn mower. And he said, "Now I'm doing this because I'm about the Lord's business." He says, "And he says, I've got no shirt on." He says, "These things are huge. One of one of them, one sting will put a man in a hospital, right?" And what did he do? Raise his hand. I am the mighty prophet of the seventh church age. No, he apologized. What was it? It wasn't brother Brandham's love. Wasn't brother Bram's authority. It was perfect love came down. Amen. Not authoritarian love. His authority went to one thing. Settling them down and putting them back in their condition where they were at rest. It was not demanding. It was not waving his fist at them. There's not thunderbolts and lightning. It was perfect love. He didn't bind them. He loved them. Big difference. At the end of that story, he says, "What is it?" He says, "Love conquers all things. Love the Lord with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your mind, with all your strength." He says, "And faith will accompany that love." What kind of faith? Faith to do the right thing to get the right results. He wasn't there to lord his power over those hornets. They were just doing what hornets do. church. We walk around this earth and guess what? People do what people are going to do. You've got to bind them by love, not by just this authority. That's the way that God works. Amen. Then he would tell her that story. Now, he's talking about perfect love. He talks about that story where he stepped into the field where the bull had killed a man before. This was a killer bull. And once again, he's on the Lord's business. What happened was he forgot about the bull and he stepped into the field and he was halfway through. Can't get to safety and he sees the bull. But what's he doing? He's headed over to pray for somebody and he took a shortcut. And so he steps in, but he's on the Lord's business. He says, "And I thought that animal," he says, "Oh, I'm so sorry that I disturbed you." I said, "I don't want you to kill me. I'm the servant of God, and I'm on my road to pray for some sick people, and I forgot about those signs." He said, "I was talking to him just as I am now." Not this big, bold, loud, demanding. He says, 'I was talking to him just like I'm talking to you now. He says, there was something another that had happened. I wasn't scared of him. I was no more afraid of that bull than I would be my brother. But he says that's where the churches, you're always scared, it's not going to happen. He says that's the reason it doesn't happen. Love casts out fear. And when you have love, fear is gone. But as long as you have fear, love cannot operate. Amen. So when we question God, what are we doing? for questioning his love because as we read last sermon, his love is that all things work together for good. And if we disbelieve him, we disbelieve his love and we forget or we doubt he loves us. All of a sudden, we step out from under his protection, his benefits, and all of a sudden we're left naked. And what am I going to do? He says, when the bull made his charge to come to me, he came within about 10 ft. Then he stopped and threw his front feet out and he looked so depleted as he looked this way and that and he turned and went right back around and laid down over there where he got up at. He says, "And I walked across the field, went out of the pasture." He just laid there and looked at me. He says it was love that took that fear away and God saw me through. He says, "Now after I got out of the pasture and that left me, then I just shook like a leaf. But while I was in the presence of him, that fear had left." What adrenaline hits the reality? I almost lost my life. But you notice brother Brandham didn't sit there screaming internally, "God, why did you put me in this situation? God, why am I about to die? You called me to pray for this person and then you put me in danger." He never prayed that. No. Why me? Funny. I was talking to somebody after service last after last service and they said, you know, a certain thing happened and I said, why me? The answer came back, well, who else would you have me put it on? Right? I'm not going to say, Lord, don't give it to me. Give it to my brother Matt over there. Lord, give it to some unbeliever. Because really, we wouldn't do that. I don't think I don't think we'd ever say, "Lord, take my suffering and give it to somebody else. He gives us what we're able to handle." As we read last service, it's his grace. You found favor when he puts you in those situations. Amen. Brother Brandham didn't sit there and say, "God, why me?" He didn't jump out with this bold, authoritarian, loud shout to the bull. He said, "Something came over me." And what did he do? He apologized and he said, "But I've got to continue my way." He says, "Isn't that bold charged?" And then he went and laid down. I love how he says he looks so depleted. He didn't know what happened. Church, what happened there? Authority? No. Perfect love. What did he do, church? He restored the bull to his undisturbed condition. Brother Brham didn't take authority over him. He gave him grace to go back to what he was before. Brother Brandham knocked him out of his revery. That's what perfect love will do. It'll set them back to the way they were. Amen. He wasn't trying to dominate that killer bull. Amen. He was setting that bull free from its own instincts. You think about that. You talk about power to control nature, not to make it do what you want, but to put it back to the peace it was supposed to have in the first place. That's what perfect love did. But it brings us back to the question, am I walking in the will of God? That's where you'll find so much of this comes down is, am I walking in the will of God? Am I living according to his plan, his purpose? Is my time being spent in his service? Is my money being spent in his service? Am I walking in the fullness of what God wants for me? And if we can say we are, we can walk in assurance of the faith that is supposed to come with us, walking in his will. When situations arise, we can stand and say, "Lord, I'm in your will. I'm doing what you've led me to do. I'm standing on your word." And then we can just walk forward trusting him to open up the doors, knock down the walls, remove the barriers, whatever it may be. Mothers, you're faithfully in the line of duty day in and day out. And let me tell you, you can stand there and raise the standard of the word in your house. You can do it. You don't have to wait for a husband to come home. You have to wait for a visitor, a minister to come your way. Amen. You can raise it over your health issues. You can raise it over your children issues. You can raise it over your school issues. You can raise it over your marital issues. You can raise it over the head games that Satan likes to play with you day in and day out. You got power to do that. Amen. Why? Because you're in the line of duty. You're right where he told you to be. You're right where he told you to be. And you can say, "Satan, you have no right here. There's a standard." Brother Bram says, what does he do? He says, what is raising the standard? He says, it's pouring in more of the Holy Spirit, more of God to push out that faith or push out that fear. Amen. You don't have to be a man. You don't have to be a minister. You can raise that yourself. Brother Ram says it this way. We're almost done. Inside of you is a spirit. It's another man. The outside of you is one man. The inside of you is another. So, the inside of you is the supernatural. The outside of you is the physical. See, and this being if you are spirit led by God, you become a messenger of God or an angel. He ain't talking just about himself, church. He's talking about you. He says, if you are spiritled, you become a messenger or an angel of God. God's messenger, God's angel is the very same word. You can't separate it. He says, "And which has the greatest authority? An angel from heaven or an angel at the pulpit?" Which has it? He says, "The angel at the pulpit, Paul said, 'If an angel from heaven comes and preaches any other gospel to you than that which I've already preached, let him be accursed." So the ana the angel anointed with the Holy Spirit and the word stands next to God. You say he's talking about himself. You say he's talking about the five-fold ministry. Uh-uh. He's talking about you. Listen to this. He says, "All power in heavens and earth is given to my hand. Go and I'll go with you. Whatever you bind on earth, I'll bind in heaven. Whatever you loose on earth, I'll loose in heaven." He says, "Oh, if who?" The great holy church only realized its power to do these things. But there's so much doubt and fear and trembling wondering if it will. Could it happen? He says, "As long as that exists, the church can never stand upright." He's trying to get you to see your position, your authority. He said, "And when every talk of fear has vanished, when you stop talking about the whatifs and you start talking about the what will be by the word, he says, and the Holy Spirit is completely in control of the church." He says, "Then all fears are gone and that church has the power." See why? They have everything that heaven owns behind them. They're ambassadors of the throne. Absolutely. He says an ambassador of Christ has the authority and everything that Christ owns belongs to that ambassador. You look at uh these ambassadors that Donald Trump has been sending out. You talk about a hard job. You're going and you're delivering a message that nobody wants to hear. But what do they do? They don't bring their own message. They bring the message they've been given. And when they deliver that message, all of the authority of the United States is behind them. He says, "When you're speaking what he tells you to speak, when you're doing what he tells you to do, you become an ambassador of heaven and every power of heaven is behind you." Then he says, "And he said, go ye into all the world. You are my witnesses after the Holy Ghost has come upon you." He says, "What is a witness? It's an ambassador. It's to come and witness something. The whole powers of heaven are right in your hands." He says, "Oh, why do we set and the church is barren and we set dormant? Is it because we don't recognize these things?" Let's stand if we would. Let me close with one thought. Why do we doubt? Why do we fear? Why do we worry? It's because we either don't realize our position or Satan gets us to forget our position. Amen. We forget we're here with purpose. We're forget we're here to do and be a witness. We're supposed to be witnesses to everybody. Brother Bram says when you're spiritled and you're on his business, you become a witness. He says, "And a witness is an ambassador and you have all the authority of the kingdom behind you." Amen. We forget that God has put us here to do something. I think we forget sometimes because sometimes we're just not doing it. We're not doing what he tells us to do. We literally are doing our own thing. We're going our own way. We're focused on our own things. And so we can't have confidence because we're not doing what he wants us to do. But other times, we're forgetting that what we're doing is exactly what he wants us to do. And the thing is this, a Christian life, remember what Paul equates us to. He equates us to two things. Soldiers and athletes. And if you notice, no two things about them is they do the same thing day in and day out. And sometimes we forget that this mundane life that we live is exactly the witness that we're supposed to be giving. And we forget that just because we're living life, we think, well, that's just life. No, that is your god orained purpose day in and day out. Brothers, what do we do? We get up in the morning. We eat our breakfast. We go out the door. We work. We come home. We play with our kids. We eat supper. We read devotions. We sleep. And we rinse and repeat. You say, "How is that an ambassador?" Because you're spiritled. Where you go, what you say, what you don't say, how you lead your family, the priorities you set, everybody's looking at you. You don't realize it. Everybody's looking at that stable Christian walk that we're supposed to be living. We're ambassadors. And there's all of the authority of heaven behind us when we're doing those simple things. See, we just call it the Christian life, but we're ambassadors from heaven. And he's behind us to what? To prove himself through us day in and day out. Mothers, you wake up, you make breakfast, dress the kids, send them to school, teach them school, occasionally take a shower, and do your hair if you're lucky. Everyone comes home, make meals, clean up, maybe get a bit of a break, go to sleep, rinse and repeat. That's just life. No, that's your ambassadorship. Everyone's looking at you. You don't realize it. Everyone's looking at you and they see the difference between your life and their life, and they wonder, "What is it?" It's because you're ambassadors from another kingdom. And when Satan comes in and tries to interrupt those things, you got a right to say, "I'm in the father's business." You don't have a right to be here. I didn't invite you in and you can speak to that mountain or the molehill, whatever it might be. Young people, you go around, you go to school, you hang out with friends, you ride your bikes, you play your sports, you go play instruments. People are watching you. They watch your respect for authority and your respect for property. They watch what you say and what you do. And let me tell you, you're going to face situations where you got to be able to stand up and say, "Not me. That ain't a part of my life." And Satan's going to try and push his way in. And what happens? Fear's going to rise up. You're going to have to say, "Hey, I'm a child of God. I'm an ambassador from heaven. I'm a witness of a living Jesus Christ." And you got to be able to stand up and say, "Not today, Satan. And not tomorrow if you're looking for there either. I'm a bloodb born again child of God. you're not allowed to be here. And man, it's time we stop thinking, I'm just living life. We're not. We're living Christ. The word's being made flesh. And those simple, mundane, day-to-day tasks are a witness to this world that we've passed from death unto life. We've just become so used to it. I say, "Praise the Lord. We're used to it." But let's not forget that we are ambassadors for heaven in all of these little things that we do. Amen. Remember what we read in Psalms 103 last service. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, forget not all his benefits. Who forgiveth all thine iniquities, who healthth all thy diseases, who redeemth thy life from destruction, and who crowneth thee with loving kindness and tender mercies, who satisfyth thy mouth with good things, so that thy youth is renewed like the eagles. Amen. God bless you. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, how wonderful it is, Lord, to know that we are your children. We are your bride. We are your church. Lord, we are the temple of the Holy Ghost. Lord, we are the word made flesh today. But Lord, we know we've got an enemy. We've got an adversary that's trying to keep our eyes off of these things, Lord. He's trying to stifle that revelation, Lord. He's trying to keep us from acting on what you've revealed to us, Lord. And he does it through doubt, which brings fear. But Lord, we know you're with us. You're in us, Lord. We know what your word says that you're bringing us to that expected end, Lord, of a body change, Lord. That we'll come to a place where you wipe every tear from our eye, Lord, where we'll have a total deliverance, a total victory, Lord, in that great moment as we meet you in the air, Lord. But between now and then, Lord, we've got a road to walk, Lord. And I believe you've ordained us to walk in victory, to walk in peace, to walk in rest, Lord. David said, "Yay, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, Lord. I pray you raise up a spirit of faith in us this evening, Lord, that we would rest assured in what you've said about us, Lord. And if there's any doubt that we're a child of God, Lord, may we settle it here tonight, Lord. We need your spirit more and more, Lord. We need a fresh baptism of your spirit in our lives are refreshing. Lord, we need something that'll keep us alive day in and day out when the sun gets hot. Lord, when the water fails, Lord, something that'll keep us through those dry times. Lord, I pray you'd just help us this evening. Lord, let us look to you. Let us confess your word, Lord. Give us, Lord, a testimony that we can lay hold of. A word that keeps us alive day by day, Lord. Not just service to service, message to message, Lord, but a dayby-day feeding of the bread of life, Lord, that keeps us walking in your will and in your way, each one. Lord, bless us now. We pray in Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. Power of your love. 797. Lord, I come to you. Oh, let my heart be changed, renewed, flowing from the grace that I found in [Music] you. Lord, I come to know the weaknesses I see in me will be stripped away by the power of your love. Hold me close and let your love [Music] sur here and draw me to your [Laughter] side. And as I wait, I'll rise up like the eagle and I will soar with you. Your spirit leads me on by the power of your love. And Lord, unveil my eyes. Let me see you face to face with the knowledge of your love as you live in me. And Lord, renew my mind as your will unfolds. In my life, in living every day by the power of your [Music] love, hold me close and let your light surround me. Oh, bring me near and draw me to your side. And as I wake, I'll rise up like the eagle and I will soar with you. Your spirit leads me on by the power of your love. And Lord, I come to you. Let my heart be changed, renewed, flowing from the grace that I found in you. Hallelujah. And Lord, I come to know the weaknesses I see in me will be stripped away [Music] by the power of your love. Oh, hold me close and let your love surround me. Bring me to your side. And as I wake, I'll rise up like the [Music] eagle and I will soar with you. Your spirit leads me on by the power of your love. So hold me close and let your love surround me. Draw me to your [Music] side. And as I wake, I'll rise up like the [Music] eagle and I will soar with you. Your spirit leads me on by the power of your love. Amen. I like how we read what Paul said. He said, "When you pray, give thanks." says, "Be thankful." Amen. Testify to your situation. If you've laid hold of a promise, testify of what you've laid hold of. Amen. Say, "It is well. God is good. His word is true. And I'm a part of it. It's for me. It's not just for my brother or my sister that got healed, that got delivered, that got saved, that got filled with the Holy Ghost, but it's for me. It's mine. Amen. It belongs to me. We're going to sing that song, The Goodness of God, 1254. And let's praise him. Amen. Let's thank him. Amen. Let's testify of his goodness. Listen, if he's done something for you, it means he's going to do something for you. He didn't start to stop. Amen. That's the way God works. Once he gets moving, there's no stopping. And all he's asking us to do is believe he's moving no matter what. Amen. And it comes from a spirit of praise. The Israelites walked into battle with praise and worship on their lips. And it was testifying to a victory they did not see, but they believed was coming their way. Amen. That's how we get the victory. We testify of the truth of God, of the goodness of God. We look at a book of remembrance and we say, "God, you've done it before. You're going to do it again." and we walk forward in faith. Amen. Let's sing this together. I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails me. And all my days I've been held in your hands. Thank you, Lord. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. And all my life. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. And all my life you have been so so good with every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice and you have led me through the fire in darkest nights. You are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the goodness of God. [Music] All my life you have been faithful. Yes, Lord. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, oh I will sing of the goodness of God. I love you, Lord. For your mercy never fails me. And all my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. And all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] felt led here today while I listen to the service just to come and share a little testimony. Uh last four or five years I've been dealing with a a skin irritation that's been really bothering me near the end of the day gets really bad and it affects how how much I move. I couldn't play much sports with my kids. It just became pretty irritated. I didn't tell many people about it. It's came on slowly and human thinking is I'll just deal with it. But after a while, you get tired of it. And you know, you get tired of the devil beating you down. So the last few months, I really been putting a lot of prayer into this. And it was just a little over two weeks ago before I two days before the special meetings, I was driving home talking to my wife and I said, "I'm just waiting for the Lord to heal me." And through the uh through the special meetings there, you know, I came forward and prayed and that was the thing I got prayed for, one of them. And by God's grace, every single day since then, my skin condition has been getting better. Normally by now it's affecting me. I don't feel a thing. I didn't just hear him tonight. You know, we got to testify to get your complete to finalize it. I couldn't shake it. It don't matter the time frame. God's all we'll step in when it's needed. And I just felt to share that. Thank you. Amen. And prisoners chains. Do we know that one? It's 928. in prisoners chains with bleeding stripes. Paul and Silus prayed that night and in their pain began to sing. Their chains were loosed and they were free. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. Give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. Some midnight hour. If you should find you're in a prison of your mind and reach out and pray. defy those chains and they will fall in Jesus name. And I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. Give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. and some midnight hour. If you should find you're in a prison in your [Music] mind. Reach out in faith. defy those chains and they will fall in Jesus name. And I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. Give you praise. You are the light, the truth, the [Music] way. I bless your name. I bless your name. Amen. We're going to close in a word of prayer. Brother Grant, I'm going to ask you to come and close. We're going to sing Our God is tremendous before we go. 12:55. Amen. And I want to go out with a word of praise on my lips. Amen. I don't want to go out with a sour face or mind that's overcome by doubt and fear. Amen. But I want to talk about the good things of God. Amen. We need to talk about it. It lifts our spirits. Gets us in a right attitude and atmosphere. Amen. Let's sing this just before we go and brother Grant will close. When I'm in need, I call on the Lord and he hears me. Yes, he helps me. He is faithful and true. Won't forget his own. My companion, my best friend, the only true God. There's no one greater or wonderful Savior. Jesus, the lion of Judah. And our God is tremendous. His strength never failth. He'll go through the fire just to save a sinner. Yes, he is almighty. And he sent his angels to guide me. There is no storm too powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed in you and me. came down from his glory and gave us a victory. The greatest love story. When you're in trouble, Jehovah, the great enforcer, God Almighty will fight your battles. Oh yes, he will stand for you. Oh, your victory will come. Not the way you think it should, but by great Jehovah. Just loves a paradox. Just stay in your position. Watch the miraculous come into action. Oh, our God is tremendous. His strength never failing. He'll go through the fire just to save a sinner. Yes, he is almighty. He sent his angels to guide me. And there is no storm too powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory and gave us a victory. The greatest love story. Oh, when you're in trouble, the great enforcer, God Almighty, will fight your battles. Oh yes, he will stand for you. Your victory will come. Not the way you think it should, but by great Jehovah. Just as a paradox, just stay in your position. Watch the miraculous come into action. Oh, our God is tremendous. His strength never failth. He'll go through the fire just to save a sinner. Yes, he is almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. Oh, there is no storm powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory and gave us the victory. The greatest love [Music] story. Oh, our God is tremendous. His strength never failed it. He goes through the fire just to save a sinner. Yes, he is almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. Oh, there is no storm too powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory and gave us a victory. The greatest love story. Came down from his glory and gave us the victory. The greatest love story. Praise God. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Oh God such love that you have demonstrated Lord. Lord God, love, oh God, that will go beyond the boundaries to save, oh God, and to show God, Lord God, your willingness to save your children, oh God, and to reconcile us back to yourself, oh God, we are humble this evening. Hallelujah. To see God that Lord, no matter where we are, Lord, you you'll find us, Lord. And Lord God, you searched, Lord God. Lord, of the scripture said, Lord, you left the splenders of heaven, Lord God, knowing your destiny. Lord, it was to die, Lord God, to bring us back to yourself. Lord God, we're grateful, Lord God, that you are willing, Lord God, to to bring us back, Lord God. And we see, we felt that love, Lord. And we we know, God, it's real. It's real, Lord God. And so God, it gave us such a reassurance, Lord God, that if you're willing to give everything, Lord God, to reconcile us, Lord God, much more than our sicknesses, much more than our failures, much more than our defeat, oh God, stands the perfect love of God. And so God, the greatest we can do this evening, Lord God, is to trust you, Lord, and believe, Lord God, that what you promise, Lord God, we are more than able to bring it to pass. And so this evening, Lord God, as we humble our hearts, Lord God, we we just want to lift for you, Lord. We we just want to be a vessel for you. We just want to be a witness for you, Lord God. Hallelujah. Lord, we want our lives to be, Lord God, such a testimony that someone can see the the love of God radiating through our lives, Lord. Hallelujah. Lives being a living testimony, Lord. And and so God, the greatest we can do, God, is to surrender, Lord God. And Lord God, hallelujah, Jesus. Hallelujah. Jesus. Hallelujah. Lord, we surrender now to you, Lord. Lord as a writer said all to Jesus I surrender all to him I freely give oh God we give you ourself Lord God we give ourselves away to you now Lord oh God that you will come Lord may you bless us Lord God Lord God in this journey of time Lord God as we Lord God as we travel there are so many instances of failure there's so many instances oh God where we feel oh God that we cannot make it but but Lord God when we turn the pages, Lord, and we look, Lord, in the perfect world. And and Lord, we are reassured by your presence, Lord God, that Lord, you never leave us. You never forsake us. Lord God, when we're going through the trials of time, and it seems overwhelmed, Lord God, oh hallelujah, your Holy Spirit, come and whisper the words of love, oh God, that just still love us, Lord. Uh Lord God, and you still care for us. Uh and so God, here we are. Not because we are worthy. Not because we are good. Uh oh God, but because Lord God, we recognize your love. And in our heart, Lord God, we believe, hallelujah, Lord God, that we are called for this. We are called for this journey. We are called as overcomers. Uh and Lord God, another scripture declares we're more than conqueror this evening, Lord. May you bless your people, Lord God. Hallelujah. bless Lord God as we stand for you in this day Lord uh Lord God even if no one Lord God is willing to stand Lord we stand for you Lord and we declare it that our God is not dead but Lord but you alive uh oh God and living in our hearts uh bless your people Lord and Lord whatever the need Lord God uh there is in the hearts of your people this evening Lord God as you promise to be a shepherd a God and a father bless each heaven and every heart this evening Lord Lord uh be your healer, be our provider. Oh hallelujah Lord God be the oh God the shepherd of our lives Lord. Uh Lord God that in all things Lord God we can say surely our God hallelujah has kept us and Lord you have preserved us Lord God we surrender oursel to you now Lord Lord God. And we ask one more time Lord God that you just be with us Lord. Hallelujah. Be with your people Lord. Hallelujah. And Lord God that that at the end of it all Lord uh we can look back Lord God and we can say Lord God surely oh God you have loved us Lord with an unending love Lord. Hallelujah. Lord we can say this evening surely Lord God you have blessed us Lord. Hallelujah. Lord God we ask this evening Lord God even for your man's servant as Lord God he has delivered his soul to your people. Restore his strength Lord God. Hallelujah. And may Lord God you be with them this evening Lord God as we look to you now Lord and we say thank you Lord in Jesus Christ's precious name we pray and we say amen and amen. [Music] Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. in the Lord forever. with every trust in him will find their heart and pray. My home is in the Lord from this side and ever. Oh, my home is in the Lord forever. with every to him will find their My home is in love from [Music] this. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever. The wisdom of the angels for whom the angri only my thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. from this I [Music] ever forever. Ever he sen to offer healing for and all to trust in will find their hearts and my home is in this and ever. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever and I hope is he my forever. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Everything. I see you with faith to overcome my shtory. reality. Something keeps holding me. Keeps holding me. Every day I see his faith. overcome my child. He's shouting to me reality. I think he's holding me.
