################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-22 - 20260121 - Teach Us To Pray Pt 5 - Effective Prayer - Bro Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-22
Title:    20260121 - Teach Us To Pray Pt 5 - Effective Prayer - Bro Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 2h 32m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nrAtXbPs774
========================================

Description:
Quotes and Scriptures https://drive.google.com/file/d/17z8XrZfegAFJPh5evWLkAIxc9gTcsl5W/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. life now be a stand consecrated Lord to thee that I might be what I was born to be. For I was born to be a dwelling place, a home for the presence of the Lord. So let my life now be consecrated Lord to thee that I might be what I was born to be. For I was born to be a dwelling place, a home for the presence of the Lord. Oh, let my life now be consecrated, Lord, to thee, that I might be what I was born. One more time. For I was born to be a dwelling place. I hope for the presence of the Lord. Oh, let my life now be consecrated, Lord, to thee, that I might be, what I was born to be. Amen. I want to greet everybody here this evening. Good to be in the house of God. Some prayer requests that have been mentioned. Sister Nadine, we want to continue to keep her in prayer that she can uh get back to work and just get over this uh this accident and everything that came with it. We want to pray for uh I believe Sister Becky is home uh this evening. Uh also uh Sister Moren uh home not feeling well. Want to grace her. Pray grace to her. Um, Brother Chad, we just want to continue to keep him in prayer and uh just so so thankful for what God's done in his life. For brother Dale, we just continue to be amazed with the I guess we shouldn't be amazed, but the testimonies of Brother Dale, it's just so so good to hear uh how he's doing and just the testimony that's come from uh all of that. So just pray that he continues to recover and uh be a light for Sher Lynn Piery, saints around the island, people traveling, those not here this evening, uh sister Cordella, also brother Nelson Jr. Uh brother Nelson Guy Jr. want to pray grace to him. Also for brother John as he comes with the word. Let's sing that one. Uh 1180 freely freely. And uh I'll ask brother Mark if you can open a word of prayer. God forgave my sin in Jesus name. I've been born again. in Jesus name. And in Jesus name, I come to you to share his love as he told me to. Freely freely you have received freely freely give my help us and go in might and because You believe others will know that the chorus again. Sing the chorus again. Freely freely. You have received freely. freely give and go in my name. And because you believe others will know that I live. All power is given in Jesus name. in earth and heaven. In Jesus name. And in Jesus name. I come to you to share his power as he told me to. Have freely freely you have received freely. Freely give month and go in my name. And because you believe then others will know that I live among. Amen. Let's pray. Freely freely we have received. Amen. And freely freely give. We just thank you Lord that you Lord have come into our presence once more Lord and has anointed each one that has Lord just made us ready Lord in this hour Lord we see so many things changing and we see Lord that the promise of the rapture and the change of the body and all those things Lord are upon us and Lord we know that its time has come and we see all the signs We just look at it spiritually and know that it's you working upon the earth and upon the people and getting it ready Lord for the bride the elect to leave this hour move to the next phase in Israel. So we're thankful Lord that you Lord has given us revelation in this hour Lord that we can lift up our hands Lord and see Lord the things that have taken place and only Lord the barite has been revealing these things. So we're thankful Lord to be counted in that number. So we pray you bless us Lord and bless Lord the words that comes forth today John and we just ask with your grace Lord to be with each one Lord that we just give you the preeminence Lord in this next few hours Lord and we just pray for all the needs once more Lord and those that couldn't make it today those who are feeling well and we just pray your grace Lord upon each one Lord and we just pray that you would just be with us in us and may Lord you take complete control of every soul. We pray in Jesus' name. Amen. Sing number 1075. I've been redeemed. Just a couple quick announcements. There's a prayer meeting this Saturday at 7 p.m. here at the church and also a business business meeting uh tomorrow evening at uh 7 p.m. I'm sorry. And two other things. Um Mrs. James. Uh Luke James's mother is uh we just need to pray for her. She's 88 now and she's going through some anxiety and just been a real change in her um I guess her personality. Uh brother Matt was telling me and just want to pray for her. Uh whatever's going on there and also for brother Bob his hip is bothering him. So just want to pray for him for that. Amen. And I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. I've been redeemed by blood of the lamb. Saved and sanctified. I am. All my sins are washed away. I've been redeemed. And that's not all. There's more besides and that's not all. There's more besides and that's not all there's for besides. I've been to the river and I've been baptized. All my sins are under the blood. I've been redeemed. You can talk about me. All that you please. You could talk about me all that you please. You could talk about me all that you please. I'll talk about you down on my knees. All my sins are under the blood. I've been redeemed. I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Saved and sanctified I am. All my sins are under the blood. I've been redeemed. And that's not all. There's more besides. And that's not all. There's more besides and that's not all there's more besides. I've been to the river and I've been baptized. All my sins are under the blood. I've been redeemed. You can talk about me. All that you please. You can talk about me. All that you please. You can talk about me all that you please. I'll talk about you down on my knees. All my sins are under the blood. I've been redeemed. I've been redeemed, man. Thank you, Lord. I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. saved and sanctified I am. All my sins are under the blood. I've been redeemed. Amen. Listen number uh 551. When he reached down his hand for me. Once my soul was astray from the heavenly way and was red, ched, and file as could be by my s. Far above gave me peace, joy and love when he reach down his hand. I thank you Lord when he reached down his hand for me. And he reach down in sand for me. I was lost and undone without God or his son. And he reached down his hand for my and I was near in despair when he came to me there. And he showed me that I could be free. Then he laid to my feet glory complete and he reached. Thank you Lord. down his hand for me. ready down his hand for me. When he reached down his hand for me. I was lost and undone without God or his son. When he reaches down his hand for me, oh how my heart do rejoice. Since I made my choice from the ter best to him, now I plead. Now I lean on his arms. not secure from all harm since he reach down his hand. Oh my Lord. Oh, and he reached down his hand for me. And he reached down his hand for me. I was lost and undone without God for his son. May he reach down his hand before. And since my Lord gave me peace, heaven may joe. Guide my feet. Hold my hand. will deep I may stand for you reach down your hand for me. Thank you Lord for when he reaches down his hand for thee. And he reached down his hand for me. I was lost and undone without God for his son when he reached out his hand. Oh me, my name and I was near in despair. Thank you, Lord, when he came to me there. And he showed me that I could be free. And he lived to my feet. Gave me glory complete. and he reached down his hand for me. When he reached down his hand for me when he reached out his hand for me. I was lost and undone without God for his son. Let's sing a 1930 I shall forever. Let's stand. Amazing grace shall always be my song of praise. For it was great that bought my liberty. I do not know just why he came to love me so when he looked beyond my fault and saw my need. I shall forever lift my eyes to Calary till you the cross where Jesus died for me. How my the grace that caused my falling soul mine. Thank you Lord when he looked beyond my fall and saw my knees in my glory. Redeeing blood my Savior shed for me that day to restore me back &gt;&gt; to where I used to be. became my seed so I could become his rightous man. Let it look beyond my fault and all my need. I shall forever live my night to Calary till the cross where Jesus died for me. How my the grace that calms my falling soul. When he looked beyond my fault and saw my glory, redeeming blood, my savior shed for me one day to restore Call me back to where I used to be. My sin. Thank you, Lord. Oh, I could be his rightuousness when he looked beyond my fault and saw my knees. I shall forever live my life to Calary my till you the cross where Jesus died for me. How my the last the grace that called my falling soul when he looked on my faults and saw my knees. Amazing grace. Lord your name. Thank you Lord. my song of grace. for it was grace that falls my I know just how he came to love me so when Looking beyond my fault and my shall forever my eyes to Calary till you the cross where Jesus died for me. How my the last the grace that comes my falling soul when he looks beyond my soul. Amen. Let's sing 581 as the deer. And as the deer panteth for the water so my soul longeth after thee. You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit. You alone are my heart desire and I long to worship thee. You're my friend and you are my brother even though you are a king. I want you more than any other so much more than anything. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit. You alone are my heart's desire and I want you to worship me. I want you more than gold or silver only you can satisfy. You alone not a real joy giver and me of my hand. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone just my spirit. You alone now my heart desire and I long to worship me. You're my friend and you are my brother even though you are a king. I want you more than any other so much more than anything. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit. You alone are my hearts desire and I long to worship him. as a dear fantaste. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone took my spirit. You alone are my heart. desire and I long to worship me. And I want you more than gold or silver only you can satisfy. You alone are the real joy giver and the apple of my eyes. You alone are my strength, my sheep. To you alone my spirit. You alone are my heart. Desire and I long to worship me. Let's sing. Uh number 1245. I came to worship you. I came to worship you. I came to sing your praise. I came to love you Lord. Your holy name you reign. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, how I worship you. You are my Lord and I came to worship you. I came to sing your praise. I came to love you Lord. Your holy name to raise. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord, how I worship you. You are my Lord. Yes, Lord. We've come in to worship and thank you, heavenly father, Lord. And we want to thank you from the bottom of our hearts, Lord, for your grace that's kept us through another few days, Lord. for a grace that brings us into your presence, Lord, for a grace that brings you to an open word, Lord, that's changing us into your glorious image, heavenly father. Lord, we're thankful this evening for this people, this place you've provided, Lord, and we're asking you once again to just move in our midst, heavenly father. You said if we gather in your name, you'd be in the midst, Lord. So, here we are just looking to you and trusting you, Lord God. Praying that you would just speak, Lord, to each heart and soul, each life that's here, Lord God. You know their needs, Lord, better than anyone. No, even better than we know ourselves, Lord. You know the real needs that are in our lives. So, we ask you to speak, Lord, once again, Lord, minister. You're the great shepherd, Lord. This is your flock, Lord. I pray you feed them the the word of eternal life, the bread of eternal life here tonight. We ask in Jesus Christ's name we pray it. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Turn if you would to James chapter 5. James chapter 5. Amen. Just a few announcements and updates. As brother Joe mentioned, we've got prayer meeting on Saturday. So, just so you know, this time we'll have it in the fellowship hall and we're going to set it up in a circle so that we can all hear each other and we know what's being said and done there as opposed to we've had some feedback and I certainly noticed it. You can't hear everybody, you know, during the prayer meeting and whatnot. So, we're going to go in there and we'll sit on the couches and the chairs and and it'll be a wonderful time, Lord willing. We'll also be having Easter meetings this year, Lord willing, again, April 3rd through 5th. And I'm in contract negotiations with brother Kyrie digs. So I spoke to him on uh Tuesday and he said yes. Uh brother Barry Coffee had reintroduced me to him and said you need to go up and preach for those people and they'd like to have you Easter. So he held his Easter open. So Lord willing as long as it works out he's he's available as long as everything else works out we'll have brother Kyrie Digs come up and preach for us on the uh Easter uh weekend. So really looking forward to that. We also have our business meeting coming up on Thursday at 7 o'clock. And uh I just wanted to I know I shared with many of you on the the WhatsApp chat for the church, but just brother Dale Walsher's blood results came back and he his uh his uh his blood the levels of the cancer PS what PSA is uh is down to about 40 which is way higher than it should be but it's way better than it used to be. So we're just trusting that things are moving in the right direction. Amen. That the Lord is giving him a healing touch there. Uh my wife ran into or not she didn't run into her but she met up with Cherylyn Piery on a walk and she is done work now. So she's basically just slowly reducing her life to the ver the bare minimum. Uh she can't do anything that's highly repetitive. It agitates the scaraderma. So really except the Lord touches her she's kind of pulled away now and there's not much left. So we pray the Lord's grace to her. I had a real burden for her as I was driving away. I met them as I was leaving for work and and so I just greeted her. But what she needs is a revelation that there's a healer. Amen. And I believe God can do a wonderful thing in her body and in her life. So just remember her in prayer if you would. That's a real burden that's on my heart for her that she would see the salvation of the Lord truly in a in a in a reality that she's never even perhaps believed in before. Amen. God bless you. James chapter 5 and 16 says this. Confess your faults one to another and pray for one another that ye may be healed. And then he says these wonderful words, the effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man avaleth much. Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats tonight. And I want to continue our series on prayer that we've been doing. And and I want to take a a subtitle this evening of effective prayer. And I think if I was to ask for a show of hands, I won't. But if I was to ask for a show of hands, how many of us want to have an effective prayer life? I would say all of our hands would go up. Amen. But we can get in this mindset that we read uh certain scriptures and we we hear certain quotes and we can get into this mindset that if I if I really get down and I really pray and I'm really sincere and I really keep praying, then something's going to happen. And what's going to happen is what I'm praying for. What's happened is going to I'm going to get what I'm asking for. And and we can read scriptures like the ones I'm about to read and we can get ourselves into a mindset and it sets us up perhaps for a false expectation. Listen to these words of Jesus. He said, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that believeth on me. The works that I do shall he do also, and greater works than these shall he do, because I go unto my father. And whatsoever you shall ask in my name, whatsoever anything you ask in my name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son. If you shall ask anything in my name, I will do it." And the church said, "Amen. Amen. That sounds like a wonderful promise." And it is a wonderful promise. Then he would say in John 15, he says, "You have not chosen me, but I've chosen you and ordained you that you should go and bring forth fruit and that your fruit should remain that whatsoever you shall ask of the Father in my name, he may give it to you. Whatsoever you ask. He'll give it to you." John 16:24, "Hitherto have you asked nothing in my name." He says, "Ask and ye shall receive that your joy may be full." And there's tons of scriptures where Jesus would say this. Paul would say it in different places where you can and it seems like if you're a a Christian, if you're a believer, then you can ask whatever you want and you'll get it. If you took those just on on kind of the the flat basis of what's said there, that's what it would seem. And you can see people around this world that have built huge ministries that are successful based on the number of members and the amount of money that they bring in on scriptures like this. And then you take a quote like this one I'm about to read and it seems like we've got all this power to ask whatever we want so we can get whatever we want. Brother Bram says this. He says, "Prayer is the most vital force that God ever put into the hand of mankind." The most effective force that's known to man is prayer. He says, "Do you believe that it is it's prayer that changes things?" that when a prophet of God says something like the most vital uh force and the most effective force, my ears perk up because if there's something I want, it's to be effective. If there's force I want in my life, I want it to be effective force. I want it to be the real deal. Amen. And I pay attention to that because if it's so effective, I want it in my life. The prophet of God says, "You want to have a an effective prayer life, it's supposed to be effective." Amen. I want changing power. I want prayer that changes things. But we've got to put it in the context of what he's talking about. Amen. Prayer. God, brother Brandham would say, prayer is the way to be effective. And I hope we can say tonight, I have an effective prayer life. We ought to be able to say that as believers. Brother Brandham says this. He continues on. He says, "Now, if you ever want to do anything for me that'll please me, you pray for me. That's one thing I want you to do is pray for me because I know prayer changes things." Now, he says these words, "It even changes God's mind about things." changes God's program. He says, "Do you believe that God can pronounce a certain thing? It's going to be just that way." And prayer will change his mind about that. He says, "It has been done." Now, we've got to take that back to the scripture. We can't just take that as a blanket statement across everything. And as far as I know, this is just me. As far as I know, there's only one place in the scripture where you can see God truly changing his mind, or at least what looks like him changing his mind. Amen. There's only one place and that's where God told Hezekiah. He said, "Hezekiah, you're going to die." Hezekiah was a king. And he said, "You're going to die." And then Hezekiah went and he turned his face to the wall and he prayed to God. He said, "God, I want more time." And God sent the prophet back to him and said, "I'll give you another 15 years." And brother Brandon would use that as his example time and time again when he says things like this. So we have to keep it in the context and we have to understand the impact of what happens when we do this as well. Amen. Now listen to this. He says remember when Hezekiah was going to die the prophet went up and told him to get his house in order that Hezekiah turned his face to the wall and wept bitterly before the Lord. He said Lord he walked before him all those years with a perfect heart and he wanted to be spared 15 years and the prophet was gone. But the spirit of the Lord come upon the prophet said go back and tell him I heard his prayer. And after 3 days, he's coming off the bed. He said, "God could have took him off the bed right then, couldn't he?" He says, "Don't you believe that?" He says, "But we have to know God's program and things just how he is." Okay, we're teaching tonight, but we can look at a situation and we can say this situation, we can say, "Well, God said his will was one thing, but Hezekiah was a righteous man." The scripture says he was a righteous man. He prayed earnestly for God to give him f more time. and God said it. See, we can change the the purpose and the plan of God. That's what we can read into that story. But notice how brother Brandham finishes this quote. He says, "But we have to know God's program and things just how he is." In other words, we have to bring this into context of God's program and how that he works. Amen. And there's a key thing to recognize there. And that's really where we want to focus tonight. But let's go back to scripture so we can read this for ourselves and then and then carry it through. In Isaiah 38 says, "In those days was Hezekiah sick unto death. And Isaiah the prophet, the son of Amos came uh Amos came to him and said him unto him, thus sayeth the Lord, set thine house in order, for thou shalt die and not live." That Hezekiah turned his face towards the wall and prayed unto the Lord and said, "Remember now, oh Lord, I beseech thee, how I have walked before thee and truth and with a perfect heart, and have done that which is good in thy sight." And Hezekiah wept sore. Hezekiah really had a crying spell. He says, 'Lord, you look at my life. I've lived a good life. I've lived a righteous life. I've lived by your word. I've lived by your will. What What's up with this? Why am I going to die? I don't deserve to die. Amen. And it says, "Then came the word of the Lord to Isaiah, saying, Go and say to Hezekiah, thus sayeth the Lord, the God of David, thy father, I have heard thy prayer. I have seen thy tears. Behold, I will add unto thy day 15 years." Now, we can look at this and we can say, "See, the prayer of a righteous man changed God's mind." And it did. It changed God's decree. That's for sure. But we have to be so careful here because the question is, why are we trying to change God's mind? Okay, this this is going to be real teaching tonight. But I want you to ask yourself, why in the world would I ever want to change the mind of the almighty, all- knowing, allseeing God who knows the past, the present, and the FUTURE PERFECTLY? WHY WOULD I want to change that that that beings, that person's mind? But yet sometimes we absolutely do. Amen. We look at this and Hezekiah's prayer was not intended to change or or it was intended to change God's God's response, God's answer. And God honored that man's prayer. We might say that he changed his mind and in a way he did because he didn't die right then. But if we look at the result of Hezekiah's answered prayer, we see that Hezekiah living created more problems than Hezekiah dying. Right after the very next chapter, he comes off his bed after three days. A and and what happens is the king of Babylon sends some messengers to Hezekiah. And Hezekiah brings him in and he shows him all of the city of Jerusalem. He shows him all his toys. He shows them all of his treasures. He shows them every good thing that's in the city. And that's not the smartest thing to do. When people invaded countries for less, he showed them everything that they could have wanted. And he said, "Look at what I've got." And Isaiah the prophet comes to Hezekiah as soon as he's done that. He said, "Who was that?" And what did they want? Hezekiah said, "Oh, that was just that was just messengers from the king of Babylon. They were just here to to to bring peace and they just wanted to know how we were doing." And Isaiah said, "Are you nuts?" He said, "Thus sayeth the Lord." He says, "They're going to come back and they're going to take everything you show them, and they're going to put everyone into into slavery." He says, "The only favor, the only grace you have is that you won't be alive when it happens." That's what happened when a man changed the mind of God. Amen. &gt;&gt; The point I'm trying to make here is that our goal should not be in prayer to get our way. &gt;&gt; Amen. Can we say amen to that? Again, the goal is not to get our way. The goal is to find out God's will and plan. &gt;&gt; That's what we're supposed to be doing. Amen. Our goal shouldn't be to get what we want or or to get things going our way. Because like we preached on Sunday, we're sheep. We can't lead ourselves. And if we if we lead ourselves and we insist on our way, then guess what? We can't be in God's way if we're in our way. We can't be in God's will if we're in our will. And so, the purpose of prayer is to bring us there. Hezekiah's prayer was far worse being answered than it was if he just let things go the way that God had said to do it. God knew best. And God was protecting the kingdom from Hezekiah's own nature. Even as a righteous man, God God saw what was coming. You know, the scripture, I want you to catch something here. The scripture, remember, says it's given in one in one place says it's given for our admonition. In other words, it's for us to learn without going through the pain and the suffering and the damage that we would go through otherwise. Amen. Sometimes we we we face tough situations. We we face tough decisions. We we face things that we say we that on the face of it we say that can't be God's will. Hezekiah dying is a good king. He's a good man. Why would he have to die? Amen. But remember sometimes and and what we're looking for is that situation to go away. We want the situation to change. And that's what we would call victory. That's what we would call an answer to prayer. Amen. But too often remember what brother Bram said. He said overcoming means to stand the test. And what we're saying is, "Don't take me through the test. Take the test away. That's not overcoming. That's not victory. That's just ease of life. That's just comfort. That's just pain avoidance." Amen. But too often we're saying, "Lord, take that away." And we think that of victory rather than saying, "God, take me through it without complaining. God, take me through it without losing my faith. God, take me through it without losing my my worship and my praise. God, take me through it without me losing my church attendance. &gt;&gt; Lord, let me go through it without not without without uh not losing the ability to raise my hand or raise my my voice and worship to you. &gt;&gt; Lord, let me go through it without losing my thankfulness. That'll be overcoming. But too often we want to change the situation by prayer rather than have ourselves changed by prayer. Amen. The victory we're needing many times is a right attitude. &gt;&gt; Amen. What did Paul say? He said, "In everything give thanks for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus concerning you." That's an overcomer's attitude. In everything give thanks no matter what happens. Paul would say this about himself. He said, "Not that I speak in respect of want." He says, "For I have learned in whatsoever state I am therewith to be content in whatever state of life, in whatever the conditions are, in whatever my health is, and whether I'm in jail or in a nice hotel, he says, I've learned to be content." He says, "I know both how to be abased." That word means humiliated. I know how to go through humiliation. I know how to abound, to exceed, to have abundance, to have plenty to spare, to be overflowing. So Paul says, I've been humiliated and I've had more than I needed. He says, "Everywhere and in all things, I am instructed both to be full and to be hungry, both to abound and to suffer need." He says, "I can do all things through Christ which strengthens me." Paul did not say, "I can defeat every situation through Christ which strengthens me. He said, "I can go through every situation through Christ which strengthens me." Whether I'm in need, whether I'm in humiliation, whether it's a time of breaking me down, whether it's a time of building me up, whether it's a time where I have lots of needs, whether a time it's I have everything, I need Christ through it all. Because here's the thing, when we have needs, we definitely need Christ, don't we? When we don't have money in the bank, when we don't have health, when things aren't going so well with the business, when I, you know, when school is tough, oh, I need you, Lord, right now. But I'll tell you this, church, you need him more when you have everything because he'll keep you in balance. He'll keep you seeking him. He'll keep you dwelling on him. He'll keep you thankful. He'll keep you centered on your kingdom purpose. It's when we have a lot, we tend to fall away from God. We got to learn to be close to him no matter what. The simple answer is we need Christ no matter what. &gt;&gt; That's for sure. Brother Ram says it this way. He says, "And then we wonder in the scriptures when it's written, all things work together for good to them that love God." Many times, catch this, when maybe the lash of his correction is laying upon us, and we wonder how it could be working for the good, but after it's all over, then we look back and we praise him for it because he knows we do not. We just act obedient to his word and to his chastising. He says he never did chastise us unless we had need of it. He says, "And sometimes we might think that we weren't guilty, but he knows." And he says, "And maybe we are not, but he knows just how to do it to make it all work good." Look at what he says here. He says, "The lash of his correction." And that seems like a harsh statement, but let me tell you something, church. The things we learn in hardship are the lessons we keep forever. You learn something the hard way, you'll never forget it. I've talked about what happened in Texas with the pastor there and how we allowed the the idea that we needed a pastor and we needed a a ministry gift in the church. We allowed that to override the word requirements for a man in that position and we didn't hold him to it. And we paid a very dear price for that. That's a hard lesson to learn, but I've never forgotten it. And it hasn't mattered who it is that wants to be my friend, who it is whose friend I want to be, what kind of gift, what kind of ministry they have. Since that time, by God's grace, I have never allowed a man to raise himself above the word of God. That's a key in the ministry because otherwise you'll come under the influence of men instead of the Holy Spirit. You'll come under the influence of those you want to please in a church in these different things. you you put anything above the word and it will become an idol and it'll have power inside of your life. God knew that I had to learn that. Amen. And so the other thing is is that sometimes God's putting us through what seems a hard time now because the thing is we can't afford to make this mistake down the road. In other words, there's going to come a situation down the road where you've got to have this principle figured out. And so God will drive it in through hardship so that when the time comes, it's not even a question of what you're going to do because you've learned it the hard way. And you say, "Lord, I know exactly what you want me to do here." And we can walk through that and it doesn't have any effect on us. Amen. There's situations coming down the road where you can't afford to learn the lesson the hard way. It have a greater impact. Listen, if I make mistakes now as a husband, as a father, as a preacher, as a pastor, the impact is far wider than when I did it when I was just me alone, as a single young man. See, the further you go in responsibility in the kingdom, the greater the impact of our failures. And so, God has to work hard. Brother Brandham talks about it. He says, you got, you know, God's got to take his man out on the back side of the desert and teach him. And backside the desert's not a fun place to be. But God's trying to teach us lessons so that when we come back and we're into our ministries, we know how to handle certain things and we don't get moved around by the by the winds of society or what people want or expect or these different things. Brother Brown will continue on. He says this, "What a beautiful thing it is just to lay your life in his hands and say, "Here am I, Lord. Just use me now. lead me and guide me and direct me in the way that would be pleasing unto thee. Can we say amen tonight? He says, "And then what do we do? Don't murmur no matter what the path is. Stay with it anyhow and God will work it." All right. He says, "The footsteps of the righteous are ordered by the Lord." He says, "And that scripture is true." Can we say amen again? Lord, let me be yielded. Lord, let me be willing. Let me not murmur when things aren't quite as easy or as fun or as enjoyable as we might want. You know, some of us crave variability. It's not me. Some of us like to have variety all the time. My wife will tell you I can eat the same thing breakfast, lunch, and dinner almost for years. I did it all through university. I've been drinking smoothies for breakfast for 15, 20 years now. I love it. But some people that would drive them crazy. I have a feeling brother Vichael would not want to eat the same thing for breakfast every day. He craves variety and sometimes God puts us in a place where we don't get variety and we say this is no fun and I just got to do the same thing over and over and over again. You know what? That's mostly the Christian walk is that steady straight just doing the right thing over and over and over again. Amen. But you take an evangelist or missionary, those are the guys that get variability. But mom's staying at home, it's pretty straight every day, isn't it? Father's going to work, it's pretty straight every day. It's the same thing that we have to do. But what God has called us to, brother says, don't murmur. No matter what the path is, stay with it anyhow and God will work it all right. You know, I've gone down some pretty strange paths in my mind. And it gets strange when you get into situations and you think, is this really God's will? Because you're going through hard times and you're dealing with tough situations and things aren't maybe going the way you thought they were going to go. We've got to have faith in those moments that he's called me. He's placed me there and he wants me to do it. And I can say this after 16 years away from Newfoundland. I can say this, God knows what he's doing. God knows exactly how to get us where he wants us to be and be be ready for the moment that he's called us to. Amen. That's the only reason I can even think of being your pastor tonight is because God has prepared me especially for those things. But we got to keep him in the first place. And brother Bram says this said God must have first place in your heart. We're talking about effective prayer now. God must have first place in your heart, first place in your life. Notice he's he's not letting us get away with I've got a good heart. It does no good if it stays in here and doesn't come out into our lives. &gt;&gt; Amen. First place in our heart, first place in your life, first place in everything that you do and what you are. God must be first. He doesn't want the second place. He doesn't deserve the second place. He deserves the best and the first. He says, "And all that we've got, he deserves it." Now, catch this. He says, "Oh, we need to seek the will of God." Not the favor of your neighbor, not the favor of your children, not the favor of your husband or your wife. I can say this as a husband and a father. Sometimes the hardest thing to do is make a decision that is going to that your wife doesn't agree with and your children are going to be disappointed in. It's hard to be the bad guy sometimes. A brother says, "You got to seek God's will, not the even the favor of your own family." He says, "But seek the will of God and do that first. Then everything else, the will of the wife, the will of the children will fall right in with it." He says, "But place God first." You know, we look at Balum. Balam was one that that that that had people come to him and wanted him to do something. And he went and he found the will of God. And then he went he kept trying to change the will of God to please the people that were around him. Amen. I like the way that that brother I think it was brother Jason Watkins said it. He says he was a real pro he was a he was a a false he had a real gift in a false vessel. Because in the end what Balam wanted was Balum. He wanted what self wanted. He wanted what this flesh wanted. He didn't want what God wanted. Now remember what happened. The king of Midian sent people. He sent messengers to Balum. He said Balam come. I got a people for you to curse and and they're they're annoying me and they're bothering me and I want you to curse them because if you're a prophet of God and you curse them, they're going to be cursed. Now listen to this. Listen to what brother Brandham says. He says, "Now here was a man who was a prophet of God. And when he was to be hired to come over and curse another people of God, notice he went to seek the will of God." Good, good start. He says, "And he wanted to know his perfect will and God gave him his perfect will in the matter." He says his perfect will was presented to him. What was his will? Don't you go. He says that's God's first word. Don't go with them. Don't you try to attack my people walking in my perfect ways. Church, if you want to know God's will, he'll show you. There's no reason for God not to show you. If you want to know his will, you've got to be able to find it. Amen. Don't settle for anything less than his will, but when you've got it, don't try and push it. Because that's what Balam tried to do. He says, "Now notice here, as a prophet of God, in other words, his position in the kingdom should have kept him from something." He said, "He should not have been caught in such a group as that to begin with." In other words, his job as a prophet is not to take cues from society, from politics, from culture. This has no place in the in the in the life of a prophet. A prophet's job is to get thus sayeth the Lord and repeat it word for word and then go back and wait for another word from God. Amen. A prophet can't be for hire. Money is not part of the dues of a prophet. Remember what Samuel said? He told the people, "Listen, I haven't taken a thing from you." He was showing the path of a true prophet. Amen. But what you hang you you you get caught up in a group like that, they'll drag you if you hang around. My wife and I, I was I was sharing something I'd seen of a of a professing believer on social media today, and I said, "I haven't seen him in a while, but it just seems like, you know, she's she's a certain way now, and it doesn't look right. There's something off there." And she said, "Oh, well, maybe they've gone to this church." Because in that church, the women do things with their hair and they do things with makeup and they do things with their dress. And when she said it, I'm like, "Maybe that's true cuz she looks exactly like the people in that church." She said, "Yeah, I noticed sister so and so has gone there now and now she's trimming her hair and stuff." Why? Cuz the sisters there do it. You get around the wrong group. Watch what happens. You get around a compromising group, it'll turn you into a compromiser. That's what happened with Balum. Absolutely. Amen. He says he shouldn't have gone with them, but watch for popularity sake, for conscience sake, for his wallet's sake. He said, "Well, stay all night and I'll try again." He says, "What do you want to try again for?" God has come down and said, "Balam, who are these people in your house?" Balam invited them in when they offered him something he was not allowed to take as a prophet. He invited trouble into his house. God said, "Baam, who is this?" And Baalam told him who it was and he says, "God, they want to, you know, they want me to go and curse people." God said, "Don't do it." Balam said, "Okay, I'm going to go back again." God said, "If they're there in the morning, you can go." And when he woke up in the morning, they were gone. And what did he do? He chased them down. Amen. But look, he says, "I'm going to try again." He says, "What do you want to try that? What do you want to try again for?" That's something I'll say as a pastor, as a minister, when you're dealing with people and the will of God's made clear by his word and we keep trying to find ways to go around so we can get what we want, that's when I know we've got a soul problem. There's another influence there. And it's not the Holy Spirit that's trying to get us to find a way so we can have our way and still say we're in God's will. It doesn't work that way. When God's given you his will, find it, stay there, and don't move from it. You're better off if you do that. Amen. When God shows us his plan, the best thing we can do is say, "Yes, Lord." And then we keep trucking. Do exactly what he says. You know, let me take it as a personal example tonight. I I've shared this with some of you. When I came to Newfoundland, I I I I made a really good living when I was in British Columbia. My costs were low and my income was high, relatively speaking. We always had money at the end of the month. When I came to Newfoundland, I took a lower salary and then working for where I do, they take a m a big chunk of money out of pension for for pension. And when I got my first paycheck, I started a a complaint with the payroll department because I thought they'd only paid me for one week. That was the difference. And they said, "No, no, you've been paid for your two weeks." And I I called my wife or I told my wife, I said, "We're going to have to trim some things here. The lifestyle changed drastically." And so I'm looking at that and I went from making this much to making this much. Expenses are still there. I still got a family to raise and all these different things. Taxes are higher here and whatnot. So I'm making less and they're taking more. That means I've got to adjust. And the first thing that came to my mind is I said, "I can start flipping things. I can buy things and I can resell them for more than I paid. I'm good at it. I like to do it. I like finding deals. It's something that that that I enjoy doing. But you know what I did? I went and I prayed about it and I said, "Lord, this is what I'm thinking of doing to supplement my income so that we can just get along a little easier here." And you know what God said? Don't do it. He said, "You focus on ministry because you're here for ministry." So, I didn't do that. And you know how much annoyance there is when you see a smoking deal on Facebook Marketplace that just popped up one minute ago and you can go and buy it and you know you can flip it for $5,000 more, but he said don't do it. Now, maybe you don't know that annoyance. For me, that can be very frustrating. Then when you have to buy a car that you weren't planning to buy, you know what the temptation is? Well, I can just make a couple deals so I can get a bit more money so I can more easily afford this new car that I wasn't planning to buy. New to me, which I do. I did buy a car, by the way. I'm going to go to Cornerbrook next week and pick it up by God's grace. But you know how tempting that is to say, listen, the Lord will understand. The Lord doesn't understand. That's not the way he works. Saul said, "The Lord will understand." Amen. Come on now. &gt;&gt; We think the Lord sees my situation. He'll understand if I don't do exactly what I know to do. I'm being your pastor tonight. I'm using my own life as an example. The temptation to do it is so strong because the situation warrants my disobedience. I have a need God will understand. God won't understand and God won't honor it. Bashel's grinning. I must be hitting the point here somehow somewhere. We don't get a pass because the situation is in any way dire or necessary emergency. No, that's when we prove who he is &gt;&gt; by staying right in the channel of his will. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's what we're supposed to do. Listen, he said God already told him what to say. God said, tell him you're not going. That's his original word. I'm not going and you don't go. Don't you curse what I bless. He says, now watch how it backfired on him after a while. He says, see, and it will every time. He says when God says anything, he means it. He doesn't change his mind about it. He stays right with his word. No matter what anyone else says, he stays right with that word. So what's his expectation of us? We stay right with that word. He says, "But yet Balam said, you stay all night and I'll try again." See, he had the word. You don't have to argue anymore about it. God has done said so. But he said with a group like that, they always talk you out of the will of God if you'll let them. Those of us that work with unbelievers and even or I would say especially professing Christians, we have to be so careful of the influence that we allow them to have on us. Because remember, if you hang around a group like that, they'll always talk you out of the will of God. Midionites were related to Moses by marriage. That was his own kin. That was his own kin that was doing this. Amen. You know, I've had I've had brothers in the church ask me, Brother Joe, I would say more than anyone, maybe brother Kingsley a bit. you know, he's asked my opinion on his business affairs based on, you know, my management experience and and having, you know, responsibility for profit and loss and companies and that. And you know, me, I'm always willing to give my opinion, but in the end, you know what I say to him? I say, Joe, in the end, your business is between you and one person, Almighty God. I said, "Because you've done things I don't agree with as a businessman and yet you have succeeded." So I said, 'If God has blessed you by you following his leadership, who am I to tell you to do something different? Amen. I'll give a professional opinion, but that's not going to cut it. What is it? be led by God. Brother Chad, be led by God. Brother Kingsley, be led by God. We can have all of our education, all our training. We can have our franchise telling us what to do. We can have other business leaders telling us what we could do. We can see other people what they're doing and we say, "I should do that." No. Be led of God. Sons of God are led by the spirit of God. Same thing for our jobs. We can be clawing and fighting to get the position, get the promotion, get the pay raise, and you know what God says? Just let me handle that. Brother Marcus said he's never never tried to be promoted in his life. And they kept promoting him, didn't they? I won't say I never tried to be promoted, but God always gave me a promotion. And it was when I saw other people that I felt had worked there longer, had deserved it more, and yet God would grant me grace and favor with people. We don't have to fight for things. Amen. God loves to give us things that we can handle. Amen. One thing I can say though is this. We read it earlier. Brother Bram said, "Give God first place." You give him first place in your business, in your job, in your schooling, in your home, in your marriage, your finances, whatever it might be. You give him first place and he will always take care of you. Always. Always. Amen. Because here's the thing, church. When you go and you have a need now, let's say it's it's in your business, and you say, "Lord, I need more contracts. Lord, I need more work. I got bills to pay and not enough things coming in to pay for it. Now, you've got a foundation to stand on because you say, "Lord, you know my heart and you know my life and they're in alignment. I've given you first place and now I'm asking you to back your word up to provide the needs that I have in my business, in my job, in my schooling, or whatever it might be." Like I said, I never skipped church, as far as I know, for exams or tests in university. Why? because I trusted that if I did what God expects me to do, then he'd take care of me. And he always did. And I'm a testimony to those things. Proverbs 3 says this, "Trust in the Lord with all thine heart, and lean not under thine own understanding. In all thy ways acknowledge him, and he shall direct thy paths. Be not wise in thine own eyes." That's something I really had to learn. Like I said before, a bit of a know-it-all. And I had to realize that I don't know anything compared to God. I don't see anything compared to God. And because of that, it's better if I let him do the leading than I do the leading. Be not wise in thine own eyes. He said, "Fear the Lord and depart from evil." But let me give you some encouragement tonight. Because when God has shown you what to do and God's made it clear what he wants you to do, do it. Don't move from it. Stay exactly in the channel that God has shown you. Amen. And when he wants you to do something different, he'll let you turn that corner. He'll make the corner happen. Amen. For a believer's life, we ought to be straight lines all the way until God gets us to turn a corner. And he'll help us to do those things. Amen. There's a great blessing in just being faithful to what God has called you to do. No matter how big it is, how little it is. Remember, you got to prove yourself yourself in the small things first. God has never promoted somebody to greatness and it gone well. They've always had to go through the trials. They've had to go through the preparation. We see King Saul. King Saul got promoted into greatness without training. And we see what a what a dog's breakfast that turned into. Brother Aram says this. He says, "We are God's servant in the field that he has placed us in. No matter how little it is or how great, it's just the same in the sight of God. always the same to act right in the place where you're at. He says always, it's a great thing to follow the Lord. I'd rather go and have a church with 50 people in it in the will of God than to have 5,000 out of the will of God. Can I take his words and flip it? I'd rather have $50 in my bank account in the will of God than 5,000 in my bank account out of the will of God. Put your metric in there. I'd rather have straight A I'd rather have straight C's in the will of God than straight A's out of the will of God. I'd rather have I'd rather have five people like me in the will of God than everybody like me out of the will of God. Whatever it is turns your crank. Whatever it is that you enjoy in life, whatever thing it is that you think is important for you to be good at, he says, listen, better to have little in God's favor than a lot in man's favor. He says, listen to this. I love this. God can do more with a man in his will in one hour than he could do with a man out of his will in 50 years. He says, see, he's stumbling and staggering like shooting in the dark. But when a man is really in the will of God and knows his calling, he should abide there. Now, he's generally talking about ministers there. Amen. But let me tell you, it goes for every single role that you play in the kingdom of God. If you're a father, if you're a mother, if you're a wife, if you're a husband, if you're a teacher, if you're a mechanic, if you're a machinist, if you're a business owner, if you're a manager, whatever it might be, and wherever you are in the will of God is where you'll be effective. Because if God has placed you there, he's placed you there to be effective. God doesn't place us there to be ineffective. God places us there to fulfill his work and his word. Amen. And this ties into prayer so tightly is that your prayers are effective when you're in the place and the channel that God wants you to be in. Amen. When we're in our position, see what happens is God allows us to see things and experience things in our position that other people won't grasp because that's not where they're working and walking day by day. But he can come to you and he can help you to see a situation. He can help you to see a need. He can help you to see a problem. And then we can be effective because we take that as a burden in our lives and we start to go to God about it and God starts to work on it. Amen. You mothers, God wants you to be effective in your home. He wants you to be effective in teaching your children. He wants you to be effective in keeping up the household. He wants you to be effective as you're in the homeschool group and as you walk around this world and you go and get groceries and you fill up with gas and you do these different things. You are a walking testimony just by how you look. But he wants more than just a silent witness. He wants an effective witness that can interact and can talk to people about the things of God. Amen. And then as you go about your day, God can drop a burden in a mother's heart that she can pray for in a way that nobody else can because she's in her role. She's in her position. She's in her place and she's got a burden for things that impact the world that she's walking in. Amen. And then we can take that and we can rest in being right in the line of duty doing what God wants us to do. It's a wonderful thing to be in the line of duty because you know that whatever you ask in the line of duty, he'll give it to you because you're about his business, not your own. But then after God has given us a direction, amen, and has revealed to us his will, then we can rest assured that he's going to take care of the situation. If God has shown you his will, then you can walk in his will and know that whatever happens, he's got it all in control. That's the that's the assurance that we have as we walk. And if he's making us wait, if it's not happening, if if what he's promised, if what he showed us is his will isn't happening, then our prayer has still been answered. When he has showed you his will, you don't have to pray for the effect of his will anymore because his will is what's going to happen. And you can say the answer's on the way. You can rest in those situations. Amen. There'd be no point in continuing to pray over a situation that God has shown you his will for. You don't have to. You don't have to do those things. Amen. And so then we switch from saying, "God, please do. God, please intervene. God, please heal. God, please provide." When he's shown you his will, then you can say, "Lord, give me faith and trust to just keep walking forward." And like Abraham, what did Abraham do? He said that he what? He gave praise and thanksgiving and worship because he was strong giving thanks unto the Lord. He didn't have Isaac yet, but he could walk and he could have praise and worship because God had shown him what his will was going to be. But at the same time, God will use prayers as a catalyst. Now, a catalyst is something that causes something to happen. We look at this from a chemical reaction standpoint. You can have two things that don't do anything, but if you add a catalyst to that mixture, it causes things to happen. You know, we would see this in uh in the science fairs when people would do their their volcanoes and they'd take I think baking soda and vinegar. You put it together, the baking soda reacts with the vinegar and it's a catalyst and it caused all the things all the bubbles and the big messes that the children would always make at those things. It's a catalyst. It makes things happen. And God's I say that because prayer is God's way of getting us involved in the situation and sometimes to drive things to make them happen. Amen. God's wanting us to be involved in this program. And so God is laying things on our hearts. He's putting uh an uncction in our hearts to get us to create an expectation and a desire for the things that he's trying to do in in in a place, in a church, whatever it might be. Burban would say God puts a desire on the people for revival before he sends revival so that they're expecting revival. God doesn't just come and give revival. God sends a desire for revival before he sends it. That people start to pray about that people start to be an expectation. Amen. And it's it's to create a pull for something that God is desiring to do in our lives. And so in our prayer lives, we'll get a a strong urge or what we call an uncction or a desire for God to do something. And that's God's way of getting us involved by getting us to start calling for and looking for something. Why? Because he's wanting us to be involved in his will. He's wanting us to be involved in his program. He's wanting to work in our lives. He's wanting to do things for us. And he wants us to be asking and desiring for the things that he has in store for us. Amen. You know, as I expect my wife to work with me to achieve the things in our life that we're supposed to, so God is expecting his bride to be in lock step with him. He's the head. We're the body. We're his hands. We're his feet. We're the ones that do the work. He's the one that does the leading. And prayer is a way to get in the channel of God so that you know what he wants to do so you can go do it. Amen. Brother Bram says this. God is interested in everything. He's interested in the little things you do or the big things you do. He's interested in you and he's interested in me. But he says, and he's interested to see his word made manifest. and he's depending on us to do it. He says, "For we are his agents, but it's nothing in ourselves. It's him yielding ourselves and walking with him." Then he said, "He's God over creation. He's God over all things. And there's nothing too little or too insignificant, but what he's interested in." He says, "So that would give us to know though we may be little and insignificant, God is interested in doing something for in us, doing something for him." Now catch this. He says he likes to display his glory. Amen. Do you see the point there? I put those two quotes one after the other to drive one thing. God's interested in in displaying himself through you and through me. That's what God's interested above all else. And that's what he's been doing all along. That's this great mystery that's been hidden from the beginning of time was God being revealed through a bride. God being revealed through a people that are so yielded to him that it would express Christ all over again. And so God's interested in one major thing and that's Christ being expressed through the believer. How are you going to get there? You got to find the will of God. How you going to do that? By prayer. That's when our prayers become effective. Amen. He's not here to give us this dreamy life of ease and pleasure and luxury. He's here to give us a supernatural expression of God in our flesh. That's exactly what he's looking for. Amen. So, this is the way that that God works. And prayer is certainly one way that God gets us involved. But there's a right way to pray and there's many wrong ways to pray. There's one right way and many wrong ways. And we can pray wrongly. We know. And it's because we have the wrong motives and objectives. James would say, "You ask and you receive not." You pray, you talk to God, you ask for things and you don't get it. He says because you ask a misk, you ask the wrong thing for the wrong reasons. He says that you may consume it upon your lust. He says you spend your prayer time asking for things that are are are a lust in your life. Now, that's pretty straight. James was pretty rough on the church, but it's because he saw people that were trying to take what God had intended them to do and turn it into a selfserving gospel rather than a serving gospel. &gt;&gt; Amen. They had reversed the intent of the gospel, which is go you out. And they were talking about bring it in. Give it to me. Give me what I want. Amen. Selfish prayer for carnal things is not what God created prayer for. That is not it. Amen. The prosperity gospel is completely voided. just by this one scripture. You ask what you want and you're asking a miss because it's it's all based on carnal things that you're wanting. Amen. We're supposed to be seeking what he promised rather than what we want. That's what prayer is supposed to do. Amen. Church, I've got no problem asking God for things relating to this world. I have no problem doing it. Amen. I've prayed for many things. Listen, I I I share with my family that I finally bought a car and I g went through the kind of the the the criteria I had and I thought about this. I thought about this and this and that and the other thing and dad said, "Do you overthink much?" I said, "It's a vehicle. Of course, I overthink." And but here's the thing. I said, "Lord, I had missed a really good deal out in Placentia on a Honda CRV and I was like, h everything else was f the same car at every dealership was5 to $6,000 more plus fees. I was like, "Ah, that would that would have been a good one." But in the end, that wasn't what I really wanted. But I said, 'Lord, can you just lead me to the right one because, you know, I'm going to just die over this because I like vehicles. I and I don't want to buy a lemon and I don't want to buy a wrong one. I don't want to buy a bad one. And, you know, this this experience the last year with cars is really Lord, just give me something that'll be simple and easy to operate, you know, in these different things. So, I have no problem saying, 'Lord, I'm going to keep doing my day stuff. I'm going to stay in the channel of being a pastor and being a a father and a husband. Lord, can you take care of the car situation and give me peace about the one that you want me to get? And you know what? He did. And what I got was exactly what I've been looking for. I just didn't know that that was what I wanted. It wasn't on my radar to start. It just wasn't there. But that's the way it worked out. I've got no problem asking God to provide me with a house, a place to live, you know, a a good deal on an appliance, whatever that might be. But I tend to place those things under the fact that I pay my tithes. And so God says, "I'll pour out a blessing." And so God will take care of me financially. That's what tithing is for. That's what I take as a as a God saying, "I I'll take care of your needs. Not your wants, but your needs." But if he chooses to bless me, because he said, "Listen, try me and I'll pour out more of a blessing than you can contain." So I just say, 'Lord, if you'd help me, I'd sure appreciate it. And he does. I believe God loves to give us what we ask for. I believe absolutely he does. It's not a question of his will or not his will. It's a question of do you believe enough to ask him for it. Sometimes in every aspect of my life, I believe that if I ask him, it's of interest to him purely on the basis that I asked him. If it's important enough to me to ask him about, I believe it's important enough to him to give me an answer about. Not to give it to me, but to give me an answer about it. As much as I want to involve God, God wants to be involved. Amen. That's always going to please him. God wants a closer relationship. And if I involve him with every aspect of my life, God's going to say, "Bring it on." Listen to this. Remember, brother says, he's interested in you. He's interested in everything you do. Jesus said, "Are not two sparrows sold for a farthing, and one of them shall not fall on the ground without your father? But the very hairs of your head are all numbered." What does it have to do with anything? Why would God want or need to know about the hairs of your head? Jesus said, "You're so important that he knows how many hairs are on your head." Some of us are making it a little easier for him than others, but he says he knows how many hairs you have today. That's how much God cares about you. So then, does he care about your children, church? Does he care about your marriage? Does he care about your business? Does he care about your ministry? Does he care about your hurts? Does he care about your sickness? Absolutely. If he cares about how much hair you have, he cares about everything else. He said, "Fear you not, therefore, ye are of more value than many sparrows." Brother says God is interested in everything that's wrong. Everything that you participate in, he says every walk of life, God's interested in you. You are his children and he is rich in mercy. He wants to do it for you. Now, I would say this. Now, this is just me. This is thus sayith brother John. I don't know that God has a plan for every single aspect of your life. And I say say this, when I look at scripture, I tend to see that there are way points in people's lives that are critical. And that's where God has hard points in. And you cannot miss those points. You have to be there. But what happens between them seems to be highly variable. And brother B would talk about perfect will versus permissive will. Perfect will is a straight line. Permissive will is all over the place. And it's a whole lot more fun. And yet it's a whole lot harder as well. That's the way it goes. So that this is just me. I I don't have I didn't look up a quote on it or anything like that, but we can see in scriptures that God has it seems like God has flexibility between the way points, but he's going to get you where he's going to get you no matter what. Amen. And so between those, we can ask and God will give. We can request and he will grant because what happens in between those isn't as important as that we get to one point to another. And so I see that in the scriptures where we can ask for things and God will give it because it has no real influence on the outcome. It just changes the way that we walk dayto day or the way we experience life in these different things. But when we ask God for something, we're asking him because we believe that he'll answer. We shouldn't go in believing he'll give. We should go in believing he'll answer. That's what prayer is supposed to do. Amen. The key to answer prayer is to find his will, not just to ask. Just because you ask in prayer doesn't mean you're going to get it. That is not what the scripture said. And brother Brand would teach, he says, God's will is bound by his word. So if I'm asking something and it is not contrary to his word, then I've got a possibility he'll answer it. He'll give me what I ask for. But if I ask according to his word, then I'm going to get what I ask for. Amen. That's the way that it's going to work. This is what what John would say in First John. He says, "This is the confidence that we have in him, that if we ask anything according to his will, he heareth us. And if we know that he hears us, whatsoever we ask, we know that we have the petitions that we desired of him." So if we ask according to his will, he hears us. And if he hears us, we'll get it. And you can look at it this way. It's like there's a guard at the at the the throne of there's a there's a guard before the court of God. if he was a king sitting on his throne, he would have a guard in front of it. And when you come up to the guard, the guard knows everything that's in the king's will. And so you you say you come up to the guard and you say, "Okay, guard, I'm I I'm I want to talk to the Lord and I'll just use my example and I would really really really like a Porsche 911 Turbo." Well, the G the guard looks at his list and he says, "Sorry, a Porsche is not on God's will for you. go away. In other words, we don't even get into the presence of God to make that petition because it's not according to his will. That's the way John's kind of talking about here. There's a guard of God's will that keeps him from even hearing your request. He's not going to consider it. He's not going to dwell on it. You can't even get in there with that. But he says, "Now, if you come according to his will, then you get in there and he'll actually hear you. You'll have a hearing." I don't know if you've ever been before a judge. You get a hearing before a judge and you get to express your need or you get to express your side of the story and then the judge will make a ruling. He says if you come in according to his will then you get a hearing. And he says when you get a hearing, you're always going to get what you ask for cuz God brings you in so he can give you what you have need of. But you got to come in according to his will. And what is it now? You're asking him to do what he wanted to do in the first place. So now you're in align with him and you get it every single time. That's what the Holy Spirit's meant to do in our lives is to bring us to a place where we ask according to his will and we don't ask until we have found his will. Amen. Because the Holy Spirit is what shapes out his will in our life. That's why when we go to pray, we can't go and pray and ask for what we want. We go and say, "Lord, what would your will be?" and then let my desire be shaped to that. That's when we're going to get what we want. Amen. When we do that, now it's and you come to that place, then now it's not you that's speaking. It's the Holy Spirit speaking through you. And brother Bam says that's deity speaking through the lips of man. We'll get into that in our series on dominion at some point, Lord willing. But let's come back to what we read earlier as we start to close this evening. This is Jesus saying, "Hitherto have ye asked nothing in my name. Ask and you shall receive that your joy may be full. So listen, our joy is not in carnal things. As sons and daughters of God, our joy cannot be in carnal things. Amen. If so, we'll find out real quick that God isn't interested in answering our prayers. If what we want is the things of this world, things that money can buy. It's like I said before, if all your prayers are about things that money can buy, you're wasting your prayer time. Cuz that's all the things of this world that he'll add unto you if you seek him first. Amen. Amen. It's not that we can't enjoy the things of this world. Did everyone enjoy driving to work in a car that had a working heater that the wind wasn't rolling through us and you could get to church in 15 minutes instead of Can you imagine if Brother Matt had to drive a horse and buggy all the way here? He'd have had to start this morning. We enjoy it in the sense that we appreciate what it brings to our life. When we go home, we don't have a a tent. We have nice solid houses that keep the the cold out and keep the weather out and these different things. We can enjoy it, but our joy ought not to be full in those things. And Jesus said, "Listen, what you're asking for is to make things that make your joy full." Amen. So, we look at this. Jesus said, what he says, "Seek ye first the kingdom of God, and all those other things will be added to you." So, your joy is in the kingdom of God. It's not in the things that he adds unto you. That's just a bonus. That's just something we can appreciate. Amen. We, you know, brother Brand will say this and we've heard it many times. God will give you your heart's desire. Have you ever heard somebody say that? God will give you your heart's desire. But you know what God will give you before he gives you your heart's desire? He'll give you a new heart and then he'll give you a new spirit and then he'll put his spirit within you and then he'll give you your heart's desire. Because with the right heart, with the right spirit, you'll ask the right thing. That's what he's looking to give you. He'll change your condition and then he'll give you your desires because your desires will be for the right things. Let me give an example in my life. This is something that really happened. Uh I it's kind of since I came back to Newfoundland. Everywhere I've gone, whether it's been whether it's been at work or or whatever it's been, I've always testified to people. I've always found a way to testify to people about the things that God's done for me and the things that I believe. And I've shared some of those testimonies I've had down in Texas and Alberta and these different things. I've had chances to witness to co-workers for hours on end driving in vehicles and whatnot and it's been amazing many times. Amen. But when I came to Newfoundland, that really ratcheted it up a bit. And I believe it's because God called me to be a pastor here. And a pastor is looking to bring souls to Christ. But I wanted to be a witness. And so I've witnessed to to at my mechanic shop. I've witnessed at work. I've witnessed in the grocery store. We talked to people all over the place. And we've had so many opportunities to witness to people. But the thing that really escalated that was when we started praying about it. And it wasn't just my wife and I talking about it, but it was all of us in our family devotions and we were talking about things and we were praying, Lord, make us a greater witness to our community. Lord, make us a greater witness to the people we work with. Make us a greater witness to those that are at the homeschool group. Whatever it might be, wherever our sphere of influence is, you know, Jonathan going to university, Lord, help us to be a witness. help us to stand out as an example of Christ in this age. And you know what happened? As soon as that really started pressing on us and we started praying about it, what started happening? You're getting more and more opportunities to witness. Why? Because that's not us making that up. That's the Holy Spirit coming in and preparing us for the opportunities that are going to come our way. And so, we're calling for something that God's trying to do in our lives and through us. And so our prayers made us effective because we had found the channel of God's will and that brought great joy. Our joy was full. I can't tell you how happy we are when we sit down and we can say, "Hey, I had a chance. You know, Selena comes, she says, "Oh, I had the greatest talk with a with another rider at my at my stable." And it's it's a little bit scary in the moment, but you just walk away and you're like, "How did that happen?" And your heart is just bursting because you said, "I've shared Christ with somebody." When I that young man Griffin, when I talked to him, you know, we talked to him for two hours and by the end it was a whole family affair. Jonathan was in on it and Blanca was in on it and and whatnot and and and even uh it was uh who was it that gave us the the cinnamon buns? Elsa. Elsa was in on it. She kept them there with her cinnamon buns. She had made cinnamon buns that day and gave them to us and and he ate her cinnamon bun. It was a whole body affair. But after that, we were just we were so excited. We were so happy to see that God had done something like that. Our joy was full. Why? Because potentially that's an eternal event that we just experienced. We don't know. The Lord knows in the end. But there's nothing like sharing this gospel with somebody. It's better than getting a raise. Better than getting a big contract. Better than getting a new house, new car. When you have the potential to to to bring a soul to Christ, that's the fullness of joy. And so, when we look at our day-to-day lives, see, we can look at it. I'll speak to the mothers again. You can look at it, well, I'm just at home and I'm just trying to teach my kids. I'm not doing that very well. I'm just trying to keep the house clean. I'm not doing that very well. Or maybe you are, but that's all I'm doing. No, you're not. Your joy is full because you're helping to set an atmosphere. You're helping to create a place where your children can learn about God. That they can be in a good atmosphere that they can be influenced by a a a person that's filled with the Holy Ghost. And your joy is full because you're fulfilling your kingdom commission. Whether it's at home, whether it's the brothers at work, wherever that might be. Amen. And so what I found is that when God puts a burden in your heart for others, that's when you really start praying because we are here to serve. We're not here to be self- serving as I said earlier. Amen. And so we are intercessors for those that cannot come into the throne room because they don't know his will. They don't know his purpose and they can't find it because they have nothing to to bring them to that place. And so we're there to pull those things in. Amen. Jesus said what? He said, "Ask that your joy may be full." And the question I'm asking you tonight is what makes you joyful? If I was to say, what makes you joyful tonight? What is it that that that you're just like, if this would happen, I would be complete? Amen. Brother Bram says this. He says, "Now the Bible wants us to ask for big things, not to be satisfied with, Lord, I belong to church now. That's enough." He says, "No, that's not enough for me. I want to get something else. Is that what he said? He said, "I want to do something else. I've got what I need. Now I want to do something with it. I want to take what's happened to me and turn it into something else. I don't want more for me. I want more for somebody else." And then see the direction he's pointing in. It's not Lord, you know, I want a nice car. I want a nice house. I want a nice spouse. I want a nice bank account. I want great health. I want No, he's saying, I want more from God than a church experience. I want to be engaged in a kingdom purpose. I want to do more than just sit here and listen to brother John. &gt;&gt; Amen. Listen to this. This one, this one struck me to the core. He said, I'll give you my estimation of what I think the closest thing to an evidence that a man is a Christian than anything I know of. He says, you know what it is? It's travail of soul. He says it's a person that's always so hungering and thirsting for God. They just simply day and night they just can't stand it. They've got to do something for God. What a phrase, travail of soul. If you take anything away from this service tonight, ask yourself this question. If I was to say what I my my soul is travailing for, what would it be tonight? Don't shout out your answers. But what is it that we've been really worked up about? See, we can get worked up here and we can get worked up here, but in the soul that's on the innermost, what is it that's travailing? In other words, what's really groaning? What's really aching? What's really calling? Where's the real burden inside of our lives? What is the travail of soul that we have? Do we have travail of soul or are we so involved with all these other things that there is no travail of soul? There's just worry about business and finances and health and this and that and the other thing. Travail of soul. Amen. When's the last time travail of soul overtook our prayer life instead of everything else? I'm challenging you tonight. I'm challenging myself. Amen. When is the last time that we got down and we just had a burden? You know, when I talked to Cherylyn Percy, I drove away crying and praying as I drove away cuz I said, "Lord, that woman is she she has no hope without you." No hope. She is lost in every way unless she can come to a realization of Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. And I wept as I cried for her cuz there's a soul that's hanging in the balance. It's not just a a horrible death by in in a lingering way. But it is a soul that's sitting there captive by a tormentor that she could be set free of if she could only have faith in the word of God. That's travail of soul. When we look at our young people and we say they need the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; They need the Holy Ghost more than I need a bigger bank account. They need a Holy Ghost more than I need a new car. They need the Holy Ghost more than anything else that we have. If there's anything we ought to have travail of soul, it's for our young people to get the Holy Ghost. When's the last time we got down and we said, "Lord," and we went name by name by name through the young people and said, "Lord, fill them with the Holy Ghost. Lord, give them a new birth. Let them never be the same again. When's the last time we couldn't get away from a burden for someone else rather than ourselves? Coming back to our opening scripture, James said, "Confess your faults one to another. Pray for one another that you may be healed." Then he says, "The effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man avaleth much." What kind of a man is he talking about? What kind of a person? He says it's a righteous man. A righteous person. What does it mean to be righteous, church? It means to be in right standing with God. It means to be living in the will of God. Amen. And so that's the key to effective prayer is that you are a righteous person. Amen. Are you seeking the will of God? Because Paul says that's the key to being an effective prayer warrior is that you're seeking and you are in the will of God. That's what makes you righteous. We take on Christ righteousness. It's not by works. I'm saying this, but a righteous man is one that is more interested in the will of God than what people want him or her to pray for. Amen. It says that the affection the the the prayer of that person avails much and that word means it prevails. It has strength and force. Remember brother Bram says prayer is the most effective force. Here's your scripture for it. The original word says that this this person's prayer it embodies strength that gets into the battle. In other words, this is somebody that really gets in there and starts fighting in the situation by prayer. There's somebody that goes in and gets things done, that changes situations, that can come in and that can intercede and God starts to listen. Remember, brother Rab said it's the most effective force and there's your scripture that places it, but it's for a select group of people that are committed to one thing and one thing alone, the will of God. Amen. And they're living in it daily. Amen. That's the one you want praying for, church, because you'll tell them the situation and they'll go and they'll find God's will rather than praying the way you want them to pray. I've told people, I've said this over the pulpit, they'll come up for prayer, they tell me their prayer, they tell me what what they want me to pray for, and I don't pray for it. You know why? Because that's not what needs to be prayed about. And I don't explain it except in this way to say if the prayer doesn't go the way you thought, stop and think about what was prayed. Amen. Remember, Balum was not supposed to be for hire. We're not for hire. Sister Brenda, you can't come to me and say, "Brother John, pray for this." I've got to find the will of God before I can pray for that. I can pray about the situation, but she can't direct me how to pray. My wife can't direct me how to pray. My children can't direct me how to pray. We're not for hire. We are bought with a price. We belong to one. Amen. These are people that are not for sale. They're going to pray for effect, not for favor. Remember this story? I feel like somebody told it here recently, but maybe not. About that family that had gotten away from church, and this was in the old days, of course. And in the middle of the night, someone came running up to the preacher's door and they pound out, "Preacher, preacher, you got to come pray for the Smiths." You know, Johnny got bit by a rattlesnake. You got to come pray for him. It's bad, bad, bad. And the preacher went up and they said, "Preacher, we're so glad you're here. You got to pray for Johnny. He's sick. He's going to die." And he and he got down and he knelt by Johnny's bed and he got everyone to kneel around him and he said, "Lord," he said, "Send more and bigger rattlesnakes." What they needed was not life. what they needed was Christ. Amen. That's a that's a pastor that could pray for the right thing rather than pray for what they wanted him to do. See, if they got healing, they'd just keep walking the way they were going. What they needed was to come back to the Lord. It's just a story. I don't know that it's true or not, but it it sets the the the tone for how we pray. Amen. And we've got to be able to pray and find God's will, not just pray the way a be another believer tells us to pray. But then there's another side of things. We get into situations where God's just waiting for us to pray. God has already said it. God has already declared it. God has already said, "This is my will. This is what I'm going to do." But sometimes he's waiting for us to come to him and say, "Lord, I believe it enough to tell you I want it." And there's an example. You know, you think about Isaac and Rebecca and remember he was the promised one. And God said, "Through him, I'm going to bring a nation, a great nation of many people." And you think that with Isaac and Rebecca, with that promise hanging over them, they'd have had kids all running around the tent. You'd think, right? The promises hanging over them, kids ought to be everywhere, we'd say. And guess what? Nothing. Watch this. He says, "And Isaac was 40 years old when he took Rebecca to wife, the daughter of Bethl, the Syrian of Pad Padanaram, the sister to Laban the Syrian." He said, "And Isaac intreated the Lord for his wife because she was barren. She's got a promise hanging over her that she'll be the mother of a great nation and she can't have a kid." He says, "And the Lord was intreated of him." And Rebecca his wife conceived. So what did prayer do here, church? It moved God into action. God was just waiting for Isaac to come and say, "All right, God. You promised nothing's happening. We need you to move on the scene. God had promised it's going to happen. But it wasn't happening. He was waiting for Isaac to say, "Okay, Lord, how about that promise about now? Can we not wait until I'm a hundred like my dad?" And it says, "The Lord was entreated. The Lord heard what he did, what he asked for, and God gave it to him." Amen. We look in the book of Revelation. You look in Revelation 5, all the prayers are gathered up and then you see in Revelation 8, they come up before God and then God does something. It's not that God needs prayer to do something, but rather that God ties himself to our prayers and then they get to a point where we ask in faith, it all comes together and it's almost like there's a rock that's at the top of the hill and our prayers slowly move it, move it, move it and then it tumbles. Where God's wanting us to to to work in unity. Amen. Is it's like uh the upper room. The promise was already given, but the people went up into that room in unity and they prayed and they waited and they prayed and they waited until something happened. That's the perseverance of prayer that we're looking for. When God's promised it, we're going to pray until we get it. And we're going to trust and we're going to express it. Look at the believers in Jerusalem. Peter been in prison multiple times before, but they never had a prayer meeting about it. But then Peter's inside and he's got more people guarding that jail. I think it was three different sets of soldiers if I'm right. It might be four. He's in a cell. He's he's he's actually uh shackled to two guards. Then there's a gate. There's another guard there. Then there's another gate and guards. And then I think there's another one. I think there was three layers plus he was shackled to two. Impossible situation. Like it better to pray when the priest had him, right? You got a better chance. But he's in there and he's completely surrounded. There's no way getting out. He's got multiple gates locked and guarded to go through. They start praying and an angel comes, wakes Peter up, walks him right out the front door, through every gate, through every door, past every guard. They never see him, never notice a thing. He comes to the door and he knocks on the door. And remember, Roa comes up and she opens it. She sees Peter freaks out cuz her prayer's been answered. And she's like, "It's a ghost. Peter's ghost is outside. They've already killed him, guys. Cuz he was supposed to be killed the next day. They've already killed him. No, their prayers were answered. Church, we ought not to be surprised when our prayers are answered. But what was it? It took the people getting together as a catalyst to get God moving. When they did, something happened. Amen. You know, we've got a lot we're praying about these days. We've got a lot we're praying about. And I'm so thankful for the answered prayers that we've had. you know, things that have come out in prayer meeting and the testimonies that people have shared because I want us to be a church that's effective in our prayers. I don't want us to have a form of praying. I want us to be prayer warriors. I want us to be effective in the things that we're praying about. Amen. And sometimes to be effective, church, we've got to make the right request. Sometimes the problem's not in the prayer. The problem's in the person asking. Remember Hannah? Hannah didn't have children. She's living with a man and he's got a second wife and she's having all the kids and Hannah gets nothing and nothing. Hannah always goes up every year and she's asking God for a kid, asking God for a kid. But she wasn't doing it the right way. And as soon as she said, "God, I'll give them back to you." God gave her what she wanted. The request was all wrong. You know, sometimes we're asking people to pray for something that's really not the issue. And sometimes the issue isn't our condition or our worry or our health or our finances. Sometimes the issue is a soul condition. Sometimes it's an attitude condition. And instead we're asking people to say fix the situation instead of saying Lord take me through you know but I I'll tell you this. I'm telling you how we ought to do it. But I want to say how thankful I am for the prayer requests that have come through. And some of you I've talked to you about it afterwards and just thanked you personally for it. Amen. Because sometimes we really have to humble ourselves to get to the root of what we really need prayer about. And I've been so blessed because we've had people that have said, "Lord, we we I need help with my attitude." Rather than I need help with my situation. They're not saying, "Lord, change the situation." They're saying, "Lord, help me go through it with grace." That takes real humility to say, "This is a struggle of me, not a struggle of the situation. Lord, help me with those things." Amen. We've had people ask, "Lord, help me be better around the house. Lord, help us to be more productive as a family. Lord, help us to get things in line. Help us to do this. help us to do that where we're not trying to say, "Lord, change the situation." We're saying, "Lord, help us to be effective in the situation." That's the things that God's looking for. Amen. I believe God's looking to change this more than anything. Amen. That the soul would have the victory. That our attitude would have the victory rather than our natural conditions be changed to suit our weaknesses. That's not what we ought to be praying for. Lord, change the situation so that I can go through it the way I am. No, say, "Lord, help me to change so I can meet the circumstance. keep my head up in the midst of these things. Amen. That's what I've experienced in my life and I've seen it in others. Amen. And I believe that's the most effective way in prayer meeting is to be honest about what's the real struggle because then we can really get to pray him for it. An honest request will get an honest prayer. I believe I want to share two quotes as we close and the musicians can come if they want. Brother Ram says he wants us to ask and believe that our joys may be full. He says ask for big things. Don't limit your faith to some little mustard seed. Get on out there here to some other kind of faith and move out in big things. He says this, "Big things are just as easy to receive as little things." I think only a prophet can say that because we don't feel that way, do we? I'm seeing some grins here. I had the same response. I'm like, "That's not the way I feel about that." But he's saying it is no different. He says, "You just have to believe. That's all." Why do we believe for little things? Because we believe God can do it. So what is it that makes us think God can't do the big things? I don't know. Dwelling on the wrong things, getting in the wrong atmosphere, looking at the situation. And then let's look at the big things God has done. You know, it was funny. I'm not I'm not going to share any specific details, but brother Garfield was sharing a bit more with me about the prayer request he made. And the interesting thing was the exact thing he's praying for, God did the last time they needed it. So, you know how easy it is to ask when God's already done a big thing, we ought to be able to say, "Lord, you can do it again. &gt;&gt; You can do it again." Our faith ought to rise to that. Our faith ought to say, "Lord, as you've done it before, I'm believing you can do it again." And we walk forward in the same faith as last time. The faith of his answering last time ought to give us faith before he answers this time. He says, "And when you have faith, you just know exactly how to use it and it'll be all right. You can put it right to work and it'll just be fine." He says, "Could you imagine talking about exhausting God's love?" He he tells that story about the fish that's in the ocean and he says, "I better just have a sip because I might run out of water." He says, "Can you imagine talking about exhausting God's love and power and beneficiaries for you? He's the inexhaustible fountain of life. Whatever you have need of, need of, ask him and believe it. He provided it in the redemptive blessings when he died at Calvary and gave a promise to you for everything you have need of while you're in the journey. He says, "And it's yours if you'll ask and believe it." That's right. Amen. God bless you. Let's stand together. Amen. Whatever you have need of, he says, ask him and believe it. Amen. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, very simple thought again this evening, but Lord, I'm thankful for the clarity that your word gives in these things, Lord, that if we can find your will, Lord, and we can align our prayer with your will, Lord, we know we'll get exactly what we ask for, heavenly father. Lord, that's a soul cry, Lord. That's something that has to change on the inside of us, Lord, where we can lay aside our every thought and our ideas and our preferences, Lord, and just come in and say, "Lord, have your way, Lord. That you would just do a perfect work in our lives. That Lord, you would take these situations, you'd work them for our good. Lord, when it seems like we're carrying a burden that's not doing anything except hurting and and harming and and frustrating us, Lord. May we see, Lord, like the prophet said, that that is bringing us to a place and you know just what you're doing, Lord, where we'll be able to look back after it's all said and done and we can praise you for what you did in our lives, heavenly father. Lord, help us to raise our heads this evening, Lord, that we'd have faith, Lord, as we face hard times and circumstances, Lord, that we'd be able to look to you as the changing God, Lord, that brings us through these the unchanging God, Lord, that brings us through changing circumstances. Lord, I Lord, you know what we're facing. Lord, you know the things that have been shared with me, Lord, privately that people are praying for. You see the things that we've talked about publicly. Heavenly Father, Lord, I pray that you'd move in those situations. Lord, I pray that you give us faith, Lord, to believe in big things, Lord. that we'd just not stop at a time of saying, "I fought and I tried, Lord, but that we'd hold on by faith, Lord, to the promise of your word, by prayer, and say, Lord, we're believing and we're going to worship and we're going to praise and testify of what you promised in our lives, heavenly father. Lord, we thank you for what you've done. We thank you for answered prayer, Lord. How many testimonies have we had in even in this little congregation of your healing power, of your saving power, your providing power, Lord, your Holy Ghost filling power, heavenly father. Lord. So we pray for each one that's in need here tonight. Those that weren't able to make it, Lord, we pray a special grace to them. Heavenly Father, Lord, those that are sick, Lord, be with them. We ask in Jesus Christ's name we pray it. Amen. In everything give him thanks. 950 in everything. Give him thanks. Oh, give him thanks in everything. Give him thanks. Oh, in the good times, praise his name. And in the bad times, do the same. and did everything. Give the King of Kings all the things. So in everything give him thanks. Give him thanks. Praise him in everything. Give him thanks. Oh, in the good times, praise his name. And in the bad times, do the same in everything. Give the King of Kings all the things. for everything. Give him thanks and everything. Give him thanks. Oh, in the good times. Praise his name. In the bad times. Do the same everything. Give the king of kings all thanks. Bring all your needs to the altar. 562. Bring all your needs to the altar. So bring all your needs to the Lord. He is so willing and aable to help you. will bring all your needs to the Lord and bring all your needs to the altar. Bring all your needs to the Lord. He is so willing and aable to help you. So bring all your needs to the Lord. Bring all your needs to the altar. Bring all your peace to the Lord. He is so willing and aable to help you. will bring all your needs to the Lord. Hear my prayer, O Lord. Should be the same key. 887. Hear my prayer, O Lord. From the ends of the earth I cry, your peace will lead me to the rock that is higher than I. For you have been my strength in times of trouble. a tower above my eneies. And Lord, I will abide with you forever in the shelter of your wings. So hear my prayer, oh Lord. From the ends of the earth I cry. And your peace will lead me to the rock that is higher than I. For you have been my strength in times of trouble, a tower above my eneies. And Lord, I will abide with you forever in the shelter of your wings. For you have been my strength in times of trouble, a tower above my eneies. And Lord, I will abide with you forever in the shelter of your wings. Amen. And we're going to sing that song, Forever Answered Prayer, 1168, Key of G. Amen. I'm going to ask Brother Chad to close in prayer tonight if he would. Amen. Remember the needs that have been mentioned. Uh remember Cherylyn Piery. That's a real burden, like I said, on my heart. Has been since I heard. But seeing her again and just to me some things stood out on her faces just as she was talking and that and I said, "She's not doing better." That's for sure. and just small things maybe, but you know, it's only been a couple months since I last saw her. So, definitely want to remember her in prayer. Remember the church vote coming up on Sunday. Lord would always have his perfect will. Amen. Prayer meeting coming up. If you can make it, please come out. We'd love to have everyone there that can make it. Amen. It'll change the church. It'll change our lives. It'll change I believe it'll change results. Amen. If we'll get together and pray. Amen. Let's sing this as brother Chad would come. &gt;&gt; For every answer prayer, for always being there. For love that hears us when we call. your arms and lift us when we fall. Oh, you have always been right beside us. You're leading us all along the way. And we made it through. because of you. So here we are. We're lifting our hands to you. Here we are. We're giving you thanks for all you do. And as we praise and worship your holy name. For you are here dwelling within our praise. For days we cannot see. for all that's yet to be. The trials we may have to face when we'll be leaning on your grace. Oh, it will be your strength. And your love that makes us strong. And through it all, we'll sing this song. Here we are. lifting our hands to you. Here we are. We're giving you thanks for all you do. And as we praise and worship your holy name. Oh, you are here dwelling within our praise. And here we are. We're lifting our hands to you. Here we are. Oh, we're giving you thanks for all you do. And as we praise you and worship your holy name. You are here dwelling within our praise. Thank you Lord for hearing our prayer. for encouraging us to pray, Lord. For encouraging that channel, that friendship that only you could provide, Lord. And our human minds will never understand why some is lost, some is saved. And sometimes, Lord, we just take grace for granted, Lord. Help us, Father God. Help us truly truly have that friendship with you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And for the people that are lost, Lord, let us be the Lord. Let us show them the love that they've never seen. Lord, &gt;&gt; Lord, &gt;&gt; what whatever their days are, Lord, let it be comfortable for them, Lord. There's people you put in front of us, Lord, who may be the only bit of love they've ever seen, Lord. I just pray, I pray with all my heart, Lord, that that kindness and love shine through us all, Lord, that people may see that you dwell inside, Lord. Thank you for the service tonight, Lord. Pray for brother John. Father God, that you continue to give him wisdom, Lord. Guide his thoughts, Lord. Guide his heart, guide his intentions, Lord, and anoint him in a way, Lord, that will transform this church to be the little church that you said will go, Lord, I pray for everyone we come in contact with, Lord, that they may see you in us, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yes. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. as we pray. We worship you. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. We worship your holy name. And I always love that Jesus where we Oh my god. Holy God. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat.
