################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-10 - 20260109 - Called Out To Conquer - Bro Aaron Oglesby - Aaron Oglesby.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-10
Title:    20260109 - Called Out To Conquer - Bro Aaron Oglesby
Speaker:  Aaron Oglesby
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 3h 15m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JVprDNOoICA
========================================

Description:
Scriptures & Quotes:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yXCOF-1e9Ki5VVLS8Z8VIqlvWpkw6wIY/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Lord, I come to you. Let my heart be changed. Renew the stand flowing from the grace that I found in you. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. Lord, I come to know the weaknesses I see. in me will be stripped away [Music] by the power of your love. Holy co. Let your love surround me. Bring me near. Draw me to your side. And as I wait, I'll rise up like the eagle. [Music] And I will sow with you. Your spirit leads me on and the power of your love. Hallelujah. Lord, unveil my eyes. Let me see you face to face with the knowledge of your love as you live. Praise the Lord. Amen. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh Lord, you knew my mind as your will unfold in my life. Living every day [Music] by the power of your love. Oh, let your love surround me. Yes, Lord. Take me there. Draw me to your side. And as I wait, I'll rise up like and I will store with you. Your spirit leads me on and the power of your love. Lord, I come to you. Let my heart be changed, renewed, flowing from the grace that I found in you. Yes, Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Lord, I come to know the weaknesses I see. It may be stripped away. Amen. By the power of your love. Hallelujah. Oh, [Music] let your love. [Music] Bring me near. Come to your side. And as and as I wait, I'll rise up like a I will sto with you. Your spirit leads me by the power of your love. Hold me close. Hallelujah. Hold me close. Let your love surround me. Bring me near. Draw me to your side. And as I wait, I will rise up like the eagle. I will with you. Your spirit leads me up by the power of your love. Amen. Praise the Lord. May he hold us close tonight and surround us with his love. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing uh My Redeemer is faithful and true. 11:34 up there. And as brother Mark to open uh in prayer as we uh begin the weekend of services and we're thankful to have brother Aaron here, of course, and sister Lydia, God bless you. Uh all the visitors, good to have brother Joel, Sister Priscilla back and family. That's good. We're we're back. We're back. So, praise the Lord. Trust you come expecting tonight. So, let's just remember to pray for brother Aaron as he brings the word of the Lord. Remember, brother Chad as well. You've uh uh I guess everybody's made aware of the uh of his condition. So, we're thankful that he's got the stance in and he's resting and uh we just continue to pray for him. uh and also uh brothers Dale and uh Mary Russo. We just continue to pray for that need tonight. Remember brother Nelson and all the saints around the island and around the world. Also, sister Jamie sent me a request for um prayer for her father, Brother Tom. He was having uh some tests for a heart issue as well and uh also for her mother who was having some kind of test as well that uh they're trying to figure out there's something wrong. So there's both of them and brother David's friend Junior Dove who has been diagnosed with cancer. So uh also I've been asked to bring greetings uh from the maco to everybody uh from brother Allen and sister Mercy. So I want to uh remember them in prayer as well. Brother Ron and sister Shirley called today and brother Ron has uh gotten a good report from the doctor uh and uh he might have to do a little bit of treatment but it's just precautionary. And um just something else I thought might be an encouragement to everybody. Um forgive the use of my phone. Um but um I'm talking to brother Dale and which I do normally but uh and he he has stopped taking uh the painkillers and he was under a lot of pain and so he stopped taking them about two or three weeks ago and he said he's he's just declaring himself healed. He said God heal me. No more negative thoughts. He said, he said, "I'm just uh I'm just believing." So, last night we got a text from uh one of his daughters, and I just thought I'd read it because it's an it'll encourage faith, I'm sure. And she's referring to her dad. She said, "Wow, praise the Lord. God sure did a miracle in my dad's life. He is feeling so good now." Not sure what the doctor would say, but that doesn't matter anyway. It's God's word that matters. And he says that by his stripes, we're healed. So, he's claiming his healing and he says whatever pains he has is just lying vanities. He's back at church. He's driving himself because he wasn't for a while. He looks better and he sounds even better. So, praise the Lord. He uh and that's the way if you call him, that's the that's the response you get, you know. So, it's uh I just thought I'd pass that on because he wanted he wanted me to pass on his love for this uh for the assembly here. He said everybody has been so wonderful to him and he appreciates the prayers. So we'll keep him in prayer and um he did say to the doctor I'm healed and the doctor said I need to see you. So uh he'll come back with that testimony. Praise the Lord. So let's just sing this. My redeemer is faithful and true. And brother Mark lead us in prayer. My redeemer is faithful and true. Everything here I say he will lose. Every morning in mercies I live. My redeemer is faithful and true. &gt;&gt; Yes, my redeemer is faithful and true. Everything he has said he will do. Every morning his mercies I do. My redeemer is faithful and true. Sing it again. And my redeemer is faithful and true. Everything he has said he will do. [Music] Every morning his mercies I do. My redeemer is faithful and true. Amen. My redeemer is faithful and true and he will do everything that he said that he would do. And I believe it with all my heart. And we come Lord believing Lord today Lord help our unbelief. And Lord we just ask Lord your grace Lord that you would just move in amongst the believers Lord today. Lord those that need a touch from you Lord. And we heard many requests and we ask Lord that you would just intercede Lord today. It's the intercessor, Lord, that is still intercessing for the bride in this hour that is calling on each one and that's getting us ready for that change in the rapture. And we know, Lord, that it's the time is at hand that darkness is over the world, Lord. And we see it every day, Lord, and that Sodom condition that Noah condition, Lord. So we ask Lord that you would just be with us here Lord as we just uh come to hear brother Aaron and Lord that you would uh you would just speak through him Lord that you use him Lord today that he would speak to the bride today for all Lord the needs and for every heart and soul Lord we pray and ask Lord your grace upon all those Lord remember especially brother Chad Lord today the sudden sickness and we just know Lord that he's in your hands and we just ask Lord your grace upon him. We pray blessed speaker we pray and ask Lord that you would just work in him the anointing of the Holy Spirit upon him and upon the assembly Lord that all things Lord be in your control in Jesus name. Amen. seated. Amen. 1140. And that is the medly wonderful Jesus is to me. Amen. And he is wonderful. Praise the Lord. [Music] Amen. Wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. Counselor, prince of peace, mighty God is he saving me, keeping me from all sin is name. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. Yes, counselor, prince of peace. The mighty God is he saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. He never failed me. Never fail me. Jesus Christ has never failed me. Praise the Lord. This one thing I know that where I go, Jesus Christ has never failed me. He never failed me and never failed me. Jesus Christ has never failed me. Oh, this one thing I know that wherever I go, Jesus Christ has never fail me. And this whole world can never hold me anymore. But I'll be gone. For I've made my consecration and I have my wedding gar. Oh wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. Counselor, prince of peace, mighty God is he and saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Ain't God good? 9:32. Amen. Ain't God good to give us so many blessings? Undeservey. That's what we are. We ought to thank him, love and praise him a little more today and a whole lot more tomorrow. Ain't God good to give us amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. That's what we are. We ought to thank him. Love and praise him a little more today and a whole lot more tomorrow. You give us so many blessings undeserving. That's what we are. We ought to thank him, love and praise him a little more today. Praise the Lord and look forward. Sing it again. Oh, we got good to give us so many blessings undeserving. That's what we are. Amen. Love and praise him a little more today and a whole lot more tomorrow. Amen. Praise the Lord. That's a good habit to be into, isn't it? Just thanking them and praising him a little more today and a whole lot more tomorrow. Amen. Let's sing and we're going to have two specials tonight. So, Sister Selena is going to come first and then Sister Moren right after her. So, be in prayer for them. Let's just sing this and uh as as they get ready to come. Empty handed we come to the high holy throne. Open inside with nothing to hide. We offer praisees. We thou worship the name of the lamb that was slain. [Music] Asking nothing for us. We just bring you a heart offering praisees. Hallelujah. We bring praisees [Music] to you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Lifting holy hands we worship. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Save by grace. Amen. We bow before your face. Off bringing nothing but praisees to you, Lord. Hallelujah. Angels fall their wages as we sing. Redeemed by the lamb now holy we stand off praisees. Hallelujah. All our sins are gone. Thank you Lord Jesus. We've been washing in the blood. Hallelujah. Build and rightous we come to the most holy one offering praisees. Yes. Praise the Lord. We bring praisees [Music] to you Lord. Lifting holy hands we worship and adore. [Music] Save by grace. Amen. We bow before your face. Hallelujah. offering nothing but praisees to you. &gt;&gt; Pray the chorus again. &gt;&gt; And we bring praise to you, Lord. Lifting holy hands we worship him adore. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Said [Music] by grace. Amen. We bow before your face. offering nothing but praisees to you. &gt;&gt; Amen. [Music] I don't want anything but you. You're more than dream come true. All of the things I thought I wanted don't come close to knowing you. Oh, now that I'm yours and you are mine, our love is the secret that I find. I'll spend forever in the pleasure I found a looking in your eyes. Just give me Jesus. Oh, give me Jesus. You can have all this world. Oh, you can have all this world. More than silver, more than gold. You are the treure that I hold. Now that I've tasted of your goodness, nothing else will satisfy. Just give me Jesus. Oh, give me Jesus. You can have all this world. Oh, you can have all this world. I don't want anyone else. I don't need anything else. So you are my one thing. You are my one thing. I don't want anyone else. I don't need anything else. So you are my one thing. You are my one thing. You are my one thing. You are my one thing. You are my one thing. Just give me Jesus. So give me Jesus. You can have all this world. Oh, you can have all this world. [Music] I need you. How I need you. How I need you. Oh, I need you. I need your love like I need water. I need your love like I need breath inside of my lungs. Burning my heart just like a fire. Come and take me over. Jesus, draw me closer. I need your love like I need water. I need your love like I need breath in side of my lungs. Burning my heart just like a fire. Come and take me over. Jesus, draw me closer to your heart. Your heart. Your heart. Your heart. Your heart. Your heart. Just give me Jesus. Oh, give me Jesus. [Music] You can have all this world. Oh, you can have all this world. [Music] Okay, as you know, I'm out of my comfort zone playing the piano and singing. But this song is the only justice I can do to this is on the piano. [Music] Come near to me. Closer to me, Jesus, don't let me go. No other help. I know. Jesus. [Music] Come fight for me. You make the darkness flee. Jesus, I know I can do anything as you strengthen me, Jesus. So when the enemy tries to come for me, I will not fear because you prayed for me. [Music] I find my peace in you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Jesus. Hallelujah. All of my joy in you, Jesus. Jesus. I've found in you love being known by you, Jesus. My emotions can rise and fall, but you are my anchor, Lord Jesus. [Music] So when the enmy tries to lie to me, I will believe the truth you've given me. I find my peace in you, Jesus. Jesus, all of my joy in you, Jesus. And I am sure that you'll never leave me. You'll never forsake me. No, no, no. I find my peace in you, Jesus. When I look around, [Music] everything's crazy. But you are still God that's never changing. In the midst of my fears, my indeision, you are my focus, fixed in my vision. I look around, everything's crazy. You are still God. That's never changing. In the midst of my fears and my indecision, you are still God. I find my peace, oh Lord, in you, Jesus. Jesus, all of my joy in you, Jesus. And I am sure that you'll never leave me. You'll never forsake me. No, no, no. I find my peace in you, Jesus. Jesus. All of my joy in you, Jesus. And so come Lord Jesus, come evil soul to take your bride away. How my soul longs to be with you, my Lord. Even so, [Music] even so. Come Lord Jesus come. [Music] Come near to me. Close sir to me. Jesus. [Music] Praise the Lord. That was wonderful book along the same type of theme and Good start to the meetings. Praise the Lord. Amen. God bless you. More spirit more specials to come. Not tonight, but more to come on this weekend. Amen. Look forward to it. Praise the Lord. Let's sing. It's um 11:27. How great is our God? The splendor of a king. Amen. [Music] The splend of the king clothed in majesty. Let all the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoice. voice. He wraps himself in light and darkness tries to hide and trembles at his voice. Trembles at his voice. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. All will see how great how great is our God. From age to age he stands. And time is in his hand. Beginning and the end. Beginning at the end. The bride of Christ are one. United has come. Soon we're going home. Soon we're going. Yes. Amen. Let's stand. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. All will see. How great, how great is our God. H through H. age to age he stands. Oh, bless the Lord. Is in his hand beginning and the end. Amen. Praise the Lord. The bride and Christ are one. Your uniting time has come and soon we're going home. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. How great is our God? &gt;&gt; Bless you, Father. Amen. &gt;&gt; How great is our God. All will see how great, how great is our God. When age to age, he stands and time is in his hands. Beginning and the end. Beginning and the end, the bride in Christ has won. Uniting time has come. Soon we're going home. Soon we're going home. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God? &gt;&gt; How great, how great is our God, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. All will see how great, how great is our God. And then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. I am how great I am. [Music] How great thou art to me. Then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. How great thou art. How great thou art. Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. Then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. How great thou art. How great thou are. Amen. We can never praise him enough. &gt;&gt; Amen. for all that he's done, for all that he's promised, for all that he's going to do. Amen. It's wonderful to be here tonight. Wonderful to be in his presence. Amen. It's wonderful to have brother Aaron and Sister Lydia finally make it down up, I guess, to see us. Amen. As they were in Toronto and boarding their flight, and my wife said to me, she said, "It's going to happen. It's really going to happen." So, we're so happy to have them here. Brother Aaron, his wife, Sister Lydia, what's left of her at least. Amen. So, it's it's wonderful to have them here and we're just looking forward to a good time in the Lord. You know, when I was sitting in the seat there and I was watching the screens play and it said it was out of Luke and it said, "The things which are impossible with man are possible with God." And you know when I read that I remember when you were here last that's where you ended preaching as he spoke on that and it was remember the rich young ruler and Jesus said how hard it is for a rich man to go into the kingdom of heaven. They said who can surely enter? He said with things that are impossible with man are possible with God. And the next chapter was Zakchius. And he was showing with God all things are possible. Amen. So I want you to take your need. I want you to take your situation tonight and you say, "Lord, what's impossible with me? What's impossible with my way, my thinking, my trying, my discipline, my failures, my faults. Lord, I give it to you tonight, &gt;&gt; this weekend. I give it to you, Lord, that you could do the impossible in my life." Amen. And we're going to sing that song. More of you, more of you. I've had it all. But what I want is more of you as we invite Brother Aaron to come take his liberty tonight. We certainly want to remember Brother Chad and Sister Leah tonight. Just thankful the Lord spared him. Amen. They were able to go in and catch some things that were going on in his heart. He had 100% blockage in one, 70% in two areas, and 40% in another. So, they put the two stints in. He's resting well, eager to get home, eager to get to church. Amen. And so we're just trusting the Lord to be with them. Bless them over this weekend. But as we turn this over and we change the order of the service, let's just put out a a request to him and say, "Lord, I want more of you tonight. I want more of you this weekend." You say, "I've had a lot. You can never have too much until we're out of there. Till we're out of here." Amen. We don't have enough. So I say, "Lord, fill my cup tonight. Raise me to a higher level. Raise my faith to a higher level. Raise my expectation to a higher level. Amen. You have not because you ask not. Amen. Let's go in asking big things of God. Say, "Lord, move in my life. Meet the needs that I have. Lead me. Guide me. Provide for my need tonight." Amen. And then when he brings it, let's say, "Lord, help me to recognize you fulfilling that need." Amen. Amen. Let's sing this as we turn it over tonight. Oh, more of you. [Music] more of you. I've had it all of what I need is more of you. of things. I've had my fill, but yet I hunger still. Oh, empty and bare. Lord, hear my prayer for more of you. I need more of you. [Music] Glory. [Laughter] [Music] Is that your desire this weekend? More of him. &gt;&gt; And I believe that's where we should all find ourselves tonight is in a place saying, "Lord, thank you for all you've done for me. I recognize everything you've done, but Lord, I need more tonight." Amen. Let's just make that a matter of prayer as we start this service by by speaking to him right now. Father Lord, we are just so grateful for this opportunity, Lord. So grateful, Lord, that we have promises that you gave us that where two or three gather, you would be in our midst, Lord. So, so tonight, Lord, as thankful as we are to be here and to see one another, Lord, your people, Lord, it thrills our heart. What makes us the happiest tonight, Lord, is knowing that you said you were here, Lord. So, we're grateful for that. We're thankful for that. We ask, Lord, that you would take control of the service, Lord, that you would speak, that you would move me out of the way, Lord. I'm Lord completely aware of my inability Lord, but I'm also aware Lord that if you'll come and take over and that you'll anoint and you'll speak then things of eternal value can take place Lord. That's our desire Lord. So we step aside now. We look to your word and we ask that you'll bless it. Lord bless each one of your people, your bride around the world, Lord. I just pray that you'll be with them, Father, in Jesus name. Amen and amen. Thank you very much. God bless you tonight. It is uh such an honor to finally be here. Uh you know uh we were supposed to be here in August at the family camp and then the wildfires had that moved here to the church and then Air Canada went on strike and we couldn't make it. Then we were supposed to come in October and we had kidney stones and we're finally here and we we are extremely excited to be here. I I can't tell you how much that we appreciate you and love you with the love of the Lord. Y'all have really become a a a part of our lives and you have a special place in our heart. U brother John has has come to be a real true friend of mine and I'm thankful for him and his ministry and the work that he does here. You're a blessed people. Amen. And uh brother Tim wanted me to bring his greetings to each one of you and and tell you send his love and appreciation. And I just want to say how thankful I am to be here and thankful to have my wife Lydia with me. Uh somebody said that she has to go with me to keep me in line. And I say, well, that's a tough job, but she does she does she does good. But God bless you tonight. We won't we won't linger any more on that, but we'll move right into it. I just want to start by saying tonight, you know, I believe that we're we're a special called out people. Amen. and and and I believe that we're called to to to more than just coming out. Amen. But we're called uh more to more than just salvation, but but we've been we've been called out to conquer. Amen. Not just to barely get by, but you know, many times we get saved and things fall off our lives and we're happy about that as we should be. We should rejoice in those things. But but many times what happens is we spend the rest of our lives right there, delivered, saved, and yet not progressing any further. Amen. And and I believe that we're to take the token and we're to apply it to every aspect of our lives. In other words, let the power of God work in everything, not just cleanse you from sin. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let be um I know that sometimes we don't focus on these things and that's okay, but we should let the token make us a better neighbor. We should let the token make you a kinder person and a less selfish person and and begin to conquer the parts of ourselves that often times we chalk up to personality. &gt;&gt; Well, that's just who I am. That's the things that's been passed down. But but I believe that God wants us to conquer in every aspect of our lives. Amen. So, so we're going to start tonight looking at that thought and and and if I would give it a title tonight, I would I would say we've been called out to conquer. Amen. If you'll open your Bibles with me tonight to the book of Numbers 13. We'll read there. Numbers 13 and verse 25. We're going to read down through verse 30. Numbers 25. Numbers 13, excuse me. Numbers 13:25. It says, "And they returned from searching of the land after 40 days. And they went and came to Moses and to Aaron, and to all the congregation of the children of Israel, unto the wilderness of Pan, to Kadesh, and brought back word unto them, and unto all the congregation, and showed them the fruit of the land. And they told him, and said, We came into the land whether thou sentest us, and surely it flowth with milk and honey, and this is the fruit of it. Nevertheless, the people be strong that dwell in the land, and the cities are walled and very great. And moreover, we saw the children of Anoch there. The Amalachites dwell in the land of the south, and the Hittites, and the Jebusites, and the Amorites dwell in the mountains, and the Canaanites dwell by the sea and by the coast of Jordan. And Caleb steilled the people before Moses, and said, "Let us go up at once and possess it, for we are well able to overcome it." Amen. And I pray that the Lord will add a special blessing to the reading of his word. As you have your seats tonight, you know, we we know the story well of of the Exodus out of Egypt, how how that God's people were were loosed by the power of God there in there in Egypt and they they came out under under a mighty message, a message that had been brought by a prophet. And you know, as we look at the Exodus, we see so many similarities to to our lives today. Amen. that they came out under the message of of a prophet and the the ministry of that prophet was accompanied by signs and it was accompanied by wonders and and and they were vindicating that God was with him. Amen. the signs and wonders vindicated that what he told them was the truth. And and we know that they journeyed. And the Bible tells us that the Lord went before them by day in a pillar of cloud and and by night in a in a pillar of fire and and along the way the Red Sea was opened and mana rains down from heaven and bitter waters are made sweet and water comes from the rock and and the point of all this is saying that there was no denying that God was with them in their journey. Amen. that they were moving underneath a mighty message and and of course along the way there had been trials and there had been hardships and God had delivered and sustained them in each and every one that they faced and and even after they made the golden calf and and God was angered, we still see him in Exodus 34 come and renew his promise and his covenant with them again. It says here and he said, "Behold, I make a covenant." This is right after the the incident with the golden calf. And he says, "Before all thy people, I will do will do marvels such as have not been done in all the earth, nor in any nation, and all the people among which thou art shall see the work of the Lord. For it is a terrible thing that will that I will do with thee. Observe thou that which I command thee this day. Behold, I drive out before thee the Amorite and the Canaanite and the Hittite and the Perizzite and the Hivite and the Jebusite. So despite their failures, God was truth. Amen. I mean, he had delivered and he had walked and he had opened the Red Sea and he had reigned man and he did all these things and yet they failed him time after time. And yet in their failures, God remained true. Amen. And and God would deliver them time after time. And you know, I think tonight if we would sit here and and begin listing all the times that God had moved on our behalf and we began listing and looking back down through our life where he he delivered me here and and he healed me here and he he provided here and time after time he has confirmed his promise to us just like he did to Israel. Despite our failures, despite where we fell and where we let down the bar and where we didn't do the things we knew to do, God has come time after time and confirmed you are my people. I have called you. I have chosen you and I'm not going to abandon you on this journey because it it's not I haven't called you out to leave you in the wilderness. I haven't called you out in order for you to fail, but I've called you out that you might take the land. Amen. I believe we can all testify tonight that God has never left us. God has never failed us. And if we could truly get that on the inside of us. If you could really let that anchor down tonight in our hearts, I believe we could walk out tonight in in perfect faith realizing that everything's going to be all right. He's never failed before and he's not going to start failing now. He hasn't abandoned me before and he's not going to abandon me now. Whatever I'm facing, he's going to see me all the way through to the end. Amen. Whatever you're facing tonight, you don't have to back off. You don't have to be afraid because you're not facing it alone. He said, "I go before you to drive out the enemy. I go before you." Listen, he didn't send them into the wilderness on their own. He didn't send you into the trial you're in tonight on your own, but he said, "I'm going with you. I'm going before you. I'm driving out the enemy that you might conquer." Amen. You don't have to fear tonight. You don't have to back off tonight. The devil's telling you, "Well, you're not going to make it out of this one." And and you're going to fall to this. Listen, he's been telling you some of that, some of y'all that for the last 10 years. He's been telling people that for the last 20 years, but I'd like to acknowledge tonight. We're still here. &gt;&gt; We're still standing. And we're still fighting regardless that the devil said, "You're going to quit. You're going to fail. You're not going to make it." I look around and say, despite all that, despite the most evil age, despite every attack, there's still a bride standing tonight. You're not here on your own. You're here because you're called to it. You're not here on your own, but you're standing tonight because he has gone before you and he's given you the strength to stand. &gt;&gt; We're still here. Amen. the children of Israel under the message of the hour, under the leading of the pillar of fire and with the testimony of of all those victories, they come and they arrive at Kadesh and it's a decision time. It's a turning point and and we know here at Kadesh, if if you know the story, they failed to cross over. They failed to go in and take the land and to conquer all that God had given them. But but I want to look at us tonight on our journey. A as we journey we face many cadishes. Many times we have to make a decision. Do we trust God and press into the land or do we allow circumstances to derail us? And really if we think about it, we we face it every single day as we war with this flesh. Decision time. Every single day. Are you going to conquer today? Are you going to overcome today? Are you going to rise above the challenge today? And as we go forward in in this thought, I want you to make it personal because it's not it's not a group thing tonight. It's a you thing. It it's a me thing. Amen. You Caleb showed that with his testimony. The whole congregation rises up and they're like, "We can't do it. We're going back to Egypt." But Caleb showed us it's an individual thing. Look, you can all go back. You can all turn and go back, but I have a promise. I have a word. I'm going to take my mountain. It doesn't matter what everybody else does. It's a you thing tonight. Are you going to possess the promise? Are you going to stand true? Are you going to overcome in the hour of decision? Amen. Caleb said, "I'm here to win. I'm here to possess it all. You can all go back." Listen, church, we haven't been called out to go back. We haven't been called out to stop short. Reuben and Gad, they journeyed all the way right up to Jordan and they weren't willing to cross over. But there was somebody that said, "I'm gonna have my mountain." Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You're a people that's been called out to take the land in this day. Called out to take a rapture. Not just to have correct doctrine, although we're thankful for correct doctrine. Not just to have signs and wonders, although we're thankful for those things. God promised a rapture. &gt;&gt; These things aren't just pipe dreams. These things aren't just fairy tales. I'm not stopping short. I'm not settling for good life, although I'm thankful for a good life. I'm not settling for a good home, although I'm thankful for a good home. I believe every promise in the book is a true and living promise. There will be a body change. There will be a rapture. And I'm not going to settle down short of those things, but I'm going to press towards the mark of the high calling. Amen. Press for all of it. Because we're called to do more than just come out. We're not called to be a stagnant people. People who have remained in the same place, in the same condition year after year, and yet satisfied we've been called out, &gt;&gt; satisfied that we've come out under a message, satisfied that we're walking under the pillar of fire. So were they. And yet there are many of them, most of them were told that they weren't going to see the promised land. We can't be satisfied that we we've come out. But we got to be a people and say, "Why have we been called out? Why have we been pulled out?" Not pulled out to wonder in the wilderness. Not pulled out to die out there questioning God and doubting God. But we've been called out in this day as a testimony to show there's a living God. There's somebody that'll overcome the age, that'll make it through the wilderness, that'll go into the promised land, that'll receive a body change in this day. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. People going forward, people progressing in every aspect of our lives. Amen. And yet, we have to get it out of our heads that it's going to be easy. It isn't going to be easy. Never has been easy. is something that you are going to have to be willing to fight for. &gt;&gt; Amen. You know, as I read through the scriptures and I think about how many times the word tells us exactly what's going to happen. It tells us exactly how it's going to be and then we act shocked when it turns out exactly the way the word said it was going to turn out. You know, the the the the word describes the end time perfectly, nation against nation, and you know, men lovers of them pleasures over lover of God, disobedient, disrespectful. And yet, every time we see something like that, we run around like, can you believe how bad it is? Yeah, it told us it was going to be. &gt;&gt; Matter of fact, I'd be shocked if it wasn't. I'd say, "We must not be in the end time." Because when you read the word and it describes the end time and you look and you see it exactly how it's described, it helps you place things and recognize, yes, this is where we're standing. Amen. The word prepares us for it. But many times we act shocked. And if we go back to Genesis 15, when God begins to talk to Abraham about the land, and at this point in Genesis 15, he's already said to Abraham in Genesis 12 and also in Genesis 13 that that the land was given to him and his seed. And once again, we come to Genesis 15:18. And it says, ' In the same day, the Lord made a covenant with Abram, saying, unto thy seed have I given this land from the river of Egypt, unto the great river, the river Euphrates, the Kennites, and the Kennesites, and the Cadminites, and the Hittites, and the Perizzites, and the Refims, and the Amorites, and the Canaanites, and the Gegosites, and the Jebusites. Now, notice what he tells Abram. He tells them, "Who is currently dwelling in the land? who who's currently dwelling there and who will have to be dispossessed of the land in order for him to possess the land. Amen. And now look as he talks to Moses and then he tells him about the land. We're moving forward to Exodus, same land. And once again he tells them, "And I have come down to deliver them out of the hand of the Egyptians, and to bring them out of that land, unto a good land in a large, unto a land flowing with milk and honey, unto the place of the Canaanites, the Hittites, the Amorites, the Parizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites." Once again, he tells Moses who is currently in the land and who would have to be dispossessed of the land in order for Israel to claim their promise. Amen. And so the spies are sent over and and we know the story how they spend 40 days in the land spying out the land and and they come back to give their report and if you look at their testimony, it lines up exactly with the message that had been given to them. Oh, the fruits are there exactly like you said. And and we brought some back. Look at the grapes and the pomegranates. It's exactly like the word said it would be. And the milk and honey is there exactly how the word said it would be. And wait for it. We can't take it because those people that you said were going to be there, they're there just like you said it was going to be. Well, if they believed all that exactly how it said, then what about the part where he said, "But I go before you to drive out the Canaanites and drive out the Amorites and the Perizzites and the Jebusites." Suddenly, in the middle of circumstance, in the middle of circumstance, they forgot about the rest of the promise. We look at it and says, "Many are the afflictions of the righteous." But don't stop right there. Don't forget the rest of the promise. But the Lord delivers them out of them all. Yes, they were there. Yes, the enemy was there. Yes, the circumstances were bad. But he'd already told them that's how it was going to be. And he said, "Don't worry. I'm going before you to drive out your enemies." Up till this point, Caleb didn't have a reason to disagree with his brothers. He's just sitting back listening. They're like, "The fruit's there. there. The land's there and and all the Amalachites, they're all there. And he says, "Yep, let's go take it." He thought they was all on board, man. He was ready. He's because everything they're saying lined up with the word until you get to verse 31. But the men that went up with him said, "We be not able to go up against the people, for they are stronger than we." My first of all, the first thing that they're looking at that's an error is they're looking at their strength. &gt;&gt; It was never about their strength. &gt;&gt; It's never been about how good you are. It's never been about how you well you do this and how strong. No, it's always been about him. It's always been about his grace. It's always been about his strength. It's always been about his life manifesting through our lives. Amen. It wasn't them that had defeated Egypt. It wasn't them that had opened the Red Sea. It wasn't them that had caused mana to fall from heaven. It had always been him. But in this moment, when they wanted an excuse, it became, "But we're not able, brother. I'm just not able, brother. And I just I know. Get in line. Neither am I. None of us are. But by the grace of almighty God, if we'll just surrender ourselves, surrender our weakness and have perfect strength through that weakness and allow him to work, then you'll overcome. Then you'll defeat the enemy. Then that sin that so easily besets you, if you'll quit trying to do it yourself and you'll place it in the hands of God and surrender it, then you'll find the victory that your heart desires. It wasn't about them. And they go so far as saying, "Let's make captains and go back to Egypt." Why? Well, because the land's exactly how the word said it would be. What? Because those people he said were going to be there. They're there. And now in this moment, they realize it's all true. But all of a sudden, they're going to have to swing the sword and take the land. Suddenly, it's about them squaring off with the devil. They're going to have to go fight for it. And suddenly, they don't want no part of it. It's not going to be easy. You're going to have to face the enemy. You're going to have to look at the one that comes and torments you. You're going to have to square your shoulders back and take the sword of the word and stand there in courage. Listen, it's not always about knowing all the quotes and knowing all the scriptures and knowing that things are wonderful, but I heard brother Danny Steman say it like this one time. He said, "Why wouldn't anybody else go into the valley and face Goliath?" He said, "They were all in their tents looking for a quote on how to defeat him." He said, "But somebody was willing to go down there and face him and take the word and put it in action." You're going to have to be willing to face it. And it's not always going to be pretty and it's not always going to be fun. But you got to recognize I've been called to this. I'm called to conquer. I'm called to overcome. I've been anointed in this day for this battle. There is no giant going to conquer me. But I got to be willing to go into the valley tonight and take back what belongs to me. Amen. &gt;&gt; Suddenly, they want no part. And the word has told us that we're going to have to fight for every inch of ground we get. The word said we would have trials and tribulations. The word said scoffers would arise. We were told that we'd have to fight for every inch. Sermons like, "How can I overcome?" Possessing the gates of the enemy. And now, as we begin to press in and try to take the land, and we try to take another step, we're faced with the reality that it's just as bad as we were told it was going to be. The world is just as evil as we were told it was going to be. It's falling apart just like we were told it was going to be. But if all those things are true, if all those things are true, then so is everything else he's told us. I am the Lord God that health thee. I'll never leave you or forsake you. I go before you. I won't have I won't leave you. There is a rapture. You're part of it. There's a body change. You You'll be there and your offspring with you. That's the promises. They're all true. If the negative things are true that the word told us was coming, then what about the promises where he said, "I'll deliver you. I won't leave you. I'll go before you. All of those things are true as well tonight. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And then it's you tonight standing at Kadesh having seen the fruits. How many of you seen the fruits of the word in your life? The victories in your life, the victories in your family. Having seen the fruits, you know it's the truth. You know it's real. And the enemy stands right there on top of your promise and he's daring you to take the next step. &gt;&gt; Well, brother, what's the next step? Well, that's different for every one of us. Wherever you're at tonight, you got to take the next step. You got to progress. Brother Brandon would deal with it many, many times where he said they couldn't put their tent too deep in the ground because they knew when the pillar of fire moved, they had to move with it. Now, many people are standing at a place that they were led to. The children of Israel were led by the pillar of fire to place after place after place, but they weren't intended to stay in that place when the pillar of fire moved. And I've said it many times, and may maybe even here, but I want to say it again. It bears repeating. Many people are stuck at at their last camp meeting they were at. Many people are stuck at the point of their last major victory or the point of their last failure. Or you're at a place where the Holy Spirit led you to but the pillar of fire has moved on and yet there you are camped. Think about it. If you were still dancing on the banks of the Red Sea 3 weeks later, you were left behind. But you don't know what God did here. You don't know what a great miracle it was. And you're still there. And yet the pillar of fire has journeyed on. Not a new message, the same message. Being led by the message to progress in your life, to take the next step, to go further than where you're at in this moment. And he's daring you to take that next step, daring you to take the land. And I ask you tonight in this moment, are you willing to conquer? Are you willing to face the things that hinder you from progressing? The evidence is there. We've seen it's real over and over and over again. God has proven faithful over and over again. Healing, salvations, deliverance, transformed lives. We've seen it for ourselves. The land is exactly how the word described it. But battles await you. Prophet of God would tell us. He says, "Amen. There you are, the believer today. Yet we're heir to all things. Yet we're heir to every spiritual blessing, every physical blessing, every blessing the Bible promises. Yet you have to fight for every inch of it. That's the way God's got it set up. It's always been that way. You have to fight to possess what you know is your own. You have to fight to possess it. And that's what we have to do now. But they didn't mind coming out. They were thankful to come out. God did all the fighting. They just had to come out. They enjoyed the provisions. You know, the people enjoy a church service. They enjoy when the spirit falls. They they enjoy if it's a an emotional service and and there's a shout and a dance. They enjoy when the Lord deals with things. But what about when they walk out and they have to apply the word? &gt;&gt; They enjoyed the provisions. It was great when God defeated Egypt by plagues and the prophet was speaking. But now the same God's going to bring victory, but he wants to bring victory using your hands. &gt;&gt; You in here. It's great. If the preacher's preaching and he's cutting off demons heads and he's fighting and you're Yeah. Yeah. Then you walk out and you walk out those doors. Now he's going to use your hands. &gt;&gt; Now it's going to be your feet. &gt;&gt; And are you going to be willing to accept the challenge? That means it's going to get bloody. You're going to feel the breath of the enemy. Your faith is going to be tried. It'll be you having to put the sword in action. Your hands, your feet. It's now your life surrendered so that his life can live through you. Yes, he's going to bring the victory. But through who? A surrendered life willing to stand and face the enemy. It's going to be your hand that he wants. He wants to see, do you trust me in this day? He wants to see you put what you say you believe in action. He promised joy, but you're going to have to fight for it. He promised peace, but you're going to have to fight for it. He promised healing. You're going to have to fight for it. Every inch of it, you're going to have to fight for. Now, I want to stop for a minute and say this. Don't let the fact that you're fighting for it make you think it isn't happening. Don't let the devil come in and make you think just because it's been a battle and it's been a struggle that God isn't moving. In order to possess anything, you're going to fight for it. Amen. We came out and we've journeyed to the border and now it's time to conquer it. Listen, the message that we believe is full of power. This word is full of overcoming power. He's given us everything we need to conquer every single devil. And I say it's time that we quit sitting back taking the bluffs, taking the attacks, but it's time that we take the word and take the weapons and stand our ground. Say, "Devil, I'm not backing up anymore. As a matter of fact, I'm coming after everything you stole from me." Listen, our God is a God that says, "Pursue." When David had everything stole and his wife taken and he prayed, says, "Shall I pursue?" God said, "Pursue." We're not called to sit back and be robbed day after day after day. But the word saying tonight, it's time for you to pursue. &gt;&gt; Should I go after it? Yes, go after it. But he took my joy. Go after it. He took my peace. Go after it. He took my children. I say go after them tonight. You've been given everything you need to pursue and to conquer and to overtake in this day. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. It's time to release the word. You release the word. You take the word upon your lips. Prophet of God would tell us that's the same as deity speaking. Take the word on your lips and release the word for your situation and let it drive out your enemies. Amen. I'm just going to say it like this and we may get real plain for a minute. I said, Lord, why why are we going to preach this? Let's just deal with it. It's not time for murmuring and complaining. It's time for that to stop. And I don't just mean about church. I mean about everything. Quit being so negative. We ought to be the most positive people in the world. Listen, you're prophet and I don't try to to say too much about it, you know, around people complaining because I think one of the horriblest things is to see a man or a woman that's constantly complaining. I've always thought, "God, keep me from it." See that? That weakens faith all the time. You know, he also says that if you complain too much, your water supply gets cut off. He says, "Isn't that just like the church today? Come out of Egypt, come out of the world, out here in this glorious church of the living God, the firstborn, cuz we have little trials God asked us to believe and to hold on. We still complain about it." Now, notice another thing they had done. They left the people back there that had no signs to live under the pillar of fire in a cloud and was complaining about it. No wonder their water supply was cut off. That's what's the matter with the church today. There's too much grumbling about things, complaining. Be satisfied and keep moving on, &gt;&gt; pressing on. Amen. What are you saying? Testify of his goodness tonight. Testify of his grace tonight. testify of his mercies. Testify of all that God has done. Listen, if we would testify of all the things God has done for us in our life, we would be here so long. We wouldn't have time to dwell on the negative and dwell on the attacks. But just let our mouth give voice to the goodness of Almighty God, to the grace of Almighty God. What he's done in my life, what he's done in my children's life, what he's done in the church, what he's done in the families, what he's done for us is an inexhaustible testimony that we have to speak positive things, to speak life. Amen. Don't be a complainer. Don't be negative. Rise above negativity and begin to speak positive things. Speak about the positives in your life, the good things in your life. Speak about the goodness you see in other people instead of the negatives. My, that one's hard sometimes. Why is it so much easier to see the negatives in our brothers and sisters versus the positives that they bring? It's life. There's going to be plenty of opportunity to grumble. Attacks are coming. Bad days are coming. People are going to offend you. It's coming. You're going to have bad days. You're going to have tough trials. You're going to have people turn their back on you. You're going to get talked about. You're going to get offended. It's coming. But when those attacks come and those days come and those battles come, you have to be determined. I'm going to conquer. I'm going to overcome. This is not going to take me down. I know this isn't going to get me down, but I'm going to look away from this attack. I'm going to look away from this negative. I'm going to look to all the wonderful promises that are in this word. I'm going to look at the fact that a message has called my name. That I'm predestined. That I was seen there before the foundation of the world shouting. I've got so much to thank him for. He's been so so good to me. That is going to be my focus. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Facts are going to be lined up. may be against you. They use facts at Kadesh. Everything they said was factual about all the giants. Bailac is going to try to come and show the backside of the camp this flaw, that flaw, this mess up, that mistake. that spirit, it'll come around and begin to point out the backside of church leaders, all your brothers and sisters, their humanities, their faults, their failures, their worst parts, and not the whole picture. &gt;&gt; Listen, just let me say something that is not spiritual to be able to see other people's faults and failures. &gt;&gt; It's not spiritual to be able to criticize. anyone can criticize. &gt;&gt; But I ask you, when it happens, will you conquer? Will you be the one that raises up and begins to point out the positives? Will you be the one that says, "You know, we really shouldn't, you know, talk about that brother that way." Or will you join in? It's so easy to join in. It's so easy because we all notice each other's thoughts. We do. Whether we dwell on or not, we notice and then somebody starts yapping and we step right into it. ask you to conquer those things. Raise above those things. Not entertaining, not speaking gossip, not piling on. News flash, we all have carnal parts. We all have things that could be better, traits that rub other people the wrong way, shortcomings of character. And despite all that, God called us. &gt;&gt; Despite all that, he said, "I've chosen you. I sent you a message. I sent unto you Malachi 4. God called us. God chose us. God loves us. And God is moving in our midst. I love this quote. He said, "Yes, Israel had their carnal parts. They had their side that wasn't praiseworthy." We can all say amen to that. But in spite of their imperfections, by the purpose of God that works through election by grace and not by works, they had the cloud by day and the pillar of fire by night. They had the smitten rock, the brazen serpent, and the signs and wonders. They were vindicated not in themselves, but in God. Do we have our flaws? Yes. Do we have our failures? Yes. Do we have our back parts? Yes. Oh, but we're vindicated by the pillar of fire, the pillar of cloud by day. God is with us. God has called us. God has chosen us. So look away from the carnality. Look away from your own faults and failures and look to the fact I've been called. I've been chosen. And I've been called for a purpose to overcome in Leodysa. To make it all the way, not die in the wilderness. Not stop halfway. I'm going to make it all the way over. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Oh, but I'm a failure. Yes. I've never understood trying to convince people that we're not. But we're called. But I've got so many mistakes. Yeah, take a number. Get in line. This ain't a pity party. But we're going to make it. &gt;&gt; We're called and chosen. God's in the camp. God's in our midst. God's breaking the bread of life to us. He's going before us. He's giving us the victory. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. We've got so much to praise him for. The spies come back and the first part of what they said was perfect. They agreed with the word. It's real. Look at the fruit. And in our own walk, if we would stick to our original testimony, you know how it is when you first fall in love with Jesus. when you first come back, when you have that wakeup call and he calls your name and and you step in and God is good and thank God for his mercies and God is wonderful. If you'd stick to that testimony, but where we at a year down the road? Where are we at two years down the road? You know, when you first fell in love with Jesus and you experienced him for yourself and you're like, "It's real. Look at the fruits. It's true. Just how the spies did." But then all of a sudden sickness strikes. Then all of a sudden strife's in the home and jobs not going good. And suddenly it's a battle. And if we aren't careful, we begin to speak the second part of their testimony. And we begin to give voice to the strength of the enemy instead of the strength of our God. They began to give voice to the strength of the enemy. Voice to the attack. Voice to the sickness. voice to the depression. You don't know how bad this is. You don't know how bad this situation is. And I admit I don't. But what I do know is how great my God is. How true his promises are. And we begin to give voice to the wrong thing. But this trial so big, this temptation so hard. This has run in my family for years. My granddaddy had it and my daddy had it and now and now I have it. Yeah. It's going to be a fight. You're called out to conquer. You can't conquer without a battle. Amen. Prophet of God tells us. He said, "I'll give it to you. It's full of giants. You'll have to fight every inch of the way, but every place the souls are your footsteps. That's possession. Go take it sure as I'll be with you." What's it saying? You may be getting hit time after time, but just keep putting one foot in front of the other. It's a hard day. Take a step. I've got a It's worse than ever. Take a step. The symptoms are worse. Take a step. My son went further into the world. Take a step. The job situation's worse than ever. Take another step and put one foot in front of the other foot because footsteps are possession. &gt;&gt; Just keep progressing. church. Anybody can testify in the revival. Anybody can testify after the special meetings. Anybody can worship on the mountaintop. Job's good. Family's good. Health's good. But the minute the hardships begin, they want to back up. They want to back off. All of a sudden, their praise and service isn't so noticeable. All of a sudden, the shout is fewer and far between. But sons and daughters of God, praise and worship isn't conditional. It It isn't based on circumstance. I don't need the perfect song to make me shout. I don't need the perfect sermon to make me dance. I don't need everything to be right. I praise him because of all he's done for me. I worship him because he's such a good God and he's been so good to me. It's not circumstantial. And when the wars come and the battles come and I want to quit. You ever been there? And I want to quit and I want to just say I I've had enough but I can't because it ain't me and it ain't my strength. But there's something that was deposited on the inside of every true believer before the foundation of the world. It's a segene of God and it cannot quit. It cannot stop. And just as Christ listen, he was going to Calvary and you know he wanted to stop but he couldn't stop because there was something on the inside of him. There was a bride that had to be manifested and he had to be put to sleep in order for that bride to be pulled from his side. And now there's a bride that can't stop because there's a Christ on the inside of her that has to be manifested to a dying world. We can't quit, but we're called to conquer. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; We can't back off. Even when all hell's against you, there's something inside of you that says, "Even now. Even now, his word is true. Even now, I'm a child of God. Even now, I will remember his benefits. I'm going to trust him. Even now, things have gotten so much worse. Even now, &gt;&gt; and even now, I'm going to conquer." &gt;&gt; What does it mean to conquer? to gain or acquire by force of arms. To bring under domination or control, especially by conquest, to gain a victory over, surmount, master, overcome. All of these things tell us that there was a fight, there was a battle. Yeah, I say this a lot. You know, brother Jonathan, we were mentioning some things like this on the way here, but so many people get so discouraged when they get punched in a battle or the devil lands a blow. They're like, "Oh, the devil hit that." Well, yeah, you're in a fight. What What do you think? What's he supposed to do? But I promise you, if you think back to great fighters down through history and think about their record, nobody remembers how many times they got punched. I don't remember how many times Mike Tyson got hit. All I remember is he won. &gt;&gt; And when we get to that final day, the Lord's not going to look at it and go, "Well, you got hit hard on this day and you got hit hard on this day." The only thing that shows is you answered the bell. You got back up. You walked back to the middle of the ring and you kept fighting and at the end of the fight, your hand was raised as victorious. Yes, you're getting hit because you're in a fight. That means you're in a battle. Now answer the bell. Come back to the middle of the ring and recognize I've been called to conquer. I've been called for this moment. I've called for a fight. I may get hit. I may get knocked down, but I can't stay down. Something raises me back up and says it's time to do it again. And this time, I'm going to win. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The thing about Israel and that generation that wandered in the wilderness is they never did conquer. Not at any point in their story. It was a cycle. It was constant failure with God bailing them out time after time after time. God had continually delivered them despite their attitudes, despite their unbelief. And before Kadesh, they had never conquered. Really, if you read the story up to Kadish, you're not even expecting them to conquer. They had always murmured. They had always complained. They had always turned and walked away in the wrong moments. They griped at each place. They griped at each hardship and yet called out following a message. There's a cycle. I want to say this to you young people gathered here tonight. And you know what? Everybody here, your problems don't just go away. You don't just outgrow those things. You have to overcome them. &gt;&gt; You have to conquer them. Many times, young people have issues and whatnot, and they think, "If I can just grow up and get married, then these things will be taken care of." No, those issues are going to follow you into your marriage. grown-ups. We may be older now and still dealing with things that we've been dealing with since we was teenagers because we keep expecting it to just go away. They don't just go away. You got to face these things. You got to admit shortcomings. You got to repent of those failures, put them under the blood, rise up, and conquer those things by the power of the Holy Spirit. We can't just pretend until these things go away. Amen. We got to become subject to the word. We got to bring ourselves subject. I'll give some examples. If you constantly respond in doubt, then you will always respond in doubt until you conquer that. If you always respond in temper, then you will always respond in temper until you conquer that. If you always fall to the same besetting sin, the same complex, the same fear, then you're going to continue that until you face it. Quit making excuses of, "Well, my mama was this way. Mama was nervous person. I I just got it from mama. Daddy was this way. They just got I understand that family traits are passed on. I've got plenty of bad ones come down through my life. Think about it. Why you think the doctor wants to know your daddy's family history when you go sing? Your daddy's medical history. What do you is there? Did your mom or dad have diabetes? Did your mom or dad? Because they know those things can be passed on. And the devil comes and he says, "Yeah, but you know, you're going to have to deal with this the rest of your life because it came down from great granddaddy and then granddaddy. And then I just like the devil to know tonight that's okay cuz I got a new father and the genetics of him is flowing through that. his blood flowing through my vein. And he was a conqueror. He was an overcomer. And the life that he lived now lives on the inside of me. So I'm not subject to family curses. I'm not subject to family cycles. I'm not subject to those things. I have a right tonight to stand up and say, "By the power of the new birth, by the power of the Holy Ghost. I am no longer subject to the things that the devil has put in my family line." Amen. &gt;&gt; God brought us here to conquer, to be cycle breakers. He brought you here to conquer and he's given you everything you have need of to do it. And he expects us to do it. And it starts with self. It starts with self. You have to conquer this land. You've got to conquer this earth right here. And the way you do that is by dying out daily. dying out to your flesh and letting the Holy Spirit reign. You got to crucify this flesh. &gt;&gt; You got to crucify this flesh. Amen. This flesh is not your friend. Let's just go ahead. You got two enemies. And I'm not sure which one's worse. The devil and this flesh. The reason I say that is because sometimes we don't recognize this one. It is not your friend. You are your worst enemy. The prophet of God said that. The worst enemy I've got is William Brown. You are your worst enemy and you've got to die every day to your own will and your own desires. Listen to the prophet right here. He says, "And you're bound to be backsliding constantly." What? No, not me. I'm stalwart. You're that's you are bound to be backsliding constantly. So, it takes a constant prayer to God. Paul said, "I die daily." And if Paul had to die daily, how much more am I going? I'm going to have to stay dead all the time. If Paul had to die daily to stay right with God, and so we'll all have to do that. Just die out to yourself. And that's getting God's way. &gt;&gt; See, what happens is that old man, that flesh that you conquered, it begins to try to raise up again. That flesh begins to try to rise up again. that rebelliousness that you conquered, it tries to rise up again. Don't don't don't be shocked when the thing that you've conquered begins to lift its head up once again. Don't don't don't be shocked by that. Don't think, "Well," and here's where the devil plays. As soon as that thing raises up, he begins to say, "See, you didn't get nothing from God. &gt;&gt; See, you didn't get anything from God." Listen, I believe in a work of the Holy Ghost that keeps us from sin and makes us overcomers. But we got to get away from the mindset that every time I got a little thought that came through my head or every time I got a little stumble. Well, I got nothing. And we back off &gt;&gt; and we give it all back. And the devil comes in and say, "See, you didn't get nothing from God. I must not be a real Christian because that old man tried to resurrect. That old man's always going to try to resurrect for the rest of your life." And the devil comes and tries to make you feel guilty because you're fighting battles. He tries to make you feel like a failure for the temptation that he brought. Think about that for a minute. Fighting battles is not failure. Being tempted is not failure. Jesus Christ was tempted. Jesus fought battles, but he was a conqueror. And that's what we are in this day. You're going to face temptation and battles the rest of your life in some form of another. But I want to go ahead and tell you the good news. You are going to win those battles. You're going to overcome those battles. You're going to rise above those temptations. How? Because greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. Amen. He didn't send you here by yourself. He didn't ask you to do it all along. This power, it's a tested power. This power, it works. He said what? be of good cheer. I have overcome the world. Amen. And then what's he do? He takes that power. He takes the very life that he overcame with and he sends it back to you. And the word says he was tempted how? In all points as we are. He was tempted in all points. So what's that mean? The depression that's attacking you, it's already been defeated by that life. The fear has already been defeated by that life. The lust that comes and tries to tempt you has already been defeated by that life. And then he gives that life to you to place in your life, the Holy Ghost. And he says, "Now conquer like I conquered. How do I do it?" The very life that did it once comes in into your life. Many of you have been battling things for weeks and months and years and you're fighting it and you're fighting it and you're struggling and you're struggling and yet there's a life on the inside of you looking at that thing saying, "Will you turn me loose? I've already defeated this thing once. Let me out. I've already defeated depression once. I've already overcome anxiety once. I've defeated lust before. Just turn me loose and let me take this devil on. Turn the God on the inside of you loose in your battle tonight. Quit trying to do it on your own, but say, "Lord, I'm letting you fight this battle for me. I'm turning you loose against my enemies." Hallelujah. It gives you a strength. Where you couldn't, now you can. Whereas before you would constantly fall, now you can stand. Amen. Glory. You have the power to keep the old man dead. That doesn't mean he doesn't try to raise up, but you got to keep him dead. Listen to your prophet. Nothing less. He that will follow me, let him deny himself. Take up his cross and die daily. How can you die daily unless there's something alive daily to die to? That's right. Stay dead there on the cross. That's right. Now, here's the word we don't like. Agony. Oh, brother Aaron, the Christian walks full of joy and peace and overcoming and it's just wonderful and happy. All the agony. How often is that going to be every day? This sounds awesome. You got to crucify your flesh every day. And it's not a fun thing to do. Now admittedly, some people have stronger natures than others. Some people just by our natural makeup, it's a it's a more difficult thing for some people. I I I get that. But what it means here is it's very easy to be who you are by your natural birth. It's easy for me to act like my dad. My dad, God, God God rest his soul. He was a saved man. But there was many years he didn't serve the Lord. And I saw that horrible temper. What they'd say about my dad, he didn't get mad, he'd go mad. That's there somewhere on the inside of me. I've seen it try to raise up. It would be easy to go that way. I'll give an example. I don't share this with everybody, but I've already told y'all. Y'all are my friends. I love y'all. By nature, Brother John may remember this side of me. By nature, I have a very smart mouth. Somebody says something, my brain says something and I got something to pop off or but I don't want to be that way. So I say, God, the same Holy Spirit that saved me and cleaned me up and gave me the power to overcome, Lord, will you give me a sweeter spirit and a more gentle response? Lord, will you allow me to think before No. Well, that should I say that? Can I? I tell my wife sometimes. I said, you know, the filter actually works. you would give me an award if you knew all the stuff I didn't say. But it's just an honest moment. I I that's a battle I have. My thoughts are smart. Alec, I'm not proud. I'm not proud of that. It's actually gotten me in a lot of trouble. It's hurt feelings. It's made friends very angry at me. It's something I have to work on because in the moment, that's the easy thing. That's the default. Somebody says something to me, that's the default. left to eat. The agony is and walking away. The agony is in that moment where you feel justified to let that temper loose. You've been done wrong, genuinely done wrong. You have that moment where that temper raises up and in your mind and according to the flesh, you have every right to let it fly. What's the agony? Let me goes easy. The agony is turning away and saying, "God bless you, brother. Crucify that flesh." That's the there's there's agony in that. It's easy to be angry if you got a temper problem. It's easy to talk about people if you got a gossip issue, but agony is crucifying and killing that part of yourself and keeping it dead when a situation arises that you feel warrants that response. There's agony in walking away when you got so much you could say. You got to crucify that guy. Cast down your ideas. Cast down everything you know. We got to get to a place, church, where we quit letting all the wonderful stuff we know hinder us. They say, "What do you mean by that?" You got to forget what you know and know him. Paul said he had to forget everything he knew in order to know Christ. It was because of all he knew that he had to die daily. Think about all the teaching that would try to come back. all the wonderful things he knew and the arguments he and the way he he had to die to that every single day and he had to keep his own thinking from creeping in. Prophet of God tells us you've got to repent and die daily to live in Jesus Christ. So every daily every day you've got to die every day to live in Christ Jesus. If you want to progress, if you want to move forward, there are things you got to be willing to fight about yourself. We got to be willing to take account of who we are and then be willing to crucify the parts that hinder us. You want revival fires in your home. You want revival fires in your life. More importantly, that's where they start. Revival fires start in you. They don't start here. Revival fires start in you. &gt;&gt; You want revival fires, die daily. Brother Brandon would tell us the quickest way to end a revival is let the old man resurrect. If you want those revival fires burning, you want to see it in your home. You want to see it in your children. You want to see it in the house of God. How do I do it, brother? Die daily. Lay down more of yourself and seek more of God. That old man rising up will put that fire out so quick. Sure. It's that flesh. Think about it. What is it? It's the flesh that keeps you from praying through. It's the flesh that keeps you from praying enough and reading your Bible enough. It's the flesh that keeps you from entering in. Your spirit wants to. You have you felt the joy of the Lord. He's done so much for you and yet your flesh is tired. You got mad at a brother. You got upset about something that was said and works got you frustrated and now you're struggling to break through. It's time to die again. Prophet says, and I want to take my subject this morning of this, how can I overcome? Now, I chose this because I think that it's a time that we should never let the spirit of revival die. We've got to keep in revival, constantly revived every day. Paul said he had to die daily that Christ could live. And we must never let that revival die within us. What's he saying? Paul said, "In order to have revival, you got to die daily." If you want those revival fires burning, you got to die daily. Because the idea, church, isn't that we just come out. There was a calling out, but there's got to be a going into. We've got to be progressing towards that body change, progressing towards that rapture, progressing towards the promised land. The idea is to take the land and to take the rapture. And we're never going to do that being satisfied with who we are. We're never going to do that being satisfied with where we are. And I don't mean to nitpick ourselves to death. That's not what I mean. But I mean when we see something contrary to the word rise up in our flesh that we take it subject and by the word we cast that thing down. &gt;&gt; Amen. I got to have more. I got to get more. I've got to improve. But here's the real problem with humanity. The problem is we tend to take pride in what we're good at and what we're best at and then we try to build on that. And so the areas that we're not so good in get neglected and we're we're good at this. So we put another block there and man, we build that up real strong and real good and and that part's getting all neglected instead of facing what we're worst at. What is our weakness? &gt;&gt; What is your weakest point as a Christian? And so what we like to do is just look this way and ignore it instead of addressing it. Lord Lord, why do I why do I struggle to read the Bible? Why why do I struggle in this area that I shouldn't struggle? But why? Instead of just ignoring it and moving on, we got to face our weaknesses. Acknowledge what I need to attack and go after it. I I say this all the time. Some people do not regularly self-reflect and it shows. I believe very very very strongly in self-reflection, more importantly reflection through the word. but being willing to stop and look at my life and examine my life and say, "How can I grow as a person?" Because let me get back to what I said at the very beginning. Yes, the token came to deliver us from sin and to seal us that we could take a rapture. But I don't believe that there's mean-spirited mean as a rattlesnake people going in in the rapture. What do you mean by I know a lot of people, man, you know, they don't watch bad movies, they don't say bad words, they dress to a tea, but buddy, you cross them and they're mean and quick with that tongue. And I'm like, I believe that the token that the Holy Spirit can work on that. &gt;&gt; Not just make it to where I don't do these sinful things and I dress the part and I'm always in church with a token do that. Absolutely. But we got to let it work in all of our lives. What about my attitude when the preacher won't be quiet and he preaches too long? What about my attitude when the song service ain't going? I don't know. Apparently, I need to work on that. The other night, something went wrong in the song service and everybody said, "We could see it on your face." I'm like, "Huh? Really?" Because they nailed me. And I was like, "We all need to check up our attitudes. Why do we come to church? Is it for a concert?" It's for worship. to him. It's We're just here to pour our hearts out and and and to get all we can get from him. But but Lord, work on our attitudes. How how can I be a better friend? How can I be a better dad? How can I be a better husband? What are my weaknesses in that area? And instead of shying away from them and making excuses for them, we should make them a matter of prayer and say, "I'm going to conquer those things &gt;&gt; by the power of the Holy Spirit. I'm going to let him change me and mold me, and I got things I got to deal with, Lord. I don't want to be that way, but let that same power of the Holy Spirit mold my flesh." You know, I say this all the time. Self-reflection is no good if you find nothing wrong. How you going to apply the blood or apply the token if you find nothing that you need to apply it to? I used to get very frustrated and I understand it now, but the school when I was a school teacher, they would come in twice a year and they would um observe you teach. And they would tell me, no matter how good the lesson is, no matter how perfect it is, we have to find at least two things wrong. And that used to really frustrate me. I'm like, you're telling me I can't do this good enough? But now I look back and I realize they didn't want you complacent. They didn't want you settling in going, "Well, I got this. I'm good enough. I don't have to learn. I don't have to progress. I don't." So they would look and they would nitpick you to where you never got comfortable. Listen, the only thing I'm comfortable in is that his grace is sufficient. We can be comfortable in that. We can be comfortable in that the sacrifice was accepted. We can be comfortable in that our name was lit written on the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. But he wants the people who manifest his life through our lives. So I can't be comfortable in who Aaron Oglesby is, but I got to constantly be saying, "Where can I lay more of myself down? Where can I let him shine through me more? Where is an area where I'm blocking the light from shining out because this flesh is in the way? Where is somewhere that I can improve and let the grace and mercy and love of God shine through my life to a dying world better than I do now? Change me, Lord. Let me get better. Quit. I I don't want to be satisfied with where I'm standing at tonight. We spend way too much time reflecting on others lives. And I want you to understand this tonight. I'm not saying you're not in a good place. This isn't to condemn you for any failure. This is to say, let's just press on to all that God has for us. Don't limit what you can be in God. Don't limit in what you can be the more you surrender to him. Let the word work in every aspect of my life. Yes, you're saved. Yes, called. Yes, chosen. But now, let's take the power of the blood and let it work in our life to its full potential. That we can be everything that he wanted us to be. And I'm not telling you to wallow in your failures. I don't believe in that. But don't ignore them. Face them. And by God's grace, tonight, let's rise above those. Prophet said, "For God is with us. Then who can be against us? The great morning star is over us. The banner of Christ. We're bound to conquer. We're bound to conquer. But we got to be willing to fight. It's time to overcome the thing that's been hindering you your entire life. That crutch that you've been holding on to. That's one people don't like to talk about. Sometimes people don't even realize that they've been crutching it their whole life is what I like to say. You hear so many different I I was raised so poor and I've got a I've got a bad past and my parents they didn't love me. I didn't have parents suffered horrible tragedy and I have emotional scars from my childhood. I come from a broken home. Serious things. And I'm not making light of any of those. I come from a broken home. I know the pain of that. They're real and they're hurtful. But too many people choose to live in that hurt. They choose to read the same page of their story over and over and over and over. They choose to live right there and they point back to that hurt and they point back to that excuse. You weren't called for that thing to conquer you. You were called to conquer it. You were called to be a testimony. You don't understand what I went through and the things I like to tell this story. There were two brothers. One was the CEO of a Fortune 500 company and one was a homeless man under a bridge. They were twins. The homeless man under the bridge was an alcoholic. And they came and interviewed him and they asked him, "Why are you this way? What led you to this point?" And they both gave the same answer. I watched my dad. One of them followed in his footsteps. One of them rejected that and said, "That's not going to be what defines me. I'm going to be a cycle breaker." You have a choice in your life. I'm not saying those things don't have an effect. But what I'm saying is there's more to your story. The word tells us he's the author and the finisher. But many of us have a horrible failure, a horrible tragedy, a horrible place in our life, a place of real pain, or a place where we really messed up. And we're stuck on chapter three. And we're stuck right there. And all I'm trying to tell you tonight is the author has written the rest of your story. There's more chapters in the book. This chapter doesn't define you. Your failure doesn't define you. That depression doesn't define you. That attack doesn't define you. Let's turn the page tonight. Let's realize that there's grace on the next page. There's mercy on the next page. There's victory on the next page. There's chapter after chapter to come of God's mercy and God's grace. And at the back of the book, you are the victor. You are the winner. But if you stay on that same page, you're going to stay in defeat. &gt;&gt; But you're not called to defeat. You're called to conquer. And I'm saying, let something rise up in you tonight that says, I'm going to turn the page tonight. I'm not talking about a new leaf. I'm talking about I'm going to walk in what God has predestinated me to walk in. I'm going to progress into all that God has called me to be. And I'm not going to let my life be stuck in this place of defeat, in this place of hurt, in this place of tragedy. But I'm moving on in the goodness of God. It's a kadish moment. It's time to cast down those things and move on. You can progress. You can take more. You've been called out to conquer tonight. Listen, the struggles of the flesh, and I'm I'm just going to bring this down to a close. The struggles of the flesh are a result of the fall. Temper, fear, complexes, pride, whatever you want to place there, the fruits of the curse. But you've been called to overcome that curse by the power of the Holy Ghost. Jesus crushed that curse. And then he sent back that same life to live in you so that you can crush it, too. Cursed flesh. That's what this is. Cursed flesh being defeated every single day by the power of the Holy Ghost on the inside of you. But I got to tell you, you have to start turning down the lie of the enemy. You've got to start turning it down when he says that your failures define you. Turn it down when he says your sins define you. Turn it down when he says this is just how you are. Because in order to accept the promise, you have to turn down the lie. Turn it down when he says you're not good enough. Turn it down when he says you're never going to make it. Turn it down when he points to family traits. Turn down complexes. Turn down fears. turn down your own flesh and crucify it tonight because there's something on the inside of you that's made to believe. Something on the inside of you is made to persevere and and to cast Satan down. But in order to do so, you got to cast down the lie. Prophet of God told us that Eve had to deny God's word before she could accept the lie. So in accepting one, there has to be a casting down of the other. Oh church, if we would hold on to the promises as tight as we hold on to our complexes. If we would hold on to the promises as tight as we hold on to those grudges that we have against people, the things we won't forgive our parents of. If we would hold on to the promises instead of holding on to those things so tight. But you got to cast it down tonight in order to grab hold of the promises. You got to move away from that place you've been camped at for so long. It's not good enough. I'm thank God you came out. I thank God for what he's done in your life. But we got to progress tonight. We got to go further with God tonight. We got to be willing to say, "Lord, I surrender it all. I lay it all down and I'm not going to pick it up tonight cuz I'm called out to conquer. I'm called to be an overcomer. I'm not called to be beat down by lies and fears and complexes and what the enemy says." The enemy has no say in who you are. The enemy doesn't get to name you. Nobody else got to name my children. He can't come in and say complex and fear and suicide. It's no right. I will not respond to those things. That's not what defines me. I am a child of God. I am an overcomer. I'm not going to fall in the wilderness. I'm not going to die by the wayside. I am called to conquer in this day. Hallelujah. Let your bitterness go tonight. Let forgiveness flow out of your life tonight. You can't carry those things around and overcome at the same time. Let the word change your thinking to a positive thinking. How do we overcome him? By the blood of the lamb and the word of our testimony. Let it be a positive testimony of the goodness of God. Yeah. Look, faith may acknowledge the trial, but it doesn't acknowledge it in fear. It acknowledges the way David acknowledged Goliath. Who is this? Who are you, great mountain? I want to ask that thing in your life that says it's going to destroy you, that's not going to let you progress, that's going to keep you in this same place. Who are you, great mountain, that you shall not bow? God's calling on a people in this day who aren't afraid to stand and take the word upon their lips. He says you'll never be ashamed. What's that mean? What's that mean? He'll back up what you speak. He'll back up if you claim your healing. He'll back it up when you claim your loved ones. He'll back it up when you claim the baptism of the Holy Ghost. He's not going to leave you holding the bag, ashamed in some situation. He says, "My people shall never be ashamed. Forget not all his benefits tonight. Go into the valley and face your giant." You're called for it. &gt;&gt; Called to more than coming out, called to conquer. Nay, in all these things, we are more than conquerors through him that loved us. As we close this out, I want to look back at Caleb there in Numbers after he steals the people and he says, "Let's go take the land." The gripers and the skeptics and the pessim folks, they bring up an evil report and they cap it off with this. They say, "And there we saw the giants, the sons of Anoch, which come of the giants, and we were in their own sight as grasshoppers. And so we were in their sight. Now, I want you to watch the Lord's attitude towards Caleb's confession and towards their confession. Here's what they said. But we know what Caleb said. Let's go up and take it. We're more than able. And watch the Lord's uh attitude towards these confessions. Surely they shall not see the land which I swear unto their fathers. Neither shall any of them that provoked me see it. But my servant Caleb, because he had another spirit with him, and hath followed me fully, him will I bring into the land whereinto he went, and his seed shall possess it. Let me ask you a question. In that moment, had Caleb conquered those giants? Let's bring it down to your situation. In that moment, were you healed? Were you delivered right there? Was it manifested yet? Maybe I should ask it that way. No, he just testified what the word said. That's all he did. And they were unwilling to testify what the word said. And because of his testimony, the Lord confirms it to him. You're going to have exactly what I promised you because you were willing to stand and say what the word says. But what I want to watch now is the manifestation of his positive confession. In Judges, it begins to talk about the failure to complete the conquest. Still people not possessing. Still people failing to conquer. It says Benjamin did not drive out the Jebusites and neither did Manasseh. Neither did Ephraim. Neither did Zebulon. But let's see what it says about Caleb. And they gave Hebron unto Caleb, as Moses said, and he expelled thence the three sons of Anoch. What? What's so special about this? The first thing he did is what they said couldn't be done. They said, "We can't take it because the sons of Anoch are there. We can't do it." And in this day, there's many people rising up saying, "The world's too evil. There can't be a bride. There can't be one take a rapture. But I got a word that says I will have a bride without spot and without wrinkle. And I don't care what the others are saying. There's a people saying I'm just going to testify what the word said. I'm just going to say what the word said. If he said he'll have a church without spot or wrinkle, I say give me my mountain. I say I'm part of that. And the Lord comes back and confirms and says because of this you will have what I promised you. And I say like Caleb, why don't we do what they said can't be done? I say we're going to take a rapture. We're going to take a body change. We're gonna overcome in this day. We're going to live above sin. Why? Because you're special? No. Because the word said we could have it. The word said we could take a rapture. The word said we could live above sin. Oh, was Caleb something special? No. He just took God at his word. He probably had complexes like everybody else. He had problems like everybody else, but he trusted what the word said and he put the word in action and it manifested in a victory. You want to see victory in your home? Put the word in action. Put the word in action tonight. They said, "We're going back to Egypt." Caleb said, "I ain't going nowhere. I'm going to have my mountain." Because he had a word and he had a promise. Give me my mountain. Church, you're called to more than just coming out. You're called to be a Caleb. You're called to possession. It's not about what family you're from tonight. It's not about your past failures tonight. It's not about your abilities or your inabilities or your liabilities. It's about him working through you &gt;&gt; to conquer the land. Brother Aaron, I have problems. Yeah, I I got a lot of them. I got failures. I got problems. But he said, "I'll go before you. I'll endure you from p with power from on high. I'll have a church." I say, "We got to start conquering every excuse that stands in our way. Release the word in our situation and watch mountains move because we are mountain movers." Prophet God says it like this. Let's go forward. How many is that your prayer tonight? Will you stand together with me? Stand together with me while we read this quote. He said, "Let's just go forward following the steps of our great leader and conquer it." Remember God told Joshua, "Every place the souls of your footsteps, that's possession, brother." Then footsteps means possession. Let's just keep walking into the promised land, not looking back to see what had happened back there and what somebody else is doing. Keep your eyes on Jesus, the Joshua, the leader. Just keep moving on. deeper depths, higher heights until you possess everything that God promised you in his word. What are you preaching about tonight, Brother Aaron? I'm preaching that there's more for me tonight. There's a deeper relationship for me tonight. And I just want to ask you tonight as we start this weekend of meetings, how many be willing to say, "Lord, I realize there's more for me. I want everything you have for me, Lord. Every place, Lord God, where I've hindered because I wouldn't surrender. every place, Lord. Lord, as we bow our heads for it before you right now, Lord, humbly. And we recognize we're full of failures. We're for full of carnality, Lord. There's so many things in our life, but Lord, as a people, we surrender those things tonight, Lord. We want to conquer the land, Lord. I want to start right here in me, Lord. It's not my job to conquer everybody else's problems, Lord. But Lord, let me be a better father, a better Christian, a better husband, Lord. I want to lay down everything and allow that token to work in my life, Father. Lord, allow the Holy Spirit, Lord, don't let me hinder it. Lord, don't let me limit it. But tonight, Lord, I want to do away with every excuse, Lord. Every complex, every place, Lord God, where I worry about what other people think instead of what you think, Lord, I want to press into the land. Lord, I don't want to limit you, but I want to say even now, Lord Jesus, all things are possible. Lord, we commit this service into your hands. We commit this night into your hands. We commit this people into your hands. Lord, as we go forward, Lord, may we possess the land and conquer in Jesus name we pray and commit it all to you. Amen. And amen. Hallelujah. God bless you, church. Thank you, Jesus. &gt;&gt; Sing that song, Healer. you know that uh that service didn't go the way I thought it was going to go. I loved how he started with uh we're called to conquer and we got a long list of things that are in the way. And it's so easy to look externally, but he took it right down to the first victory that we need is over this guy, the man, the woman, the child of God that we are. You know, we we look at this song. We talk about healer. You know, when I sing this, I think of Sister Priscilla cuz we're all looking for her healing. But you know what? There's things that I'm dealing with and that you're dealing with that need a healing more than she needs her arthritis to go away. The things that we've held on to for so long, the the excuses we've made for so long, the hurts, the disappointments, the shadows, the secrecy, hypocrisy, attitudes, smart alec thoughts that need a really strong filter identified with him there. He's a healer. Yes, &gt;&gt; it's an inward work that dying daily that the new creation can live. Old things have passed away. Amen. We've got to say, Lord, I need a healing tonight. Lord, I need a healing tonight. [Music] I don't imagine there's many lives weren't touched tonight by what he was saying if we're honest with ourselves. Stuck on chapter 3. God, you've led me all the way and now all of a sudden I'm not moving anymore. What happened? Stuck on yesterday's victory, yesterday's experience, yesterday's disappointment. yesterday's fault and failure. &gt;&gt; But he didn't write the book based on our strength. &gt;&gt; He wrote it based on his word, &gt;&gt; his will, and the spirit that he gives to take us all the way through. Amen. &gt;&gt; So, we're going to sing this song tonight. I'm not going to repreach a sermon, but I want you to look into your life and you say, "Lord, I need a healing." where you need a healing and say, "Lord, I'm here to lay that down. I'm here to take the stripes, the ve the the the blessing of the stripes that you bore for me. I'm here for deliverance. I'm here to lay down what I inherited from mommy, from daddy, grandparents, whoever it might be. I'm here to take what my father offers me. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's just sing this together tonight. You hold my every moment. [Music] You calm my raing sea. You walk with me through fire and you heal all my disease. I trust in you. And Lord, I trust in you. I believe that you're my healer. I believe you are all I need. I believe. I believe you're my portion. I believe you're more than enough for me. And Jesus, you're all I need. You hold my every moment. You calm the raing sea. You water with me through fire and you heal all my disease. I trust in you, Lord. I trust in you. I believe you're my healer. I believe you are all I need. I believe I believe I believe that you're my portion. I believe you're more than enough for me. Jesus, you're all I need. And I believe that you're my healer. I believe that you are all I need. I believe [Music] I believe that you're my portion. I believe you're more than enough for me. Jesus, you're all I need. Jehovah Gyra, my provider. &gt;&gt; 7:22. Jehovah Gyra. You're my proider. [Music] You are more than enough for me. Jehovah You're my healer. [Music] By your stripes I've been set free. [Music] Jehovah Sham. You are with me and you supply all my needy. You are more than enough. More than enough. You are more than enough for me. Jehovah my pro. You are more than enough for me. Jehovah My healer &gt;&gt; by your stripes I am set free the You are with me. You sine all my needs. Oh, you are more than enough. More than enough. You are more than enough. Lord, sing it one more time. Jehovah my pro. [Music] You are more than enough for me. the home. [Music] You're my healer. [Music] By your stripes, I've been set free. Jehovah I shall you are with me. You supply all my needs. For you are more than enough. More than enough. You are more than enough for me. Change my heart, oh God. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. You are the water. I am the clay. Mold me and make me. This is what I pray. [Music] Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. God, may I be like you. Sing it all over. So change my heart, oh God, make it ever true. May I be like you. You are the father. [Music] I am the way for me and make me. This is what I pray. [Music] Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. &gt;&gt; Amen. And as we close, we're going to sing that song, Goodness of God. Amen. I thought that was wonderful. If the negative parts are right, means the positive parts are right, too. Amen. Sometimes we stop reading a little too early. Sometimes we don't read at all. Amen. But I believe each one of us here tonight can testify the goodness of God. You know, he was saying, "Satan said you're not going to make it." Satan said you're not going to be healed. Satan said you're not going to break free. Satan said you're going to stay in that cycle, but we're still here and we're still fighting. See, when he promised victory, he didn't say it was an easy victory, but he said there was going to be victory. I'll tell you one thing. If we knew we were going to win every time, we'd fight a little differently. And that's what I heard tonight is you're going to win. You're going to win the war. We lose the battles from time to time, but you're going to win the war. He's already written it. He's already declared it, and he's here to make sure it happens. Amen. So, before we close tonight, I want to sing this song. Let's worship him. Let's praise him for what he's done. Cuz what he's done shows what he's going to do. The work he started is the work he's going to finish. Amen. And so, these little trials, these little things, they'll seem so small. They're so big today, aren't they? But when we get over there, it'll be the smallest of things. And we'll say it was worth it all. I'm glad I kept walking, putting that one foot in front of the other. Amen. We're going to sing this. Brother Bash, I'm going to have you close in prayer if you would after we've sung this. Amen. Keep each one in prayer. Remember brother Chad. Remember brother Aaron. Three services, three days is tough on any preacher. Amen. Let's pray that the Lord would just restore his strength. keep his voice in good form and we can come back tomorrow for the the breakfast I think at 10:30 and then the service is at 5:30 tomorrow night. Amen. God bless you. Let's sing this as we close tonight. I love you Lord for your mercy never fails me. And all my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. And all my life you have been faithful. [Music] And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am aable. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice for you have led me through the fire in darkest night. You are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the goodness of God. And all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I could sing of the goodness of God. I love you, Lord. For your mercy never fails me. In darkest night, you are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend and I have lived in the goodness of God. And all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. One more time. And all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the good things. [Music] dear heavenly father, Lord, thank you for your presence tonight, Lord. Thank you for your anointing, Lord. Thank you for your leadership, Lord. Thank you, Lord, for your help to receive the word, Lord. We pray to you Lord for brother Aaron. Lord pray to you Lord. Pour your spirit upon him. Lord help us surrender Lord over this weekend. Lord help us Lord to grow a little bit more. Lord help us Lord to take that next step. Lord pray to you Lord Jesus for your presence. Lord we love you Lord. We want you here Lord. We pray to you Lord for brother Chad. Lord, please help the family. Lord, please bless sister Leah too. Lord, as she helps brother Chad through it, Lord, we pray to you. Lord, please be with their family, Lord, through this situation. Lord, we thank you for brother Dale. Lord, we thank you for his testimony, Lord. We pray to you, Lord. Pour your blessings upon him, Lord Jesus. Lord, we pray to you, Lord, for every need amongst us, Lord. the needs that are spoken and unspoken. Lord, Lord, we pray to you, Lord. We speak to each and every one of us, Lord, speak to us, Lord, for what we need to hear, you Lord, for what you want to tell us, Lord. Give us listening ears, Lord, so we can receive your word, Lord. We pray to you, Lord, for tomorrow's fellowship, Lord. Help us, Lord, to focus on your word, Lord, to focus on what you want, Lord. pray to you Lord to please be with each and everyone Lord as we go from here Lord protect us Lord help us Lord to recognize your promises Lord we are a victorious people Lord we have already won the battle Lord help us remember it Lord we love you and we praise you Lord in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] [Music] for you. He already [Music] that is working everything for my [Music] walkiet. I me and everything I will make it through Glorious [Music] everything for my earth and Everything I love you. [Music] We always for me and heaven is my you Oh, we already set everything for our Jesus. I dream everywhere I hear. [Music] All I can see you in my eyes deep in my heart. Your presence. Lord, I believe in you. I always believe in you. And the whole world say they name his joy. Lord I believe in you. Lord I believe in you. I'll always believe in you. Oh, I can see my eyes deep in my heart. Your presence. Lord, I believe in you and I trust in you. Let the whole world no one can destroy the way I will be with you. I always believe in you. I am you in my eyes, deep in my heart. your presence, Lord. I believe in you and I will trust in you. Let the whole world join. Oh, I can see you in my eyes. Here in my heart, your presence, Lord, I believe in you and I put my trust in you. and the whole world save us. No one can go your way. [Music] and your holy Spirit rain down. Let your power be our heart and we stand on your word. Holy be. [Music] and how we break down your rain. Let your power fall. Let your mighty earth come and change our hearts and we all holy spit [Music] down. Oh, how about I down. God, come and change your heart and tell the world. Heat. Heat. [Music] You're everything. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Happy birthday. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] I'll be Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. N. [Music] Hey. Hey. [Music] [Music] Hey, hey, hey. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
