################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-15 - 20260114 - Hold The Line - Bro Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-15
Title:    20260114 - Hold The Line - Bro Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 2h 23m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGlpMbSpkuE
========================================

Description:
Scriptures & Quotes :
https://drive.google.com/file/d/15UHlspx8y8ZIxtwZD076Q4J_9f0RRK6l/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. Oh. Amen. Name above all names. Let's stand. Beautiful Savior, glorious Lord of Lords, Emmanuel. Amen. God is with us. Blessed redeemer, livinging one word Jesus name above all. Hallelujah. Beautiful Savior, glorious Lord our Emmanuel. God is with us. Amen. Yes, redeemer, living word and Jesus. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Beautiful Savior. Glorious Lord our Lord Emmanuel. God is with us. Amen. Blessed redeemer, living. I was born to be a dwelling place. 742 up there. I I was born to the vain, a dwelling place. Amen. A home for the presence of the Lord. Amen. So live my life. Amen. Delse great Lord to thee. That I might be what I was born to be. And I was born. Hallelujah. To me, a dwelling place. Amen. A home for the presence of the Lord. Hallelujah. soul and my life hallelujah never be consecrated Lord to thee that I might be what I was born to be for I was born hallelujah to be a dwelling place. Hallelujah Jesus. A home for the presence of the Lord. So let my life amen now be consecrated Lord to thee that I might be amen to be. Amen. Praise the Lord. Born to be a dwelling place for the presence of the Lord. What an honor. What a privilege. Praise the Lord. Let's uh let's sing a 766. Jesus draw me close. We want to be drawn close to him tonight. Praise the Lord. And uh I am going to ask brother Vice would open in prayer tonight. And remember to pray for brother John as he brings the word of the Lord. And uh we continue to pray for brother Chad and he's here tonight and family. So God bless him. Let me continue to pray for his full recovery. Brother Nelson as well and brother Dale. And uh we want to remember also the saints around the island and brother Doug, Sister Beverly as well and Sister Jamie's parents. Sister Becky is home. uh tonight she's uh down with the flu so we ought to remember her as well. And also this is uh brother Paul just gave me this. He said sister Kimberly had a touch over the weekend and tonight as they were getting ready uh to come to leave for church, she got hit with a kidney stone. Uh they prayed that uh they could that she could go to church. In 10 minutes the pain was down by 50%. By the time they got here there was uh hardly any pain at all. They just want to give thanks to the Lord. And so do we. We want to thank the Lord for for that touch that uh she was given. The God we serve. I keep saying it. I still believe it. That's the God we serve. Praise the Lord. Have a need tonight, just hold it on your heart as we approach the throne. And Brother Vic will lead us in prayer. Jesus, draw her lo to you. Amen. Let the world around me fade away. Bless the Lord. Hallelujah. Jesus draw me close. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Come closer Lord to you. For I desire to worship and oy Jesus, draw me close. Amen. Closer, Lord, to you. Let the world around me fade away. Yes. Amen. Granted, Jesus. Hallelujah. Jesus drawing close. Hallelujah. Closer Lord to you for I desire to worship and obey. Sing it again. Oh Jesus, draw me close. Hallelujah. Closer Lord to you. Let the world around me fade away. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, bless the Lord. Jesus, drones. Oh yes, Lord. Closer Lord to you. For I desire to worship and obey. Amen. Dear heavenly father Lord we thank you for gathering us here Lord thank you for giving us safe journey Lord to listen to your word Lord pray to you Lord for your blessings for your anointing on brother John Lord help him Lord Jesus to let you have your way Lord we pray to you Lord to help us receive your word Lord Help us to stay focused Lord. We pray to you Lord for those who are sick Lord. We praise you Lord for your mighty work Lord in brother Chad Lord and in Sister Kim too. Lord we thank you Lord for bringing them here Lord. We thank you for your testimony in them. Lord pray to you Lord for brother Nelson. Lord brother Dale Lord need a touch from you Lord. Pray to you Lord for sister Becca too Lord for those anyone else who is not here Lord meet them Lord where they are Lord help them come back Lord with a great desire Lord we welcome you Lord we need you in our midst Lord we love you and praise you Lord please be with us Lord we love you Lord in Jesus name amen number 255. That is when the saints go marching in. Praise the Lord. I'm a pilgrim and a stranger wandering through this world of sin. On my way to that fair city. When the saints go maring. Amen. Oh, when the saints go marching in, praise the Lord. When the saints go maring in, Lord, I want to be in that number. When the saints go marching in, all I know I'll see my savior if I like is free from sin. Heaven's doors will open for me when the saints go maring in. Amen. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go maring. Lord, I want to be in that number. When the saints go maring. Praise the Lord. And when we gather around the throne and the gates are closed within I'll be shouting glory glory. When the saints go maring praise the Lord hallelujah. Oh, when the saints go march again. Oh, when the saints go maring. Lord, I want to be in that number. Amen. Go maring. Amen. I am waiting for the chariot to swing low and I'll step in on the clouds. I'll ride to heaven. When the saints go praise the Lord. Hallelujah. And when the saints go marching in, when the saints go maring in, Lord, I want to be. Amen. When the saints go marching in, oh, I know I'll see my savior if my life is free from sin. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. Bend for me. When the saints go maring, hallelujah. Oh, when the saints, praise the Lord, go marching in. When the saints go maring, Lord, I want to be in a number. When the saints go maring, of course again. Oh, when the saints go marching in, praise the Lord. When the saints go maring, Lord, I want to be in that number when the saints come maring in. Amen. Praise the Lord. Definitely want to be in that number for sure. 464. Sweet by and by. Amen. There's a land that is fairer than day. And by faith we can see it afar. For the Father waits over the way to prepare us a dwelling place there. Amen. Oh, in the sweet by and by. We shall meet on that beautiful shore. In the street by and by we shall meet on that beautiful shore and we shall sing on that beautiful shore. Come along the songs of the blessed and our spirit shout sorrow no more. Oh not a sign for the blessing of rest. Amen. In the street by and by. Hallelujah. We shall meet on that beautiful shore. In the sweet praise the Lord by and by we shall be on that beautiful. Amen. To our bountiful father above. Hallelujah. A tribute of praise for the glorious gift of his love and the blessings that our days. Amen. Sweet by and by we shall meet on that beautiful shore in the sweet by and praise the Lord on that beautiful shore and to our bountyful there above. We will offer our triute of praise. Yes. Amen. For the glorious gift of his love. Hallelujah. and the blessings that hallow our names in the street. By and by we shall be on that beautiful shore in the street by abide. We shall meet on that beautiful shore. I am trusting in Jesus alone. trusting now his salvation to know and his blood fully atone. Amen. I am washed and made whiter than snow. Praise the Lord. In the street by and by we shall meet on that beautiful shore in the Amen by a we shall meet on that beautiful shore. My heart is in raptors of love. Love such as the ransom ones know. I am strengthened with might from above. I am washed and made whiter than snow. Amen. In the street by and by we shall meet on that beautiful shore in the swing by and by. Amen. We shall be on that beautiful shore. Amen. Amen. What a promise. Bless the Lord. Let's sing. It's uh Oh, give me the right number. 11:40. I'm following Jesus. One step at a time. No, I know. I got the wrong number up there. It's one step at a time. Yeah. 11:40. Amen. Praise the Lord. I'm following Jesus. Jes. Can you hold it for a sec? 11:40. Just go to 11:44. See what you get. That's not the right one. I'm following Jesus. There you go. That's the one just mess up in my head here. I'm following Jesus one step at a time. I live for the moment in his love divine. Amen. Why think of tomorrow? Hallelujah. To live for today. I'm following Jesus. Each step of the way, the pathway is narrow, but he leads me on. I walk in his shadow. Oh, my fears are all gone. Amen. My spirit grows stronger each moment, each day. Praise the Lord for Jesus is leading each step of the way. Oh, praise the Lord. And I'll climb up the mountain. The valley will cross. Though clouds overshadow will tell of the cross. Amen. My spirit cries onward. Amen. You followed my foot. each step of the way. Hallelujah. And I am following Jesus one step at a time. I live for the moment. Yes. In his love divine, what I think of to all. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. I'm following Jesus each step of the way. The pathway is narrow. And the pathway is narrow, but he leads me on. Yes, thank God I walk in his shadow. My fears are all gone. Hallelujah. My spirit grows strong. each moment, each day. Yes. Amen. For Jesus is leading. Each step I'll climb up the mountain. And I'll climb up the mountain. the valley over. Yes, Amen. Though clouds overshadow will tell of the cross. My spirit cries onward till Jesus shall say you followed my foot friends. Amen. Step the way. Amen. Praise the Lord. I want God's way to be my way. 131. Amen. As I journey here below, there's no other highway that a child of God should go. Amen. I want God's way to be my way. As I journey here below, let's stand. There's no other highway that a child of God should go. Though the way, Amen. &gt;&gt; If he leaves me, it's enough. I want God's way to be my way every day. Praise the Lord. And I want God's way to be my way as I journey heavy long. Yes. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. that a child of God should go. Though the road is steep and rough, it feels me, it's enough. Amen. I want God's way to be my way. Hallelujah. One more time. Let's sing it. And I want God's way. God bless you. Amen. as a journey and hope for there is no other highway that a child of God should go. Though the road be steep and rough, if he leads me, it's enough where I want God's way to be my way every day. Amen. Let's bow our heads, Lord Jesus. Lord, we've come in tonight, Lord, to hear your word. Lord, we've come in to worship and praise you. We've come in to thank you for your goodness and grace, heavenly father. Lord, we always want to come in with a thankful heart. Lord, if for nothing else than that you've called us out of what we were into what you called us to be, Lord, as your sons and daughters of God. So, Lord, we're with thankful hearts tonight, Lord, just acknowledging your goodness and grace. Lord, we're thankful for your presence amongst us, Lord. Just praying that you would be with us this night, Lord. That you would just minister to your flock, Lord. That your bride would be encouraged this evening, Lord. That we would continue to gather strength from your word and your presence, each one. Heavenly Father, remembering those that aren't here, Lord. Remembering Sister Becky, especially, Lord, that you would just minister to her, touch her body, Lord God, we pray, Lord, thanking you for the answered prayer, Lord, that allowed Brother Paul and Sister Kimberly to come tonight, heavenly father. Lord, that's standing our ground, Lord. And we're so thankful, Lord, that you back your word up, Lord. Just bless us each one now. We pray in Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Turn if you would to Isaiah chapter 59 tonight. Good to see each one back. I think Brother Chad thought it was a Sunday. He's all dressed up. He He I hope it's okay to say it's Brother Chad. He messaged me before service and he said, "Hey, is your power out?" I said, "No, we lost it uh Monday for about an hour and a half. We lost it for about 20 minutes this morning." He said, "Well, I'm getting dressed in the dark here." So, I said, "I'll be interested to see the combination." But he decided to forego any possibility that it could be weird by just dressing in a suit and tie and everything. So, uh, well played. Well played. Amen. Good to see each one here. I, um, Brother Aaron and Sister Lydia actually didn't leave until yesterday, uh, about 6:15 and, uh, their flight got cancelled because of all the winds that were coming in and they they just were proactively cancelled. So, they stuck around for an extra two days almost. But uh they just got home about 2 hours ago. So we thank the Lord for that that he worked that out. And certainly wonderful to see brother Paul and Sister Kimberly here tonight. Amen. I thought that was just beautiful. Really in line with what they're doing is what I'm going to be preaching on here tonight on holding the line. But Amen. I believe that's what God's called us to do. Amen. Hold the line. Amen. To to take him at his word and stand up when Satan tries to hold us back from the things that God has called us to and the blessings that God has given us. Amen. Let's read this in Isaiah 59. Good to see sister Darlene with us still. Amen. Always wonderful to have her with us. It says this. Isaiah 59:19. So shall they fear the name of the Lord from the west and his glory from the rising of the sun. When the enemy shall come in like a flood, the spirit of the Lord shall lift up a standard against him. And the redeemer shall come to Zion. Who's Zion? That's us. That's the bride. The the redeemer shall come to the bride. Maybe we could say it that way. and unto them that turn from transgression in Jacob, sayeth the Lord. As for me, this is my covenant with them, sayeth the Lord, my spirit that is upon thee, and my words which I have put in thy mouth shall not depart out of thy mouth, nor out of the mouth of thy seed, nor out of the mouth of thy seed seed, saith the Lord, from henceforth and forever. Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats this evening. Amen. Before we get going here this evening, I just wanted to thank each one of you for your support of the meetings this week and your hard work and your commitment to coming. Brother Garfield was not able to make it Friday night, but he worked all the way through Friday, came into the fellowship on Saturday morning, went home, caught a few hours of sleep, and then came to service and then went to work and then came to service the next morning. That's commitment. So, God bless you for that, Brother Garfield. I think I think you got a blessing this weekend. Pretty sure he did. Amen. I thought he was going to take off running multiple times, but you know, it's you. We've got to give. We want to receive, but sometimes we've got to give so that he knows that we're serious about receiving. Amen. And I just appreciated each one that was there. You know, it was uh uh wonderful to see that it wasn't just Sister Moren and Sister Priscilla playing. We had Sister Lydia and we had Brother Levi playing for the specials and they're just doing wonderfully with that. And Sister Becky even playing for herself. And and I didn't know this, but she says, "I get so nervous when I went up." And she just said, "Lord, I'm committing it into your hands." And she did a wonderful job, and it just seemed like the the specials were in line with the services and just everything just flowed together so smoothly. The food was wonderful. Sister Amber, we've really put her through the ringer the last couple like six weeks. I think we've had three fellowships in that time. So, she's done a tremendous job with that. And I just wanted to thank each one of you. This doesn't happen except a body works together. And I appreciate that for each one of you doing that. Now, tonight I want to take a title of Hold the Line. Amen. And just as a transition away from our our our weekend services, and I've always said the hardest service to preach is the one after you've had weekend uh special meetings like we did. And you know, the people are usually under such a great atmosphere of expectation. You think, well, it would be easy, but it's just me up here, you know, and I'm not I'm not the visiting evangelist or preacher, whatever it might be. But you know, as I was as I was just starting to study on Monday night and I I was just praying to the Lord and I said, "Lord, listen, every service doesn't have to be like those services." Amen. We've got to have different services. You look at Brother Bam. He says, "We've got to have services where it's somber and we're repenting and we're crying and we've got services where we're encouraged and services where we're corrected and and you've got ones that lift you up and you got ones that kind of tear you down, too." So I I said, 'Lord, we don't have to have those kinds of services all the time. I understand that. But I said, 'Lord, I believe every service can be just as powerful because what is powerful is not the minister. What is powerful is when the Holy Spirit speaks and the people receive it and the word starts going to work by the Holy Spirit moving. Amen. That's what makes a service great is not the feelings that come out of the service. It's the true change that comes out of those services. Amen. So that means the real preacher has to be the Holy Spirit. It can't just be brother Aaron. It can't just be me. It can't be just Brother Garfield. But the Holy Spirit has to be the one speaking. And so I liked what brother Aaron said. He said, you know, we get out what we put in. And having done the hard work of getting here. Let's not fall asleep. Amen. Let's let's get out of it everything that we can get. And you know, I was just dwelling on the services this weekend and what an enjoyable time it was. But you know, it always comes to this thing, and that's that the battle really starts now. Amen. It's easy to have a wonderful time in church. I don't know if anybody's had a trial since since the the services and fellowship ended on Sunday. See, look, six of us are already getting hammered. Seven, eight. Yeah. See, it's it's going all around. It's catching, right? Because the battle starts as soon as you walk out those doors. as soon as you walk out from the atmosphere of a bunch of people filled with the Holy Ghost and it's just you in a dark world where oppression's trying to push in. And so the battle starts then or the battle starts now to keep your testimony. And I'll tell you this, if you didn't know it, Satan's not going to be sitting back and just letting you go away. Satan's going to be coming after you trying to take back what what the ground that he's lost. And you know, I was talking to a brother recently. He said, "Seems like a lot of preachers are preaching on on overcoming and and battles and the armor of the Lord and and all these different things and just like I have been in our Sunday service." And I believe that's the Holy Spirit moving because he knows we're in for a battle. Amen. We're in for tough times. But what are what is what is he trying to prepare us for? He's not just trying to prepare us for the battle. He's trying to prepare us for victory. Amen. To set an expectation that we're going to win this. But you can't have victory without a battle. And I believe the Holy Spirit has been reinforcing things that we know, things that we've been taught, things that we've heard over the pulpit and these things to to bring us to a place where we can hold the line, where we won't fall back when the enemy comes in like a flood. And we know that we read the scripture that it says when the enemy comes in like the flood, the Holy Spirit raises a standard. And I don't have the quote here, but it's one of my favorite one. And brother Bram says, "What is the the raising of the standard?" He says it is pouring in more of himself. That's what's going to hold the line. Amen. We don't think so much about this term hold the line. I was talking to brother Aaron just before he left and I said, "I'm I'm going to be preaching on hold the line." He says, "I've preached that service a number of times." He says, "And I always preach it from the Battle of the Bulge and he started telling me a bunch of things about it, but but holding the line doesn't really have much meaning to us anymore because we fight war so differently now. I I mean when they're, you know, doing uh remotely operated drones over the the Middle East or in Afghanistan, the operators are in a little uh windowless um building in Nevada in the United States. Like we don't have lines of men anymore. We don't we don't do it the way they used to do it. But, you know, back in the old days and certainly back in, you know, Jesus time all the way up to the Civil War that that that they they they'd always go and they'd face each other directly and you had a line of men on this side and you had a line of men on that side and and and and you'd have rows of men together that would form an army and they'd come together and and they they'd offer a continuous line of resistance to the other side. And the idea was that you would hold your line and force them to break theirs. And that's how you would win the battle. Because if you broke the line now, they could come in, they could turn you, they could get around you, and they could attack you from all sides, and you would typically lose. But I I like to read about uh when I have time to read, when I'm not studying for these things, I like to read about history. And I love historical fiction. I've been reading a lot about the Greeks lately, and they have one group of people that that could almost never be defeated, and they were called the Spartans. And it's hard to find pictures of them because they didn't have cameras back then. But this is a depiction from a movie, I guess, of what it looked like. And they were known because they had these red cloaks and they had their armor and they had their shields and their weapons. They didn't have any other real clothing with them. But they went into battle with only the bare necessities and they formed what was called a felank. And and what that is is it was shields on every side and weapons facing on every side. And and uh so what would happen is when they came into battle is they would lock shields and they would square up their shoulders to each other and each one would reinforce the one next to them and then they'd have these long spears. And what they show here are not typically what they had. They have much longer spears that could take a cal cavalry charge and they could even stop horsemen from running through the ranks. And and this was the Greek form of battle, but the Spartans, they they honed it to a perfect uh art. And so when it came to the Spartans, they they trained from a child to be a warrior. Uh not the women, the men. And and the training was difficult. And they would break bones and they would smash you up and they would beat you up and bruise you and they would work you so hard. And if you couldn't handle it, they actually kicked you out and you died because all they wanted was the best of the best when it came time to fight. And so when it came time to graduate, when they came to manhood, if they had survived all the training, they became a true Spartan and they earned their cloak and they earned their their weapons and their armor. And when they went out into battle, it was well recognized that a Spartan was worth 10 of any other soldier that was alive. Better than any one of them was worth 10 on the battlefield. 1,000 of them could take on 10,000 and be an even match. And we'll see that it was even better than that. But what made them so difficult was that you could not break their line. You could not break their formations. They were so strong and they were so committed to fighting as a unit. Are you hearing me tonight? Fighting together, working together. They they took their training and when the when things got tough, they didn't change what they were doing, but they locked in and they stayed together. And they were in it to win it, not to get individual glory. They were in it to win it. And so it didn't matter who killed the the the the opposing general or who broke the line. All they cared was we're going to stay together and we're going to stick with our training until the other person loses. And they were machines. They were absolute killing machines. And and this is from a depiction of them at at a place called Thermopoly where they took on the Persian army. And again, we don't have exact records of it, but the estimate is that these 300 Spartans took on an army that had at least 120,000 people. It could be upwards of 300,000 people depending on which one which historian you you believe and which analysis you believe. But these 300 Spartans came to a place called Thermopoly and they stood there and they blocked a narrow passage for seven days. And 300 held back an army of 120,000 at a minimum. And after those seven days, they were finally all killed because what happened is the enemy they they were betrayed by a a local that said, "There's a path that will allow you to come behind them and you can get up above them and you can get behind them." And when that was it, then they were sunk because they couldn't fight a battle from above and behind and in front. They just didn't have enough people. But in the end, those 300 men over 7 days, they only fought face to face for three days. In three days, they killed 20,000. 300 men killed 20,000 soldiers. You do the math on that, each one killed 70. You'd say that's an impossible situation. And when they went up and get this, the reason why they won is because they could not break the Spartan line. Amen. They defeated soldiers in this battle that had never been defeated before. Are you hearing me tonight? They had defeated ones that had never been defeated before. There was a Persian army. They had a a a group of soldiers. Their best soldiers were called the immortals because allegedly none of them had ever been killed. And when they came up against the Spartans, the Spartans went through them as if they were any other person. It didn't even slow the Spartans down. That's how powerful they were when they were battling. And what held them is three things. They would not move from their position. They would not be drawn out to fight alone. And they could not be baited or panicked to do something they were not trained to do. That was the key to their victories there. Amen. They would use their shields not just just to protect themselves, but to protect the man next to them. The ones behind would use shields to protect from above. The ones on the side would protect the sides. And so no matter where you went, everyone was protecting everyone else. No man was in it for himself. They were all fighting together. So I just wanted to put this up here tonight just to lock us in. We're preaching on hold the line. And there's three keys I want you to take from this one. Don't move from your position. When you take ground, do not back away for anything. For anything, do not back away. Hold the line. Second, don't forget your training. You've been trained to fight. How do you fight? Take God at his word. Don't change it to anything else. Keep using your training. Don't improvise. Don't react. Don't panic. Trust. Trust. Trust your training. It's amazing in the military they say the easiest person to train is the one that won't think because all they do is they take what you tell them and they apply it without trying to think their way around it. The last one they want in the mil military is somebody that's always secondguessing the the the training and the rules and the guidance. And then the last thing is a big one. Don't fight alone. And I put it here and I said by choice because I guarantee you by the end they were having to fight alone. They'd lost so many people that they were having to just fight as they were able to. But I say, don't fight alone by choice. Don't go out and try and take something on your own if you don't have to. Now, Paul would say this in Galatians. He says, "Now stand fast. Therefore, in the liberty wherewith Christ has made us free, and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage." Now, Paul was talking to the Gentiles here who were having a Jewish influence that was trying to get them to go and get circumcised. And Paul said, "Listen, you've never been bound by this. You were bound by other religious ideas. They were serving false idols. They were serving false gods. They had all these traditions." He said, "Now, you know better than to than to go back to what you left. But don't let somebody else bind you by their own religion either." And I'll tell you this, sometimes what happens after we've gained victory is we'll have somebody come and try and tell you what you want. They'll try and put you in a place that maybe you didn't quite get that week. They'll try and put you in a spiritual box. Don't do that. You know what God has done for you. You stand on what he's revealed to you. Don't let somebody else define your opportunity. Don't let somebody else define your experience here. Paul says, "Stand fast where God has taken you. What God has done, you stick with that. Don't pretend you're something else because somebody thinks you should be. And don't go back to what you left either." He said, "Stand fast in your freedom." That word stand fast there means stand firm. Stay still. Be immovable. Persist. persevere. In other words, don't give back the ground that you've won. Don't walk back to what you've left. Keep pressing forward. Don't go back into a prison cell and shut the door on yourself. Don't willingly walk back to what God has set you free from. Do I I I don't have to ask, do you remember this, but do you remember when I had that that little movie of the sheep that got pulled out of that ditch? We all remember it. Elsa definitely remembers it. And then as soon as they pulled the sheep out, what did it do? It took three jumps and said, "Yay, I'm free." and jumped right back into the pit. Don't do that. Don't be that kind of sheep. Please don't be that kind of sheep. Amen. But that's what Paul's saying. Don't go back. Amen. Don't let somebody else bind you and don't voluntarily bind yourself. Recognize what God's done for you and keep away from those things. Amen. That phrase stand fast is actually the exact one that Christ used when he said when you stand praying forgive. In other words, he was saying when you stand fast praying. In other words, prayer is supposed to anchor us to our position. It's supposed to give us strength to hold what he's given us. Amen. You know, your time of prayer ought to be reinforcing what God has done for you rather than us doing anything or saying anything that would cause us to draw back. Well, Lord, maybe you didn't do this. Maybe you didn't mean that. Maybe I misjudged what you said. No, no, no. You say, "Lord, I believe. And Lord, I'm thanking you for what you did. And Lord, I'm thanking you for what I received. And Lord, I'm thanking you for the faith that you laid in my heart." And let that be a time of reinforcement when you're reading your Bible, when you're having your devotions, when you're talking with your spouse, whatever it may be. Let that be a time to encourage yourself to stand fast, to hold to what God has done for you. Amen. Prayer is supposed to solidify our position, not cause us to retreat back. Brother Brham says it this way. He says, "Stay with that word. Don't you never leave that word. You stand fast in the liberty where Christ has made you free. be not entangled in all those yolks of bondage and so forth. He says stand fast and stand free. Stand free. He says God will bless you. You have nothing in the world to fear. That's what blessed me so much about the testimony of brother Paul. Brother Paul said okay if I tell what happened just before service, the first service. So what happened is they came and sister Kimberly was not feeling well at all. Bad headache. Is that right? So bad she didn't want to come in here. And so they went to the man that was in the in the office. They went to brother Aaron. They said, "Would you pray for us?" And he prayed for her and it went away and she came in. Now, what is Satan trying to do? Satan's trying to get her to back up. But guess what? She's standing fast. She's got a husband that's standing fast with her and saying, "We're going to go to church. We're going to trust God. We're going to pray. And we're going to move forward." Now, he didn't leave when she was healed, but he said, "It's going to get better. It got better. It wasn't perfect. Let's go to church." And now they get here, and God's doing a work. Praise the Lord. That's what standing fast looks like. That blessed my heart to hear that, Brother Paul, Sister Kimberly. God bless you. That's what's holding the line looks like. I feel like I don't even need to preach tonight, but I'm going to keep going. Hold fast. Don't back up on these things. Amen. He says, "What? Stand fast and stand free. When you stand there, that's your liberty. It's your liberty. You know, it reminds me of that that Braveheart scene where he screams out freedom. I'd rather die free than live in slavery. And Satan wants to get you to a point where you're okay with living with a little bit of slavery. That's not what God made you to be. Stand fast. Stand fast in the liberty which wherein Christ has made you free. Amen. But we look at this idea of holding the line. And then when you start to see what it is that causes people to break the line, it's instructive for us to think about it tonight. Because what happens is we break the line, when we start wondering what's behind us. We start wondering, is something sneaking up that's going to get us? Or worse yet, when we think about what we could go back to that was so much easier than what I'm doing here right now. Because listen, being a Christian is more work than being a makebeliever. And it's definitely more work than being an unbeliever. And so what happens is when we start to back away and we think I could be living an easier life. I could be living a better life. I could go back to a simpler way of doing things. That's when we start to question why am I even fighting in the first place? Amen. Start looking at back. It reminds me of Israel in the in the desert and the least little thing caused them to say, "Oh, I remember I remember Egypt and how great it was with the leaks and the garlics." Yeah. And when you were a slave for 430 years, let's not forget that. But Satan won't remind you of the slavery. He'll just point out the Greeks and the the the the the leaks and the garlics. I got Greeks on my mind tonight. He won't tell you about the slavery. He'll tell you the good parts about your slavery. That's what he wants to remind. You know what he'll do, church? He'll get you to try and settle for a little less than total victory. He'll get you to settle for 90% of the way. For better rather than beaten, better rather than overcoming, better rather than totally victorious. That's what he wants us to do because he doesn't want us to get that last little licking on him. He just wants that little finger hold, that little toe hold, so that he has access into your life. Amen. Satan will try and put a damper on your enthusiasm. Notice I'm not saying hold your enthusiasm. The enthusiasm is going to come and go. Don't hold on to your feel. Don't try and hold on to your feelings. That's not going to hold either. But I'm saying hold the line on what God's done for you by his word. Amen. We've got to have more than enthusiasm. We got to have faith in the power of God by his word. That's where we have to be standing. We've got to have a real foundation to our testimony. Brother says this. He says, "I said to somebody that's been talking to me about the Holy Ghost or about something or other like that." She says, "What made me feel that way just at the time I should have felt good." I said, "The devil, he's seen you is just ready to receive it." He said, "I'll put a little damper on her." He said, "Fan her a little bit, you know, kind of cool down a little." He says, "See, but oh my, that's when you rise." He says, "Claim your Godgiven rights." What was God trying to do to Sister Kimberly? cool her experience. Don't tell me he's not trying to do it with you. And if he hasn't, he will. He'll try and dampen the fire of revival. He'll try and dampen your your your your happiness and your joy, your peace, your thankfulness. Try and turn your eyes on something else. He says, "That's what Paul was meaning. See, always when I would do good, evil is present." You know, I thought it was so good when brother Aaron was preaching. And he says, "The devil is the father of all lies." So if the devil's talking to you, believe the opposite of what he's saying. If he's saying you're not healed, say, "I must be healed then because you're a liar." If he's saying you're not saved, then say, "Well, brother, I must be saved." He says, "You don't have the Holy Ghost." Well, brother, I must have the Holy Ghost because you're the father of lies. &gt;&gt; Don't listen to him. If the word is telling you something, you better listen. But if just the thoughts coming through your head, brother, sister, you better check that with the word. And if it doesn't line up, then you put that thing back to hell where it came from. Amen. We got to remember who's talking to us. Amen. We got to remember that he offers us thoughts and he offers us problems and he offers us what people are thinking about us and he offers us a solution to all those things and he's trying to get us worked up because the mind is the battleground for Satan in our lives. You know, I had a moment on Monday morning where something happened and I got in a little bit of a mood. Wasn't my fault. And so I was in the van driving and I was just I was a little bit unhappy and something said to me, "What is it that's taking this away from you? Who is it that's taking your joy away from you? You're so happy and then all of a sudden one little thing happens and you lost your joy." And I said, "That's exactly it. That's just Satan trying to get on my nerves." &gt;&gt; And so you know what I started doing? I started singing a song of praise. And you know what? By the time I got home, I didn't even have a thought about what was going on in the first place. Why? Because I remembered I'm in a battle and I'm supposed to win. You're supposed to win. And but I just had to remember that's not me thinking that. I'm a child of God. Those thoughts don't originate from my soul. So something else is trying to influence me. Something else is trying to push me back and I've got to recognize something's pushing me. And rather than go with it, say, "Hold on a second here. You got no right to push me around. I'm a child of God. I'm standing on his word." Amen. I've got joy because he gave me joy and I'm going to keep my joy. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's my God-given position is to be an overcomer. You know, and sometimes what happens, we start looking back at what we struggled with last week or last month or last year, and then we start to worry, are we going to go back to those? We start to look at the the the feelings we have. We start to look at the sickness we have. We start to wonder, did I really receive a change? Did God really do something in my life? Has I have I really been delivered? We start to wonder if there's really victory. Because when everything calms down, that's when the mind battle starts. Amen. And we start to say, "Is this thing going to hold now? I've tried so many times. Is this going to be the time that I'm going to actually finally keep moving on and I'm not going to be sliding back?" Amen. I'm preaching hold the line tonight. And again, I'm not preaching hold the feelings. I'm saying hold the line of your testimony. And sometimes we settle for the fact that we fought rather than we got the victory. &gt;&gt; We sit there and say, "Well, I tried. I did my best. I stood on God's word. That's what counts, church. The purpose of fighting is to win, not to lose graciously. &gt;&gt; You know what? When somebody and I'm about to play a game with somebody and it matters, it's competitive. I don't go up and say good luck. If anything, I would say good luck. As in, you're going down, buddy. I'm not in it to lose. I'm in it to win. But so often we say, well, I tried. No, you're not here just to try. You're here to overcome. Amen. That's that's our motto. Remember to him that overcomemeth. Our motto is we are overcomers. And so we're not here to fight so that we can bow our head at the end and shake their hand and say, "Good job. You sure whooped me." Our job is to hold fast, hold the line, win the victory. Amen. You know that that that that story of Elijah comes to my mind. Remember when he he gave that that promise to the Shounomite woman that she was going to have a son? She said, "Listen, don't don't raise my hopes like that. you know, I wanted one. It' break my heart if you told me I was going to get one and I didn't get it. He said, "Thus sayith the Lord, you're going to have a son." She has a son. He lives for a number of years, goes out in the field, gets a just falls sick. I don't know if it's heat stroke or what, and dies. She runs to him and and and she takes a servant. They get on the mules and they go and they bring him back. And Gahazy, you remember, goes and lays a staff on him. Nothing happens. He said, "Elijah, nothing happened." Elijah goes in and Elijah came and prayed for the boy and nothing happened. This is the promised son and the promise is now laying on his bed dead and he prays and nothing happens. I'm reminded of when sister Justine and her father came to my office there last year or whenever it was and she had that migraine headache and and they came in and just before I was about to preach and I prayed for her and just like Elijah nothing happened. But remember, she didn't stop with the prayer. She said, "I want prayer because I want to stay in service, and so I'm going to stay in service." What was she doing? She was holding the line by a cry in her soul to be in the presence of God and hear the preaching of the word of God. And so she stayed there. And the longer she stayed, the better she felt. And by the end of that service, she was healed from her migraine. Why? She held the line. She didn't back away because she her flesh wanted to back away. She took God at his word. She showed she was serious and God honored her faith. Listen to what brother Brandham says. He says, "You know what's the matter with the churches today?" He says, "We give up too quick." Elijah stayed there and he prayed and he prayed and he prayed until what? Something happened. He says, "If men and women in here who wants Christ or the Holy Ghost, who wants to be healed, if they would just stay there and say, 'Lord, you promised it. You promised it." In other words, I didn't make this up. This is not a construct of my imagination, but it is your uh word that cannot return to you void. You promised it," he says. And then feel that little trickle. What is it? Faith rising up. faith to take him at his word and then say, "Here it is, Lord. I accept it." He says something is going to happen. Going to happen. Doesn't mean it always happens right then and there. It's in God's time. It's in God's season. But once you've settled it with God, there's something in you that has risen up and nothing's going to stop it from happening. But you got to stay there till you know that you know. That's what Brother Brandon would say. Amen. Move forward in faith. When you know you found the will of God, then press forward. Hold the line. He says, "I believe God hears, but God doesn't always have to answer prayer." Right? Then see, God answers in his own time. If you ask him and believe him, then he will answer in his own time. And that's where the holding your line, holding the line, holding your ground comes into play. And how do we do it? How do we do it in the time of waiting? How do we hold ourselves in position so that we don't back down? So that our faith doesn't waver. so that we don't give back the position that we've taken. How do we stand our ground? It is very simple. It's got to be simple because most of us are simple. Brother says this, that's the way the Christian ought to do today is one thing. Keep yourself prayed up under a spiritual atmosphere always. What kind of an atmosphere? spiritual, not emotional, good or bad. Emotion won't hold us. A spiritual atmosphere. How do you have a spiritual atmosphere, church? It has to be based on the word of God and his presence. That's what a spiritual atmosphere, not a religious atmosphere. A spiritual atmosphere is knowing that he is there with you and he's fulfilling his word. He says, "Never seeing the bad side, looking to the good side." He says, "You are children of God expecting his blessings." You know, when I read this, I thought of of Brother John Andy's. He's a good buddy of mine. I'll tell you what, with Brother John, you can't get a negative word out of him. I don't believe he knows how to say a negative thing because why? There's no power in the negative side of things. there's no good comes out of it. And so I I have talked to him about situations that were val very very challenging, very tough, and you still can't get a negative confession out of him. I say, "Lord, help us to be more like that. Keep ourselves tight to the word." Amen. You know, we look at our our our past, we look at history, we look at past performance, and that's a great weapon of Satan's these days. Doesn't matter how good you've been, you've also had your weak moments. And Satan will get us looking back at those things. And if he can get you looking backwards, you'll never beat what's in front of you. Amen. You got to look at what's behind you as something you've overcome. Cuz you're here. I can't be here if I haven't beaten everything that's back here. If I'm in a battle, and we are, then everything behind me has been defeated. And we've got to look at it that way. And a defeated enemy doesn't bother me. The way it worked with the Spartans is when they knocked the front line down, they didn't worry about if they were dead or not because everyone behind them made sure they were. And that's the way it is for the believer. If it's behind me, it's dead. It's killed. It's done. So, I don't have to worry about it anymore. Amen. If Satan can make you think what you've always been, you'll never get to be what you're supposed to be. He's got to get you looking backwards. Amen. Because we've all lost battles. We've all been disappointed by those things. But God's trying to take us, if we're going to look back, he wants us to look back to eternity, to our origin, our original source, to where we came from out of his mind, rather than when we were just born by our natural mother and father and all the things that have happened between that. But what he really wants us to see is where we're going. &gt;&gt; Because origin is destiny, the prophet said, "We come from God, we go back to God." And God's trying to get us to see, you're a child of God. You're coming back to me. And Satan's trying to get us see what we did yesterday. I'm picking what's ahead. I'll take that. Brother Ram says this. He said, or sorry, uh, Paul would say this in Philippians 3. God's trying to get us to see what he's doing through a perfect redemption process. And Paul says this. He says, "Brethren, I count not myself to have apprehended." He says, "In other words, I don't I don't I don't ex I I I can't say I've got it all. Anybody here think they've got it all?" No. He says, "I I I'm not trying to say I've got it all." He says, "But this one thing I do," and I want you to catch this, okay? Because you He's giving us instruct instructions on how to do what he's telling us to do. And you can't do what he's telling you to do if you don't do everything he's telling you to do. Okay? He says this one thing I do forgetting those things which are behind to do what he wants you to do. You got to do everything. One, forget what's behind. Don't dwell on it. Don't resurrect it. Don't think about it. Definitely don't worry about it. And definitely don't claim it. forgetting those things which are behind and reaching forth to those things which are before. Why would you leave what's behind? Because you got something better up ahead. That's why we let it go. That's why we let it go. He says, "So this one thing I do, I forget. I ignore. It's dead. It's behind me. Everything behind me. Reaching forth to those things which are before. I do one thing. Press. I push. I put every bit of energy I have to going forward. And what would happen with the Spartans is when they were about to hit the line, they were to take that initial shock, they'd lock everything in and they brace their foot and right at the moment of impact, they go and they just offset that impact with their own impact. And it was meant to blunt the force of the charge. And usually what you'd see is they get driven back just a little bit just from sheer momentum. But once they held, then what they do is they'd lean back and they'd press and everyone would shove together and all they're trying to do is get that army moving back step by step by step because once you start moving, it's hard to stop and especially backwards and you're crowding into the people behind you and they don't know what's happening. Paul says, "I do one thing. I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus." You can't press forward while trying to hold on to something behind you. You can't press forward with all your might when you're busy looking at what's behind you. Amen. You've got to focus on one thing. What's ahead? What's ahead? If God's brought you this far, what's behind doesn't matter. What's ahead is what matters. And that's what he's pointing you towards. Amen. Why? You let go of what's behind because there's an expectation of something that's so much better waiting for you. That's what he's doing. Brother Bram says it this way. He says, "A Christian doesn't try to be what he used to be. He's not looking where he's been. He's looking where he's going. He says, "See, don't pay any attention to what you were then. You've already lived that out." He says, "You'll never return to it. That's in the past." He says, "And any man that drives life's road looking through a rearview mirror will go to wreck, and so will you on this Christian road. Don't look back what you were. Look what you're going to be." Paul said, "Forgetting those things which are in the past, I press towards the prize of the mark of the high calling." You know what we need to do? I've heard many preachers say it and I think it's a wonderful thing. If Satan's trying to remind you of your past, start reminding him of his future. Brother, I read it this week. He says, "We will look on him and narrowly and say, "Is this the one? This little puny worm, this wimp, this shrimp That's what he's going to have. We're going to be looking at him and be like, "Wow, really? You don't have to wait till then to do that." Amen. You need to remind Satan that the last enemy that will be defeated before we leave here is death. It says the last one. So, you know what that means, church? Every single other enemy will be defeated before we leave this earth. Hallelujah. Every demon, every tormentor, every sickness, everything that tries and hold us back from our our redemptive process through Christ will be defeated. And the last one's death. Everything. There will not be an enemy here that hasn't been defeated by the bride of Christ because the last one's going to be death. But we've got to hold our ground. Well, how do you know how to do that? Well, first of all, you got to know what your ground is. You got to know what your position is. You got to know what it is that you're fighting for, what you're you're trying to hold in the first place. Now, Paul will be talking of Christ in Ephesians chapter 1. And he says, "Christ was far above." Christ is far above all principality and power and dominion, and every name that is named, not only in this world, but also in that which is to come. Now, we look at that, we say, "Amen. Christ is above all." What a wonderful place that must be. far above, not just above, far above. In other words, everything is far below him. Okay? And he says, "And he has put all things," how many things? All things under his feet and gave him to be the head over all things to the church. Now, what is the church? Verse 23 says, "Which is his body, the fullness of him that fillth all in all. She is the full expression of Christ the word in this final age." So everything that he is is far above all principality, power, might and dominion. And everything is under his feet. Now who are his feet? We are his body. So where he is is where we are. His position is our position. We are in him. He is in us. So when he says that he is far above all principality, power, might, and dominion, then whose name can you put there as well? Yours. That's where you're standing. Your position as a son and daughter of God is far above all principality, power, might, and dominion. Do you believe it? I say, God, help us to believe it a little more. God, help us to recognize it. Amen. When you look at that scripture and you see your position in Christ, every demon, devil, torment, sickness, power, whatever it might be, is beneath you tonight. If you're in Christ, by the baptism of the Holy Spirit. Amen. That's 1 Corinthians 12. By one spirit, we're baptized into one body. That's the only way you can get it is buy the new earth. Remember, we're fighting a defeated enemy tonight. I don't want to get into my dominion series on Sunday, but I've got a few things in here that tie into these things. But Satan's trying to make it look like he's got all the power. And God's trying to tell you, I have given you all authority to take my power and use it against the enemy. We don't have power. We've got authority. That's what we have. Amen. The power we have is to get ourselves out of the way so we can properly use that authority. Amen. We think our power and our strength is proved in victory. And I don't disagree. But I have to say this. If you haven't given in yet, you're winning. If you're still standing, you're winning. If you're still fighting, you're winning. If you're still pushing and pressing, you're winning. Why? Cuz he hasn't won yet. And if he hasn't won, then we're winning. That's the way that I choose to look at. Amen. You're still coming to church. You still have a desire in your heart to serve God. You have faith in your heart. However little it might seem to you, I'm here to tell you tonight, you're winning cuz he hasn't lost. Amen. These things point to something. And the longer the fight goes on, the more worried Satan gets. The more you keep testifying, the more you keep worshiping, the more you keep saying, "I believe." That's what gets Satan worried. Amen. Every time he punches us, knocks us down, makes things difficult, and we just get up and say, "Praise the Lord. I'm thankful for his spirit. I'm thankful for his word. I'm thankful for his promise and we keep pressing forward. That's what makes him worried. You look at you look at these these boxing matches and that and sometimes it seems so one-sided, but the longer the fight goes on, the more worried the one that was supposed to win gets cuz it was supposed to be easy and it wasn't easy. And maybe it was close for the first while and maybe he almost had us down and maybe he almost had us out and maybe he knocked us down two out of the three times you're allowed to do. But we kept getting up and towing the line. See, in the old days in boxing, they didn't have time rounds like we do today. These days, it's three or or five minutes depending on on on uh where you're fighting and what you're doing. But in the old days, what happened is a round was until somebody got knocked down. So, it might go 10 minutes or it might go 12 seconds. But to start the next round, what they had was in the middle of the ring, they would have a line. And to start the round to say, "I'm going to continue fighting," you had to come up and you had to put your toe to the line. And the other guy had to put his toe to the line. And then you started slugging it out again. You had to tow the line. That's where the phrase tow the line comes up. In other words, put your challenge out there. Say, "I'm in for the battle." We're talking about holding the line. We've got to go up to the line. Say, "You knocked me down, but I'm still here and I'm not going away." A righteous man falls seven times and gets up again. Why? He comes back and he toes the line. Amen. And so when you do that, Satan starts to get very nervous because I don't know if you know this, but he certainly does. His time is getting short. And he still doesn't have you. And that makes him very, very nervous. And the longer it goes, the more those little worms and seeds of doubt start to play in his little mind. And he starts to wonder, "Am I ever going to beat these people? Am I ever going to win them over?" He knows he has no lasting power. And the longer he goes against you and doesn't defeat you, the more he knows that you're starting to realize he's not as big and bad as I thought he was. I'm still here fighting. I'm still here believing. I'm still here worshiping. I still have joy. I still have peace. I still have rest. I might be sick. I might be in financial hardship. My family may not be where it's supposed to be. But guess what? I'll praise the Lord. No matter what may come my way, I'm gonna praise the Lord. Satan hates it when we praise the Lord when nothing else is going right. And it makes him extremely nervous. Amen. You I was reading in Luke the other day in my devotions where Jesus was in the Garden of Gethsemane and they came and they the soldiers and and whatnot, they came and they they bound him up. And I want you to listen to what he said. I'm I'm kind of jumping a bit into our series on on our position of dominion, but I want to share this with you tonight. Jesus said this. He says, "When I was with you day, when I was daily with you in the temple, you stretched forth no hands against me." He says, "But this is your hour and the power of darkness." There's a time. We're in a time of darkness. We are lights in a time of darkness. But I'll tell you what, the darkness is growing stronger. It will not defeat the light that's in us, but there is an hour of darkness that's coming. And it's in that tribulation. And that's when he's going to have his greatest moment. But until then, he's trying to snuff the light out that the bride has. And Jesus is saying to them, he's saying, "Listen, you've got a time where it seems like you're winning. You got a time where it seems like I have completely lost and you have won it." Amen. And he would say, you know, it seems like you've got a great victory going on there. And from that moment, it seemed like things got darker and darker. Jesus goes and he's judged and he's he's spat upon and he's punched and they ripped his beard out and then they take him to the whipping post and then they take him and they crucify him and it just seems like Satan's having his day. Greatest day ever. Satan was having a victory dance church. But I want you to recognize something. Satan forgot his position in the word. And Satan is dancing in front of that that that that cross at Calvary perhaps. And Satan, catch this, was so busy bruising Jesus heel that he forgot that Jesus was bruising his head. Satan was so busy making sure that Jesus was punched and spit that he forgot. Oh yeah, there's a second part to this. Listen, if we have a situation where you're bruising my heel and I'm bruising your head, what's our relative position? I won't bring somebody up for this. But listen, if we're fighting and I'm bruising your head and you're bruising my heel, there's only one place you can be. And I don't know about you, I prefer not to fight with my head against somebody's foot that's standing above me. But that's what Satan was doing was he was so busy celebrating the fact that he was bruising Jesus heel. Remember he said he was going to put emnity between the seat. He says you'll bruise his heel and he'll bruise your head. And he forgot he's going to be stomping on my head and I'm going to think I'm bruising his heel. What Satan thought was his greatest victory was just the key to Jesus having his greatest victory. We're in a battle. You're going to get punched. You're going to get hurt. And Jesus absolutely did. But when Jesus took a mortal wound, you know, and he gave up his life and then they put the spear in there to make sure he was dead, it seemed like it would eliminate him completely from victory. But that that giving of his life was what carried him down to the regions of the lost, carried him down to hell itself. And there the wounding of or the bruising of his heel took him to the place where he would take the keys of death, hell, and the grave. In other words, the bruising of Jesus was the elevator that took him down to victory. And Satan's so busy having a heyday. It reminds me of, you know, that the lion, the witch in the wardrobe, and they kill Alan and they're all celebrating. And then they go away and there's that big crack across that table of stone. And when Alan comes back, he says, "There was a there was a a more ancient law. There was a more ancient thing that was written and she forgot about that. That's what happened with Satan. He forgot the whole word. Amen. And what happened was the bruising of Jesus was part of the ultimate victory of Jesus. He was bruised for our iniquities. So we don't have to be bruised. It says the chastisement of our peace was upon him. We can have peace without that beating. It says that by his stripes we are healed. Our healing to defeat sickness which comes from Satan was there when Satan was bruising Jesus healed. Satan was literally doing what was required to get Jesus to a point where we could receive everything we have today in redemptive blessing. Satan was fulfilling God's purpose. What am I saying? Your position in Christ because of what he took at Calvary is above every principality, power, dominion, authority that Satan can throw at you. If you'll recognize it. We look at the pain and we look at the discomfort and the hard times, but that's what victory looks like so many times. Getting beaten up and bruised is part of victory, but you're going to overcome. That's what it looks like. Amen. That's holding the line. Amen. We've got each other. We are not fighting this battle alone. We've got each other here to carry each other's burdens, to help in those times. We're here to share the load and encourage and strengthen. You know, I said earlier that that theme of don't fight alone. And I stand by that. Let your brothers and sisters help you out. This is why we restarted prayer meetings is so that you can come and share a need with everyone else. That you can share a burden with everyone else. So come and get your needs supported. For those of you that have given a need at the prayer meetings, how does it make you feel when you hear other people pray for your need? It's the most wonderful thing in the world to know that sons and daughters of God are bringing you before the throne of grace that they love you, that they care about you, that you when you shared a need, they took it on them as their their burden as well. And now they're going to help you fight that burden. That's what's happening. Come to prayer meeting if you haven't come to prayer meeting. It'll change the way you go through your week. It'll change the way that you carry your burdens through life. Amen. But listen, there still come days and there comes times where it's going to be just you. But I still say, don't fight alone because you got to recognize what Paul said. Greater is he that's in me than he that's in the world. We're getting into a service. Maybe I'll preach in the future. But here's the thing. Brother Brand would say that every demon trembles when even the weakest Christian falls to their needs. Their needs. Do you know why that is, church? Because when you fall to your needs, he sees that you recognize that it's not by your strength you're going to overcome, but you're going to the one who lives inside of you and saying, "By your strength, I'm going to overcome." That's what makes him scared. What makes him happy is when we try and do it on our own because we're beaten. We're defeated. We have been. We always will be. But I can do all things through Christ which strengthens me. We go down in prayer. We say, "Lord, I'm looking to you. Lord, I'm taking you at your word. Lord, I'm trusting your word. I'm trusting your faith. I'm trusting the uncction of your spirit." And we press forward. That's what makes demons tremble because now the Holy Spirit is the token that you place before you. And that's what drives it out. It's not me that does it. It's the spirit that lies within me. Amen. The Holy Spirit's there to resist the devil. Recognize that when you're in Christ and he's in you, nothing can stand before you. He's going to let it serve its purpose, but in the end, nothing can stand before you. So, what I'm saying when I say don't fight alone is I'm saying don't forget you're never alone. Jesus said, "I'll never leave you or forsake you. I'll come to you." That's his promise to the believer. Remember the rapture revelation of the bride is what? Who she is, brother? When she said that when she re re when she realizes who she is, he says she'll become an invincible army. And we're going to get into that in our series on dominion. What does that revelation look like and what does it do inside of our lives? Amen. But as I said in the service uh on uh whenever it was this weekend that just as Satan turned the heart of a woman, God in this dark and evil age is turning the heart of a bride back to him. And she's recognizing who she is. And when she recognizes that, that's when she becomes an invincible army. We've only tasted it. We've only tasted it. But there's a fullness that's coming. He says this now, Father God, we would not only pray for these here, but for those stretched out across the world that are needy both spiritually and physically. He says, "Give to them, oh Lord, the desires of their heart because thy children are struggling in these days." He says, "The oppression of the enemy is so strong." That's a negative testimony. So finish it. The oppression of the enemy is so strong, but thou art stronger. He says, for it is written, greater is he that's in you than he that's in the world. He says, by this, by this, and only this, we overcome, &gt;&gt; recognizing that he's in us. Brother Ram says, he says, you're always pointing how wicked the world is getting. He says, but you fail to see how powerful the church is getting. At the same time, she's rising up, standing on the field. We're preaching, hold the line. She's rising up, standing on the field. He says, "Oh, she's a little flock, but brother," he says, "God is with her." That's the difference. That's the difference. It's a little flock. You look at 300 Spartans against 120,000. It's a little flock, but God is with her. He says, "And she is going to triumph just as certain as Christ rose from the dead." He says, "Amen." He said, "God's church shall never fail. The gates of hell shall not prevail against it." He said, "Show they would be against it." See, this is what I'm saying. You can't say we're not in a battle. He says they're going to be against it, but they cannot prevail. The church is going to triumph through the blood of Jesus with a victory mark. He says, "I'm positive of this one thing that God will have a church without spot, wrinkle, or blemish." He says, "Amen. I'm so happy about that. They will be against it, but they cannot prevail." Brother was saying another quote, he says, "The church is Christ's victory." That's a wonderful thought. Not that you just have victory. You are victory. You embody the victory of Christ in this final age. You say, "Well, I haven't won yet, Brother John, right? I haven't won yet." Yes, but you haven't lost yet either. And look at everyone else that's fallen. Look at everyone else that has tried and failed. And look at everyone else that doesn't even try. Church, the reason you're fighting is because there's something inside you that cries out. There's something inside of you that's placed there before the foundation of the world that says there's more to this life than what Satan offers. And when he sends you his word and you say that's it, something rises up and you start to stand and you start to fight and you start to press and you start to believe and you start to take faith and you start to pray and you start to trust and you start to act on it. Not everyone does that. Children of God do that. That's what's happening inside of your lives. Amen. If you're so weak, why are you still standing? If you got so little faith, why are you still believing? If you got so little worship, why are you still singing? You're still here. You're still doing it. Even if you're going through the form and tradition, you still haven't fallen yet. You still haven't given up. If you're so weak, why haven't you failed yet? Why haven't you given up? It's because it's not you. It's Christ in you that keeps you going. There's something inside of you. Amen. And it keeps you saying, "I believe God's word." Even when, like Abraham, there is nothing to support what you're believing, church. If you're still here and you're still believing, you're winning. And Satan hates it. Satan hates it. Brother Bram says this. Now, Paul's speaking here of the law being a shadow of the good things to come. He said could never make the worshipper perfect. Then he goes on to show what the perfection is. He says now it's a strange thing that this is so much thought of of people. They say well I'm weak. My faith is not very much. I'm not a very good Christian. I don't want you to show your hands tonight. But I want you to look internally and think of have I ever thought that? I'll raise my hand. I'm not asking you to. But there's times where we think, "Boy, there's not much happening here." He says, "That's just what the devil wants you to say. You're talking his language, right?" Then he said, then he says, "See, you must never say that." Can you say that with me? You must never say that. If you've said it, don't say it again. He says, "Don't never let your testimony be negative. Let it be positive all the time." I know you've heard this, but I want to read it. I am saved. I have God in my heart. I believe him with all my heart. He says, "Do you believe in divine healing?" With all my heart. Let your testimony always and your thoughts, everything, be positive. Never permit a negative thought to come in your mind if you can help it. And then not watch what he says next. When it starts that why because you can't stop it because it does not come from you. It comes from an outside influence. But when it starts that he says don't entertain it. Well you say I can't help the thoughts from coming like my thoughts on Monday getting all worked up over something silly. I can't stop the thoughts but I can recognize where they come from. and then I can push them back where they came from. He says, "Well, that'd be like the little farmer that said he couldn't stop the birds from flying over his place, but he sure could stop them from roosting. You can't help the thoughts when they come, but don't entertain them. Just pass it on." No, sir. Jesus Christ is my savior. All things are mine by God, and I'm going to keep them. I'm going to testify of them. He says, "And God can only bless you as you confess what he has done it for you." See, he's the high priest of our confession. Is that right? Hebrews 3, he said that he's the high priest of our confession. He can only do for us as we accept it and believe it and confess it. I was talking with brother Aaron about this and and the response that we have to to adversity to our to symptoms to to push back from Satan is often the real turning point in the battle because so often what happens is you gain some ground but then you always get a big push back. It's like the Toronto Maple Leafs. They can never hold a lead. And sometimes as believers what happens is we get ahead and then we stop trying. And what happens is when we get that inevitable push back, we say, "Oh, well, I guess I wasn't healed. I guess I didn't receive the Holy Ghost. I guess I'm not really a child of God. I guess I wasn't delivered. I guess I didn't get the victory." That's when we lose. He's telling me a story of a man that had a wonderful touch from God and then a little while later, the symptoms came back and that's exactly what he said. And he says he's been miserable ever since. I'm not saying that to to to push you down. I'm saying don't let that push you down. There's always a push back. Brother Bram would say when you've been healed often times you feel worse than the next little while before you feel better. Apply that any way you want. Listen, if you've been backslid, you're probably going to feel worse for a little while when you start to go through your life and you start to to to ask God to to straighten things out or or clean things up or take things out. There's often some guilt associated with those things. feelings of inadequacy of not deserving it and Satan will use that to push back. Don't do it. Don't accept that. Amen. What What is it? What is it? Brother Brand would talk about those that go through a prayer line. He says, "And they would get healed and they'd lose their their healing a week later as the symptoms came back or as things got worse before they got better." Feelings, just the body, the flesh, right? And they'd lose it. What's a symptom? It's Satan trying to take back land that you took from him last night. It's Satan trying to claim back the land that God's given you. That's what a symptom is. He's trying to take something back that he has no right to. You've got to let him take it. He says, "What is confess?" Confess is to say the same thing. That's what a confession is. Confess is to say the same thing he said. He says, "Say what he said. Don't say what your feelings say. Don't say what your neighbor says. Say what God said. Confess it and believe it. Don't look at your symptoms. The symptoms are the worst thing God has to fight against. Symptoms. He says, "Everybody says, "Well, I was praying for it, but my hands know better. It'll never be like that." He says, "Never will. You're looking at your hand. Don't look at your hand. Look at what God said." He says, "What if Abraham's head now Sarah?" And now he had lived with her for years since she was about 17, 18 years old. Here she was 65 now, many years past menopause. see if she's going to have children she'd have had it then they were both sterile and he said well how could she have the baby what if he had said that why it's the first month passed and said Sarah how are you feeling she said no different well I guess maybe it wasn't God that talked to me he says oh my God couldn't have put his confidence in Abraham he says but no matter what Sarah's condition was it was not Sarah's condition he was looking at it was the promise that God had made that he was looking at it isn't the condition of your hand or your ear or your cancer or whatever it is. It's God's word you're looking at. He says God said so. He says, "Now, don't try to bluff it. It won't take bluffing, but if you've got the goods, it'll recognize it." That's right. He says, "You've got to have the real goods." Remember your training. Remember what God said. Amen. We preached on so many things in the past five years. We preached on overcomers. We preached on the Holy Ghost. We preached on redemption. We preached on manifestation of the sons of God. A and we've covered many of these things and so much of it has covered how we fight and overcome. And we're getting back into it again in in this series on dominion. Amen. But I'm trying to remind you tonight of what the Holy Spirit has said so many times by the word. Remember, you're equipped to overcome if you'll do it the way you've been taught. If you'll hold fast to what he's taught you to do, to what God has given you to fight with. Abraham, he quotes Mark 16. He says, "You know, these signs shall follow them that believe and they'll cast out devils, speak with new tongues, if they they take up serpents or any deadly thing and and whatnot." He says that settles it. Be certain of God. Be sure that in your heart that you believe that that's God's word. I'll say this, repetition works well. We talked about staying prayed up, staying in a spiritual atmosphere. Church, you don't have to read a scripture once. Sometimes we need to read it 10 or 15 times. Let me say this. If you are fighting a particular battle, if you have claimed a particular ground, if you are holding fast to a particular promise, find that in the word and put it someplace where you can read it constantly. Sisters, put it up on your fridge. Brothers, put it in your phone. Put it in put it in your wallet. Uh tape it to your to your car steering wheel. do something where you can remind yourself this is what I believe and keep reminding yourself because Satan's going to try and get you to believe everything except that. And if you can keep that in front of you, it'll keep the sword of the word fighting the battle and it'll keep your mind freshly prepared for what Satan's trying to take away from you. He says, "Be certain that in your heart that you believe that that's God's word." He says Job was his wife said, "Why don't you curse him and die? why you're getting worse all the time. He says, "How Satan likes to throw that at you? Why you're no better than you were when you were anointed? You're no better than you were when those preachers prayed for you. Those preachers aren't right in the first place. It doesn't matter about that preacher." He said, "It's your faith in the living God what counts. It's not what the preacher is. It's what God is. The preacher never made the promise. I love what brother Daryl Ward said. He says, "My responsibility is to pray the prayer of faith." That's what I'm told to do. He says it's up to God to bring it. I'm here to pray in faith. But he says it's up to God to do it. He says it's not what the preacher is, it's what God is. The preacher ne never made the promise. God made the promise. It's not up to the preacher. It's up to God and your faith to believe that that is God. He says, "So, be certain of God. Be certain that it's God and that's God's word." He says, "And God is in his word." That's why I'm saying if you're in a battle, if you're in a fight, if you're claiming your territory, take it out of the word and put it and let yourself meditate on it day and night. Here's what I do. I have a song that I go to if things are not going well. And it's that song in the presence of Jehovah. And whenever I can be in the shower, I can be driving, I can be fighting things, whatever. It doesn't matter. That is my go-to song because in the presence of Jehovah is when everything's taken care of. You get into the presence of God, it'll take care of the situation. It'll settle you. It'll calm you. It doesn't matter not. David said, "Yay, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, thou art with me. As long as I know he's there, that settles me." And so I have a go-to. And so I'm telling you tonight, get a go-to. Get a scripture. Get a song and say, when these things come, I'm going to sing this song. I'm going to read this scripture. I'm going to read this quote. Whatever it is that has given you faith, whatever it is that you're holding on to, take it and put it in a place where you can remember it. You can read it. You can recite it. You can sing it. And that doesn't mean I I'm driving in, you know, or I'm sitting in my office at work and I'm singing in the presence. No, but in my head I am. When I'm in the shower, definitely I'm going to sing it. If you're in the house, you're going to sing it, aren't you, Selena? We're going to sing a song. Well, hey, if we've got a place we can sing it, let's sing it. You know, we're supposed to speak. There is power that comes with actually saying it, not just thinking it. I have found, you know, in my my devotion time in the mornings, sometimes I pray silently, but I have found it so much more effective if I can pray out loud. When we're here, how powerful is it when people pray out loud, you've got to speak. You got to let Satan know which side you're on. And not just up here. You got to speak out. You got to let him know. I I think it was Brother Garfield, wasn't it? when you were when you were a boy and you were sick and you took that word and you laid it on you. He physically laid it on him. That's what happens when you speak the word is you're physically declaring we're at war and here's what I'm fighting with and that's all I'm going to fight with. I'm not going to reason. I'm not going to debate. This is what the word says and I'm going to keep swinging that sword until your head's cut off. That's what we do. That's what an overcomer does. Amen. I want to make sure you're not looking at me tonight. You're not looking at brother Aaron. You're not looking at Billian Puy. You're not looking at brother Jonathan Martin. Whichever minister's been here recently. You've got to have your faith settled on one foundation, and that is Christ, the living word in your life. In your life. Amen. Us brothers, as preachers, we're called to sew the seed. As parents, we're called to sew the seed. But it's God that gives the increase. He's the only one that can bring light into darkness and life into death. That's what he does. That's his purpose. That's his attributes. Here's what the word says about you. And we're closing. He says, "Now we have received not the spirit of the world, but the spirit which is of God." Can we say amen to that? Why have we been given that? That we might know the things that are freely given to us of God. that we might know the things that are freely given to us of God. In other words, it's not based on our goodness. It's not based on our performance. It's not based on our family heritage. It is not based on the ministry we sit under. It is not based on our religion. It is based on one thing. He gave us his spirit and that's his grace that does it. That's the only thing that counts here is that he gave us his spirit. so that we could personally experience the things that are freely given to us of God. Every redemptive blessing belongs to a child of God freely. Freely without money, without price. The scripture says you don't have to pay anything for it. If I told you tomorrow, the Avalon Mall is mine. Now, here's here's a little note from me and you go in there and you can take whatever you want. It's freely given. Would we go to Starbucks and get a small hot chocolate and then go to the shoe store and find a moderately priced pair of shoes and then go buy a cheap ski jacket and walk out the door? If you knew and you believed what I said that I own the Avalon Mall and everything in there belongs to me and you can have whatever you want, what would you do? First of all, we cover all the pictures we shouldn't see. And then we would say, "Where's your biggest cart?" And we would back our personal vehicle up to the doors and we would go from store to store. And we would get anything that we wanted, everything we needed, everything our family wanted or needed, everything our friends or family wanted. We'd be calling them up. I'd be calling up, "Brother Bob, is there anything in the Avalon Mall that you would like cuz I've been told I can have whatever I want." We wouldn't be walking out with three items. We'd be walking out with everything our hearts desired, wouldn't we? Paul says, "That's what the Holy Spirit's for. So you can walk into the things of God and take whatever you want and whatever you need to keep walking this walk. That's his promise to you. Amen. Paul said it's given that you should know. Not just believe. Not just believe that you would know. That you would know. That you would know. that you would have a personal experience by knowledge by experience of these things that it's real. And if it's freely given, he wants us to just come up and say, "I need that and take it. I want that and take it." Brother Bram talked about it going into that store. If you knew that everything in there was free, you'd take whatever you wanted. Amen. walk out and say, "That's exactly what I was looking for." And go home content. That's what God's wanting you to do. Be content with the gifts and the blessings that he's freely given. Not go and justify it. If it's free, it's free. Have Have you ever walked up to something where something was free and you felt guilty even taking the one, much less two or three? You know why? Because we always feel we've got to justify it. If you're in Costco and you take two samples, it might be for you, but you know what you say? Yeah, I'm taking one for my wife. We justify it. Freely given. You don't have to justify. You don't have to say, "I'm taking my healing because I'm a really good Christian. I'm taking deliverance because I pay my tithes." No, it's freely given. You don't have to justify what's freely given. You don't have to say, "Look at my track record. I've had a tremendous week, Lord. I'm going to take some more of what's freely given to me." No, it's for the taking. It's free for the taking. Brother puts it this way. He says, "That's what the Christian does. When you're planted in Christ Jesus, everything you have need of in journey is in you. When you receive the Holy Spirit, he says the only thing you have to do is drink, drink, push out, push out. Just drink till you can't drink no more. I'm a big drinker. I've always said it's a good thing I haven't haven't been around alcohol. Maybe I'd be an alcoholic. I don't want to say that. But I love to drink. And so when we go to a a fellowship or something, if there's a lot, I'm going to drink a lot. But there's a little I'm going to hold back to make sure I'm not taking away from somebody else. But if we get to the end of the fellowship and that punch bowl still got this in there, guess who's going to finish that? This guy. Cuz I love to drink. It's free. I love it. He's saying, "Listen. All you have to do is drink and drink. Don't justify it. Don't try and explain it. If you're thirsty, just drink. That's it. Drink until you're not thirsty. Drink until you can't hold anymore. He says, "If you have need of divine healing, go to God's word and drink from it until you push out. If you need more of God, just keep drinking, pushing out." He says, "Christ is the inexhaustible fountain of life. There are some things I love to drink. There are some, you know, I try and stay away from pop and these different things, but boy, there's some juices. I'd just drink the whole thing if you let me do it. I wouldn't even eat anything at a meal. I just sit there and drink some of these things cuz there's something in me. He just likes it. He's saying, "You got the same opportunity. Just keep drinking. Keep drinking till you're satisfied. Keep drinking till you're content. Keep drinking till something comes out of it." He says, "If you're planted in him, the only thing you have to do is drink of his goodness and push out whatever you have need of in this earth's journey." I love this. He says it's all drinking, resting, peace. It's not what you struggle and strive and pull at. He says you defeat the very purpose that you're representing when you do that. Christianity is not something and God's not one you have to beg and cry and plead and fast and starve and everything like that to get to. He says certainly not. Why? Because it's freely given. Brother Abraham says God wants to give you the Holy Ghost more than you want it. God wants to bless you more than you want to bless it want a blessing. His desire is to give you good things. But the greatest thing is eternal life. The greatest thing is to be in relationship with him. And so all things come under that. But freely given means you don't have to justify taking it. You just have to say, "Lord, I'm accepting it." and walk out the door with it and say, "Lord, I thank you for providing for my need, for my heart's desire." Amen. God bless you. Let's stand together if we would. What I love about Freely Giving is you don't have to feel guilty that you don't deserve it. When they just give it to you, they don't look into your life. You know, when you're in Costco, they don't say, "Now, sir, could you afford this on your own? Maybe we should leave this for those that are maybe a little less wellto-do. You know, sir, your suit's a little too nice. Why don't you just buy this and we'll let the samples go to those that are a little more ragged looking? Right. Brother Chad went to Costco tonight. They wouldn't say, "No, sir. You're too wealthy looking. You can't have any samples." No, it's freely given for one and all. There's full equality at Costco when it comes to samples. God's the same way. He's not giving more to those. He doesn't heal those that are better Christians. Children of God, their daily bread is his healing. God doesn't deliver you because you're better than the person next to you. God doesn't save you because you're better. It's his unmmerited grace. It's his favor that we don't deserve. And so when we look at holding the line, what's he saying here? Just keep feeding, keep praying, keep reading, keep listening, keep confessing, keep testifying. It's simple. It's straightforward. It's not heroic. It's not a grand gesture. It's just a day by day steadiness of abiding in Christ. That's really what it is. Amen. Stay close to him. He's the one that's going to help you hold the line tonight. Amen. Scripture says he'll never leave us or forsake us. I love what brother Aaron reminded us. He says you'll never be ashamed when you trust God. That's what he said and that's what we're trusting him to do tonight. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, we're thankful for the ground that we've gained. Lord, we're thankful for the victories that we have. Lord, we're thankful for the faith that you placed in our hearts. Lord, we're thankful for a word that encourages us, Lord, that places us, that positions us, that lets us know what belongs to us, heavenly father. And Lord, I'm asking your grace once again tonight, Lord, that you would encourage us, Lord, that you would rise our faith up, Lord. That you would help us to stand on that which we've overcome, Lord. And as Paul said, Lord, we would press, we would push, Lord, to take one more step, Lord, just another bit closer tonight. Lord, I'm thankful for this wonderful people. Lord, I'm thankful for your presence and for your word. Lord, I pray that as we would just worship you for a while, heavenly father, that you would just encourage us, Lord. Help us to to just uh Lord, just hold ourselves, Lord, before you, Lord, and ask for your your strength day by day, Lord, that you keep a positive confession and testimony before us, Lord. That we keep your word before us day by day, Lord. that we be able to worship and praise you, Lord, in every struggle, trial, and battle that comes our way. Heavenly Father, Lord, we thank you for testimonies. Lord, we thank you for healing. We thank you for your touch on Sister Kimberly. Lord, we are thankful that you're a living God that answers us. Lord, we pray you just continue to be with us to hold the line. In Jesus Christ's name, we ask it. Amen. Thank you, Jesus, for the grace you have given us. 10:21 Thank you Jesus for the grace that you have given us. though I can't repay. But from my heart, I'd like to say that I thank you. Thank you my Jesus for the grace that you have given us. though I can't repay, but from my heart I'd like to say that I thank you. Thank you my Jesus for the grace that you have given us. know I can't repay but from my heart I'd like to say that I thank you. Thank you Jesus for the grace that you have given us. Oh, I can't repay. But from my heart, I'd like to say that I thank you. You deserve the glory. 10:25. You are great. You deserve the glory. and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands to worship as we praise your holy name. You deserve the glory. Yes Lord and the honor Lord we lift to worship as we praise your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Oh, you deserve the glory and the honor. Oh Lord, we lift our hands to worship as we praise your holy name. You deserve the gloryy and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands to worship as we praise your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. &gt;&gt; There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one else like you. For you are great. &gt;&gt; There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one else like you. I will praise the Lord. 11:31. I will praise the Lord. I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store, I will praise the Lord. I will praise the Lord. I will praise the Lord no matter what tomorrow brings what it has in store. I will praise the Lord. Sing it one more time. I will praise the Lord. I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store, I will praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Before we close in prayer, we're going to sing that song, So Glad I'm Yours, Lord, number 48. Brother Paul, I'm going to ask you to close in prayer tonight if you would. Amen. Remember the needs that were spoken. Remember Sister Becky. I remember brother Chad, he told me he's back in the office working. So, we praise the Lord for that. Amen. And just trusting the Lord to continue to give him a full and complete healing from that. Amen. You have each one your needs. You have each one of your situations. Keep it before him. Amen. Keep his word before you. Don't keep the situation in front of you. Keep the word before you. And that'll encourage you and it'll take you through. Amen. Remember the service coming up. Amen. Pray for one another. We're not going to have a prayer meeting this weekend because we've got youth on Sunday, but Lord willing, the following Saturday, we will. If you can come, please come. I'll tell you what, it does you good to have people pray for you, but it does you good to pray for other people as well. And it unites the body together. So, if at all possible, I definitely encourage you to come to that. Amen. Let's keep believing. Let's keep trusting. Let's keep fighting. Let's keep pressing. Amen. And hold each other up before the throne of grace. Amen. Let's sing this a couple times and brother Paul will come and pray. &gt;&gt; I'm so glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. I'm so glad your mercy has followed me. So glad you found me and set me on. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. I'm so glad I'm free, Lord. So glad I'm free. So glad your grace has laid hold of me. I on was captive. I once was bound. up by your grace, Lord. I fre. So glad yours, Lord. So glad. So glad your mercy. It has followed me. I'm so glad that you found me and set me free. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. Dear gracious heavenly father, Lord, we're just what a privileged people we are, Lord. Lord, your mercies are new every morning. And father, Lord, there is no good thing that you'll withhold from your children. And Father, Lord, we're just so thankful that you are still in the healing business, Father. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And Lord, you hear us, Lord, when we we cry out even before the words are even spoken, Lord. You hear the the cry of our heart. And Lord, this weekend, Lord, you heard the cry of my heart, Lord, for my family, Lord, and for my wife. &gt;&gt; Praise your name. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Yes, Lord. Lord, I've tried everything I can, everything I could to help her, Lord. But only you, only the great physician, Lord, can identify the thing that is needed, Father. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; And Lord, you brought her out of a myy pit. &gt;&gt; Yes. Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; And Lord, for the first time in years, she's back in her feet needing nothing, Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Only you can do that, Lord. &gt;&gt; In a moment of time, Lord, you can take years and just make it stop. And Father, Lord, I'm just so thankful to you. Thankful, Lord, for what you did for Chad. Lord, &gt;&gt; thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Lord, just how can it be that it be no damage to his heart? Lord, it's impossible. &gt;&gt; Just thank you. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; And Lord, there scores more of stories and testimonies. Father. And Lord, I'm just so thankful, Lord. So, Father, may you just help us as we go to fight the good fight of faith, Lord, to put on the full armor of God, Lord, to be able to just stand shoulder-to-shoulder together, Lord, because we need each other. We can't do this alone. We can't fight alone, Lord. Lord, may you knit our hearts together, Lord, in love. May every barrier be broken down. May every wall be torn down between us, Lord. And may your grace and your love just overflow, Lord, to each and every one of us, Lord. May complexes die, Lord. May hurts just be dissolved, Lord. And may forgiveness flow. And Father, may you just help us each and every day, Lord, just to seek you with our whole heart, Lord. Yes, Lord. not to hold anything back anymore. The hour is too late. But Father, may we just each and every day just set our face, Lord, to the rising of the sun. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And Lord, may you just grant us the strength for each step of the way, Lord. If the enemy hits us, may we just hit him back. And Lord, may we just overcome, Lord, by your word and by our testimony, Father. So, Father, may you just bless Brother John, Lord, for what he preached tonight, Lord. It was exactly what I needed to hear, Lord. And it was a wonderful word, Lord. It was just may you bless him, Lord, for the hours of service, Lord. It's a difficult position. It's a very thankless position, Lord, but he is the man for the job, Lord. And thank you that he has the heart for the people. So, Father, may you just be with us as we go. May you just bless the needs, those who need a touch. Lord, may you just be with us as we come back again, Lord, on Sunday. We ask all these things name Jesus Christ. Amen. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. N. Heat. Heat.
