################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-11 - 20260111 - The final Say - Bro Aaron Oglesby - Aaron Oglesby.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-11
Title:    20260111 - The final Say - Bro Aaron Oglesby
Speaker:  Aaron Oglesby
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 3h 24m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8AgseCuVrGc
========================================

Description:
Scriptures & Quotes: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1O50qBFy5VojdP3WxWCUxC5R-3Qw78jZA/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
I will humbly. Amen. Let's stand. Praise the Lord. I will give anything. I will give everything to you alone. I know I am the bride that you're returning for. Dressed in garments white and wrinkled free. Though I have no earthly love that I am holding to &gt;&gt; for you're the one who means everything. Hallelujah. I will say I will worship you. I will bow myself down humbly at your throne. Yes, Lord. I will give anything. Oh, hallelujah. I will give everything to you alone. You are the faithful God who keeps your covenant. There's not one thing you said you have not done. Amen. And someday, &gt;&gt; hallelujah. My praise for you will only have begun. Oh, I will sing. I will worship you. Yes, Lord. Amen. I will bow myself down humbly at your throne. I will give anything. I will give everything to you. You are the faithful God. You are the faithful God who keeps your covenant. There's not one thing you said you have not done. And someday when I see you standing face. &gt;&gt; Amen. For you will only have beun. I will sing hallelujah. throw. I will give anything. I will give everything to you alone. I will sing and I will worship you. I will bow myself down humbly at your throne. I will give anything. I will give everything to you alone. Amen. Praise the Lord. Welcome everybody this morning into the house of the Lord. And we welcome our latest overcomer, Brother Chad. God bless you, brother. It's great great to have you where you need to be. right in the presence of the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. A miracle on two feet. Amen. Bless the Lord. Let's sing 597. He's my Lord. We want to sing that this morning. I ask brother Mark to open in prayer and uh to remember to just pray for Brother Aaron as he brings the word of the Lord, of course. And we're happy to have him and sister Lydia. uh they'll be traveling back I guess sometime this week. So uh we're going to remember them in prayer. Trust you enjoyed the word the services the past couple of days and expect more this morning by grace. Remember also brother brother brother Dan of course and we continue to pray for full recovery for brother Chad and uh we just want to remember the family as well. remember brother Nelson Guy, God's grace to him and brother Doug and sister Beverly and uh we want to remember also uh sister Jaime's parents and I was talking to u Adam last night and he said that u brother Tom that's u Jaime's father he has to he has two 80% blockages and they can't do stance so they've got to do open heart on the 20th 23rd I believe it is and uh Jaime's mom has got a blockage 90% somewhere and um also some kind of serious infection around the base of her uh neck, base of the skull somewhere and they say that's a serious one. So we just want to remember them in prayer today. Amen. And God uh the God we serve is a God of miracles, a God of doing the impossible. And we've got proof right here this morning. Praise the Lord. So let's sing and that this morning. Let's sing and pray and let's believe. And just as we sang, let's worship him today by the grace of God. Amen. He's my Lord. There is no other one. Amen. Who can calm the storms of life like my Lord? He give rest to the weary, gives life to the hopeless. There's no doubt. Amen. He's my Lord. And he's my Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. He is no other one. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. can come the storms of life. Like my Lord, he give rest, &gt;&gt; gives new life to the hopeless. There's no doubt about it. He is my Lord. Amen. Our heads there is no doubt about us. He's my Lord. Amen. We should have no doubt in this time what was been revealed to us through a prophet of God come and it's opened up the word and shown us where the world has gone astray and put us back in order. And we can only be thankful today for all of that and thankful for his grace coming amongst us and the Holy Spirit and the token of this age and getting a bride ready for the rapture. all had come to come to in its place in its time and we know we're here Lord as we see the condition of the world the way things have changing that it is the the days of Lot the days of Noah come again in this time so we thank thank him for the grace that we know Lord today and we pray Lord especially for the needs we're thankful for Chad &gt;&gt; for his uh deliverance And Lord, uh, we just thankful he's here today with us to rejoice. And we just pray for him as he goes forward and his family and pray you that you would be with them, Lord, each step of the way. And we remember all the needs that were spoken today. And and remember Sister Jamie's parents especially, and we just ask, Lord, your grace, Lord, for serious need, Lord, that they have. And we ask Lord that you would just intercede and may the hand of God be upon them Lord and they would bring them Lord to your perfect will. We pray. We pray also for brother Dale be with be with uh uh him today and also brother Nelson. And we pray also for brother Aaron as he comes. We ask that the grace of God Lord that would be Lord his portion Lord today and that everything Lord would be under you Lord today and every spirit taking control Lord from Lord from you Lord and Lord that you would just intercede Lord for each heart and soul today through your word. Bless him, bless the congregation we pray. May all things be done decently in order. We pray in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. 264. My sins are gone. Amen. Isn't that wonderful? Praise the Lord. Let's sing it and worship the Lord this morning. You ask me why I'm happy. So I'll just tell you why. Because my sins are gone. And when I meet the scoffers who ask me where they are, I say my sins are gone. Amen. They're underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. Far removed as darkness is from dawn in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. Hallelujah. My sins are gone. Was at the old time altar where God came in my heart and now my sins are gone. Praise the Lord. The Lord took full possession. The devil did depart. I'm glad. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. There underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. As far removed as darkness is from dawn in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. When Satan comes to tempt me and he tries to make me down, I say my sins are gone. You got me into trouble, but Jesus got me out. I'm glad my sins are gone. Amen. They're underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. As far removed as darkness is from dawn. Amen. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Hallelujah. I'm living now for Jesus. And I'm happy night and day because my sins are gone. My soul is filled with music. With all my heart I say, I know my sins are gone. Praise the Lord. There underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. as far removed as darkness is from dawn in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Course again there underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. As far removed as darkness is from dawn. Amen. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Amen. Amen. We should be the happiest people on earth. Praise the Lord. Let's uh let's sing The Move Is On. It's uh 88. The move is on, my Lord. The move is on. The move is on, my Lord. The move is on. I can hear the rustle in the bulb trees. And I know, I know, I know the move is on. Praise the Lord. Move on, brother. Move on, sister. This is the moving day. Oh, move a little closer where the streams are flowing. Move on, brother. Move. Amen. The move is on, my Lord. The move is on. The move is on, my Lord. The move is on. I can hear the rustling in the mberry trees and I know I know I know the move is on. Move on brother. Move on sister. This is a moving day. Move a little closer where the streams are flowing. Move on, brother. Move on. Amen. Praise the Lord. We want to sing 1263. So, I'm going to make it by the grace of God. We're going to have two specials this morning. So, when we sing this, the little ones come up first and then Brother Joe and Sister Priscilla are going to sing a special as well. So that will cap off the specials for the uh for the weekend of services which by the way I just was really blessed by the specials. They were really really wonderful as far as I was concerned. So thank you to all who who did that put themselves out for it. Amen. Let's sing this with a revelation in our hearts. We're going to make it by the grace of God. Amen. I'm going to make it. He's already said that I would. I'll keep on trusting that he's working everything for my good. Hallelujah. He walks beside me and heaven is in my view. Oh, I'm going to make it true. I'm going to make it. He's already said that I would. I keep on trusting that he's working everything for my good. Hallelujah. He walks beside me and heaven is in my view. Oh, I'm going to make it through. Amen. But the fruit of the spirit joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness. But the fruit of the spirit is faithfulness, gent. And if we walk into the spirit, we must keep in step keep the spirit. We march in his spirit. We must keep in step with the spirit. But the fruits of spirit and love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, but the fruit of the spirit is faithfulness, gent. You'll miss out control. But if we watch this, then we must keep in step. Keep in step with the spirit. And if we in the spirit, we must keep in step keep with the spirit. But with the fruits of the spirit still joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, but the fruits of the spirit, faithfulness, gentleness, and self control. Is this working? Just want to give a brief testimony. Guess when um shortly before Raphael was born, Priscilla and I, we both she's for those of you that don't know, she's dealt with rheumatoid arthritis since she was 16. It's when she was diagnosed. So, it's uh more than half her lifetime dealing with that as a young person and now as a mom. And you can imagine that uh there's been some valleys in in that over that course of time. So before he was born, um both she and I felt that it was the Lord's time for her healing and she stepped out in a big step of faith. Uh went off her medication for 6 months. Uh in the end, I guess the lesson for us there was that we got ahead of the Lord's timing and she went through a very tough time in those six months. And then that was in 2021. And um the following years continued to be uh quite difficult for her not just physically but also spiritually dealing with the the questions around that and how do you now untangle that and then how do you you know keep believing and you know expecting it for for herself. So that became a big burden for me as the head of the home and in leading her in that direction. I really felt a great burden for her cuz I just saw it affecting her in a lot of different ways including in church and in her worship and in her liberty and so forth. So there there was a different special meetings we had. Brother Dwayne Far when he was came through here. Um I went up for prayer and uh cried into his shoulder just uh asking him to pray that God would help her cuz I felt responsible. and uh brother John I uh shared that with him in many different conversations and I know he's been praying for me and and the church. Um, and then we go forward to 2024 and we had the camp meetings and brother Aaron and sister Lydia were here. And again, it was it was that that cloud was still over her. And at the time, I was also dealing with some real stress in my life with with my business. And it was 2024 and it was just a difficult year for us. and I was faced with the stress of do I need to do layoffs and make some changes or do I wait and and you know for things to pick up and so it was just that August was a really uh really heavy time you know for for two of those reasons. So again, I went up for prayer uh to brother Aaron prayed for me and uh to boil it down what he said to me. He said, "Brother, I see the light at the end of the tunnel." And so in those meetings uh right away, I just saw a big difference in Priscilla and just again that freedom and liberty that she's known for in her worship. And um we're still walking through that battle. you know, she's she's still believing for her healing and we're just trusting God's timing in it, whatever that is, whatever his purpose is. So, prophet of God said that as his children, sometimes he says no, sometimes he says wait. And it's it's a indication that we're a child of God when we can accept that and we can wait. So, it's um but it's not easy to to get the the the the answer that you have to wait. that's that's uh very difficult sometimes. So, I just wanted to share that to just give God the glory and to thank all of you for your prayers and brother John, brother Aaron, um Dwayne, the different ones that God has sent along to to help us through it. And we just wanted to sing this song as a a testimony to the grace and the longsuffering of God. I have a source in times of need that gives me hope, that brings me peace in every Try through every test. My savior stands in my defense. So when the road you walk leaves you tired and worn, &gt;&gt; all your strength is gone. and your heart feels torn. Remember, God is greater than the storm. Take courage for the battle is the Lord. When the waters rise, he calls my name and he bids me come out on the waves. He holds my hand lest I should falter. And he makes me stand upon the water. When the road you walk leaves you tight and warm, &gt;&gt; all your strength is gone and your heart feels torn. Remember, God is gater than the storm. Take courage for the battle is alone. When the waters rise, &gt;&gt; he calls my name and bs me come out on the waves. He holds my hand lest I should fall. And he makes me stand upon the water. So when the road you walk leaves you tied and warm, all your strength is gone. and your heart feels torn. Remember, God is gater than the stor. Take courage for the battle is the Lord. I have a source &gt;&gt; in times of need &gt;&gt; that gives me hope that brings me peace. In every trial, through every test, my savior stands in my defense. So when the road you walk leaves you tired and worn, all your strength is gone. and your heart feels torn. Remember God is greater than the storms. Take courage for the battle is the Lord. Remember God, he's gater than the storm. &gt;&gt; Take courage for the battle with the Lord. &gt;&gt; Can't you see why I'm so happy? I've accepted the word of the Lord, &gt;&gt; the reveal word that was spoken by the prophet. of my cat. Can't you see why I'm so happy? I've accepted the word of the Lord. The revealed word that was spoken &gt;&gt; by the prophet of Mali. Amen. That was beautiful. Praise the Lord. And we enjoyed the children too. Must be fun into Sunday school, you know. Must be must be great. But we look at the fruits of it and we know that God is in it. So we thank the Lord. Amen. Let's sing um 7:25. Shout to the Lord. Amen. My Jesus, my savior, Lord, there is none like you. All of my days I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. Amen. My comfort, my shelter, tower of reuge and strength. Let every breath hallelujah. All that I am never cease to worship you. Oh shout the Lord all the earth. Let us sing. Power and majesty. Praise to the King. Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your day. I sing for joy at the work of your hands. Hallelujah. Ever. I love you forever. &gt;&gt; Amen. Nothing compares to the proise I have in you. My Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. all of my days. Yes. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Jesus. &gt;&gt; The wonders of your mighty love, my comfort, my shelter, tower of reuge and strength. Hallelujah. Let every breath praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Will never cease to worship. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Shout to the Lord. All the earth let us sing. Power and majesty praise to the king. Mountains bow down and the seas hallelujah. At the sound of your name I sing for joy. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Forever I love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have. Shout to the Lord on the earth. Let us sing. Power and majesty. Praise to the King. Let's stand. Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. I sing hallelujah. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Forever I love you. Forever. Yes. Amen. Mountains. to the promise I have in you. I sing for joy at the work of your hands. Forever I love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have in you. Praise the Lord. Amen. There is none like him. Amen. I'm going to do something a little different this morning. You see, you can keep standing. Just let's everybody stand. 11:50. Can you bring that up for me? Last time Brother Aaron was here, he asked us to sing this song. So, we're going to sing it. It's a little different tempo for when the ministry comes, but I just wanted to do it. It may be a blessing to everybody. Excuse me. Let's sing it. They shall lift up their voice. They shall sing for joy. They shall cry aloud and be free. They shall glorify the name of the Lord is the bloodbought. The church, the redeemed. Hallelujah. Oh, we are in that army of the Lord. We've been washed in the blood and we are going forth. There is nothing that can stop this mighty moving force with a shout of praise and a twoed sword. Every stronghold of bondage fall beneath our feet. Every prisoner held captive must be free. Hallelujah. Has come from the power of the son is the bloodb. Hallelujah. Oh, pick up your heart. Oh, pick up your heart, oh Zion of the Lord. Let the earth ring forth with his praise. All his children rejoice from the islands of the sea. It's the bloodbought, the church, the redeemed may. Oh, we are in that army of the Lord. Oh, we've been washed in the blood and we are going forth. There is nothing that can stop this mighty moving force with a shout. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Every stronghold of bondage fall beneath our feet. Every prisoner, our captain must be free. Our deliverance has come through the power of the sun. It's the bloodborn, the church. Hallelujah. And let the earth be silent when cease to blow. Hallelujah. Follow your wings. There's a new song being sung with a brand new melody. It's the blood, the church, the redeemed. Amen. Oh, we are in. Hallelujah. We've been washed in the blood. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Oh, there is nothing that can stop this mighty moving force. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Every whole of bondage fall beneath our feet. Every prisoner held captive must be free. Our deliverance has come to the power of the son. It's the bloodbought. The church the redeemed again for us. Oh, we are in that army. God bless you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. God bless you, brother. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; I did that on purpose. &gt;&gt; Shout of praise to Edged sword. Every stronghold of bondage fall beneath our feet. Every prisoner held captive must be free. Our deliverance has come through the power of the sun. It's the blood from the church the redee. They shall lift up their voice. They shall sing for joy. They shall cry aloud and be free. &gt;&gt; They shall glorify the name. Oh, we are in that army of the Lord. &gt;&gt; There is nothing that can stop this mighty moving force. With a shout of praise and a twoed sword, every stronghold of bondage fall beneath our feet. Every prisoner hell captain must be free. Our deliverance has come through the power of the sun. It's a bloodbath the church, the redeemed. Oh, pick up your heart, oh Zion of the Lord. Let the earth ring forth with his praise. All his children rejoice from the islands of the sea. It's above the church, the redeemed. Oh, we are in that army of the Lord. We've been washed in the blood and we are going forth. There is nothing that can stop this mighty moving force with a shout of praise and a twoed sword. Every stronghold of bondage fall beneath our feet. Every prisoner held captive must be free. Our deliverance has come through the power of the sun. It's the blood of the church, the redeemed. Oh, we are in that army of the Lord. We've been washed in the blood and we are going forth. There is nothing that can stop this mighty moving force with a shout of praise and a twoed sword. Every stronghold of bondage fall beneath our feet. Every prisoner held captive must be free. Our deliverance has come through the power of the sun. It's the blood of the church. the redeemed. Every stronghold of bondage fall beneath our feet. Every prisoner held captive must be free. Our deliverance has come through the power of the sun. It's the blood of the church, the redeemed. Our deliverance has come. Our deliverance has come through the power of the sun. It's a bluff bought the church, the redeemed. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Thank the Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; There's healing in praise. &gt;&gt; There's healing in worship. &gt;&gt; And there's healing by his presence. There's healing by his word. Amen. We are so thankful for the goodness of God. Haven't you enjoyed this weekend? Amen. It's been so wonderful. And I just want to thank brother Aaron again before he comes to minister for coming to us, sister Lydia with them. We always enjoy them so much. It's a sacrifice to leave the warmth of Louisiana for the weather of Newfoundland. But they were happy to see the snow as I picked them up on on Thursday. So, uh I'm happy for that. But it's been such a wonderful time. We want to welcome Sister Nadine back to us. First time she's been here since she got t-boned in the car. So, we're so thankful to see her standing there and able to come to service. Amen. What a wonderful thing. We want to welcome Sister Joanne's mother that's been visiting us as well. Amen. God bless you, sister. It's good to have you here. And sister Darlene as well. God bless you. Amen. We're going to turn it right over to brother Aaron to minister the word this morning. He has full liberty as always. There's no clocks here. We're going to have a fellowship after with food so we we don't have to worry about those things. So, let's just settle in. We're woke up now. Let's settle in and hear the word. Amen. And let the word do a work in our life this morning. We're going to sing that song by his word. Amen. 1260. As he would come, Amen. Just pull on the gift. Lift your hand to him. Say, Lord, not to him, to him. Say, Lord, I've got a need. I've got a question. I've got a concern. Say, Lord, raise my faith to the standard of your word that I could stand on it. not just in this service but as we go out this afternoon that it would go with me and help me to overcome in my life. Amen. Let's sing this as he comes. Oh, by his word I preail by his word. I'll never fail. By his word I'll overcome. Oh by his word I'll prevail. I'll overcome. Oh, by his word. I'll never Thank you Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Yes Lord. &gt;&gt; By his word. Do we believe that this morning &gt;&gt; by his word? Because his word can never fail and you are a part of that word. Therefore, you're not going to fail. Amen. Before we pray, I I just want to take a moment and say thank you. You uh you make us feel so welcome here, like a part of you, and I I truly feel that way. We love you with the love of the Lord. It it's been a a real joy. a real joy to be with you once again and and and see you again. And you know, I I I travel a fair amount, been in different size congregations. No matter how big a congregation is, I've never been in a place that that that can create a better atmosphere than you people do. Y'all really enter in with your whole heart, and it means so much to me. It does something to me. I stepped out of the back door right there today just in tears just watching you give your everything. And I believe that's we have to what we have to do in this day is give our everything. &gt;&gt; He gave his everything for us. So let's give him our everything. I I sure appreciate you and love you and we just want to turn our attention to the word now. Thank you so much. Father, we love you, Lord. We just surrender our thoughts and our thinking and everything to you right now and ask you that you would take control of this service. Lord, I pray that you would give me liberty to speak the things that you want said. And Lord, shut my mouth to things you don't want said, Lord. Lord, in other words, just remove me out of the equation, Lord, as much as possible today. And may you speak, Lord. May your people be encouraged, Lord. That's what drove me even through through the night, Lord, is you letting me know to encourage the people. So, Lord, that's what we're going to do today. And I just ask that you'll get in it and have your way, Father. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. And amen. Thank you very much. If you have your Bibles with you today and you'd like to turn with me, we're going to look in the book of Isaiah, chapter 14. The book of Isaiah, chapter 14. We're going to titled this message today, the final say. The final say. Amen. But Chad, sure is good to see you today, buddy. Amen. It's a better place to see you than where I saw you last time. Amen. Isaiah 14 verse 12 it says here how art thou fallen from heaven oh Lucifer son of the morning how art thou cut down to the ground which did weakest the n weaken the nations for thou hast said in thine heart I will ascend into heaven I will exalt my throne above the stars of God I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation and the sides of the north I will ascend above the heights of the clouds I will be like the most high Yet thou shalt be brought down to hell, to the sides of the pit. They that see thee shall narrowly look upon thee and consider thee, saying, Is this the man that made the earth to tremble, that did shake the kingdoms? Amen. You can have your seats this this morning. You know, I love this because it shows Satan and and and all his plans and it shows his desire to have dominion over God's creation and dominion over you really and and to control your life. And we see right here even in the scripture that what we learn is that the the the plans of Satan will never stand. Amen. Satan is he's never short on plans. And it's something that we can trace all the way down through the Bible, what what he plans to do and how he plans to control man and how he plans to ascend and you know he planned to take over uh uh the the creation of God there in the garden and he has plans for you today. Yeah, that's the truth. And sometimes it even seems like that Satan's plans are successful to a degree. And as he begins to carry these things out and and if we look at it through natural eyes, many times it would seem like Satan's plan is working because we see the circumstances that come with his plans. Amen. We see the circumstances that rise up against you and and symptoms and and things of that nature become really bad. And I just want to encourage you this morning that no matter how bad it looks and no matter what the situation looks like, Satan does not have the final say. Amen. He He doesn't get the final say in your life because my God still lives and and this morning when I woke up, I understood that my God is alive and that his promises are still true and that his word never fails. So So no matter where we're at today, if that's all we get out of this, understand this. His promises are true and his word never fails. Hallelujah. Amen. So, what I'm asking you to do today is that we look away from what the enemy is saying. We We look away from our circumstances and we look to Jesus this morning and we we look away from our failures and our abilities and we look away from our sins. We look away from our sickness. Look away from everything that the devil is saying because he's always going to be saying something. He's always going to be trying to point you to a negative. and he's always going to be trying to point you to a symptom and he's always going to be constantly bringing up the worst case scenario. So, we got to look away from that. Listen, he boasts all the time. That's what he does. Satan boasts all the time and he tries to bring fear and he tries to bring torment. But to a believer, it's never the final say. Amen. I I I don't tie my anchor to the lies of the enemy. Too many times we we're repeating what he said. But the devil said and and the devil said and the devil said. But listen, the devil doesn't have the final say in your life. He doesn't get a vote in how this thing turns out. It isn't a democracy. &gt;&gt; He doesn't get to cast a vote. Well, I think because of this sin and because of this failure and where he strayed here and he didn't pray enough here and he didn't do these things, I think he shouldn't make it to heaven. God says your voice doesn't matter in this situation. My blood speaks, my word speaks, my grace speaks on their behalf, and that's the only thing that matters this morning. Amen. The devil says a lot, but none of what he says is eternal. His word didn't speak worlds into existence. His word didn't create atmospheres. The devil's word didn't create your body. But my God, &gt;&gt; my God, the word of our God, the faithful and the true witness, the one whose word can never fail, he gets the final say. &gt;&gt; Amen. Satan said, "I will ascend." But God's word says, "You're going to be brought down to the pit." &gt;&gt; Satan says, "I'm going to be lifted up on the sides of the north. I'm going to reign over the congregation." And God says, "No, you're going to be nothing but a worm. You're going to be cast down." Amen. Revelation 3:14 tells us gives us a picture of our Lord and Savior. It says, "Unto the angel of the church of the Leosians, right? These things saith the amen, the faithful and true witness, the beginning of the creation of God." This word faithful here means person who shows themselves faithful in the transaction of business. One who is worthy of trust. one that can be relied on. True means that which is not only the name and resemblance but the real nature corresponding to the name in every aspect corresponding to the idea signifying by the name real true genuine. In other words, it is opposite of imperfect or uncertain. the things that are in this word, the promises that speak of you, the promises that that show you there with him before the foundation of the world, the promises that says to him that overcome, the promises that says they'll be there and their offspring with them, the promises that says by his stripes you are healed, they are faithful and they are true. You can put your trust in this word this morning. All else may be failing. You may not know where to turn to find truth, but this morning, this is true. This is faithful. And you can submit yourself. You can you can hang your very soul today on the words that are in this word. They are spoken by the amen of God. Spoken by the one who's worthy of our trust. One who is real. One who is true. One who is genuine. Prophet of God says Jesus is giving us this description of himself in relation to the last age. That's where we stand. The days of grace are winding up. He has looked from the first century right through to the 20th and told us all things concerning these ages. Before he reveals the characteristics of the last age to us, he gives us one final look at his own gracious and supreme deity. This is the capstone revelation of himself. Thus saith the amen. Jesus is the amen of God. Jesus is the so let it be of God. Amen stands for finality. It stands for approval. It stands for prevailing promise. It stands for unchanging promise. It stands for the seal of God. This is where I'm going to anchor at today. This is where I'm going to stand at today. It's an unchanging promise. It's a prevailing promise. It's the seal of God. Amen. There is only one who has the final say in your life. God makes the final decision. Satan never has the final say in a believer's life, in a believer's situation. So, how comforting is when when we don't understand, when we can't understand why, when we have heartaches and we have loss. Let me tell you this. The devil did not win. &gt;&gt; I can't understand this. The devil did not win. Understand? He is working all things for your good. &gt;&gt; Oh, brother Aaron, I can't see how it's for my good. And the problem is many times because we're expecting it to work for our earthly good. &gt;&gt; And I don't mean this in the wrong way. God is concerned about our day-to-day. He is concerned about our finances, but and things of that nature. But when he says, "I'm working all things for your good," he's not talking about those things. He's talking about your eternal good. So, you're in this trial and this trial and you say, "I can't see how this is working out for my good." That's okay. He's not worried about it working out right now for your good. Everything you go through, every situation is to work to make sure you end up there. &gt;&gt; I'm making sure this is molding you and making you and doing whatever it takes. So, on that day, it all turns out for your good. &gt;&gt; Amen. We live in the age of a million voices, if not more. And all of them are intent on having a say in your life. All of them want a piece of your time. All of them trying to have influence, speaking constantly. And we have to be careful what we lend our ears to. Amen. Doubt and unbelief h have more avenues today and more outlets to speak through than ever before. And it's brought a a a confusion into the hearts of many because there's no truth left in the world. There's no truth left in government. There there's no truth left in our schools and and in our universities and and people are torn and searching. And I hear people say, "I just don't know what to believe anymore." I do. &gt;&gt; I do. Because in the midst of darkness, it has made this light shine brighter than ever before. It is confirmed to our hearts more than ever before how true this is. It's getting darker and darker and darker and it's making this shine brighter and brighter and brighter. I tell people all the time, you know, you you find people struggling with the message of the eye where and well, I I found this situation, so it's it's rocked my faith and and I found where he said something here, so it's made me fall away. And I can't understand that for myself because every single day we go along confirms to me more and more the truth of the prophet of Malachi 4. Every day I look and and I see situation I say, "Yep, he was right about that. Yep, right about that. Yep, right about that." And the darker it gets, the brighter the light shows and the more the truth stands out and I recognize we are not following cunningly devised fables. But this is a message from the throne of almighty God that is coming this day to make this word live. Did it rewrite the Bible? No. It brought this Bible to life. Amen. And it made us recognize we are not stumbling around in darkness. But the final say spoken this day. And he came and he put his amen behind the message of the hour. And we can stand in confidence today that the final say has spoken on our behalf. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Stop listening to all the voices out there fighting for your attention. There is a vindicated voice in this day. return our minds today and our heart to the only thing that was ever worth believing. The only one whose plans have never failed, the amen of God, &gt;&gt; the faithful and true witness. You know, the the evil of the age, it doesn't shake us. I spoke about that a little bit. How how that often times we see things in the word and then it turns out exactly like the word said and it and it shakes people. I'm not shaken by but it confirms to me what we're believing. It confirms to us. Yes, we're standing right on the precipice of the coming of the Lord. Yes, he is a a strong tower. Yeah. Yes, he is a rock of refuge. Yes. Thank you, Lord Jesus, that you forewarned us these things was coming. And it's just made the truth more clear and the light to shine more brighter. And I want to say again and hammer this home today because there's so many voices even as we sit in a service. Even as we sit here, so many thoughts, so many directions, so many things that fight for your attention. And there is only one voice of truth in this day. &gt;&gt; Well, I can't find truth. will quit looking for it in the wrong places. Quit looking for it in in university or in Facebook stories. Hey, how many people how many people trust things because they talked to a guy at the store or my neighbor told me. Amen. We'll run with it, man. My neighbor told me. But we read a scripture from a vindicated word. We read a a scripture from one that cannot fail. the true and faithful witness. And we're like, "Yeah, but this is 2026." And you know, my doctor says, "Yeah, but you know, the the prophet said this was going to happen. Yeah, but my neighbor said that one time he heard." And we're so quick to listen to voices except for the one that we should be listening to because we've allowed all the voices of Leodysia to drown out the still small voice. We've allowed that to be clogged. And and I want to encourage you as as we enter deeper into 2026, reconnect with the still small voice. Reconnect with the uncction of the Holy Ghost. Reconnect with with being able to recognize that. Sometimes it's been so long since we've we've spoken and we've heard and we've listened that when he speaks, it's not that we don't hear, it's that we don't recognize who and what it is that's speaking to us. &gt;&gt; Reconnect with that today. to quit looking for truth in the wrong places because the word is the voice of truth and we must make the word our absolute. Amen. He says he is the god of the amen. He never changes. What he does never changes. He says it, it stands fast. He does it, it is done forever. None can take from what he says or add to it. So let it be. Amen. So let it be. Now, let's compare that to Satan. Let's compare that to the one who tells you to quit. Compare it to the one who tells you that you can't make it. You can't get well. This message just doesn't it just isn't for you. John 8:44 describes him. Says, "He was a murderer from the beginning. He abodeed not in the truth because there's no truth in him. When he speaketh a lie, he speaketh of his own, for he is a liar and the father of it." Compare the sources. One is faithful and one is true and one has never failed and one has never told a lie and the other is a liar and the father of lies. So let's quit lending our ear to the liar and to the father of lies. Do you know how to tell when the devil's lying to you? When his mouth is moving. &gt;&gt; If he's speaking, he's lying. The devil said that I ain't going to make it. Blessed be the name of the Lord. I must be on my way. The devil said I'm not a son of God. Hallelujah. I must be a child of God. Why is he after me so hard today, brother Aaron? That just means he don't have you yet. &gt;&gt; You want to get worried? Get worried when the devil backs off. &gt;&gt; Get worried when you're not having trials. Get worried when everything's going perfect because that must mean he feels pretty comfortable with where he has you. But if he's after you today and he's telling you those things, just step back and rejoice and say, "Lord, just strengthen me because I know I'm in for a battle. But I know I'm yours. I know I'm called. I know I'm chosen. And what you say about me is the only thing that matters. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I'm going to put my trust in the faithful and true, not the ly murderer." That just seems to make good sense to me today. Jesus points us back to the beginning to what Satan always was in heaven. Satan became lifted up in himself and he begins to preach and he begins to deceive in heaven. Never give ear to the devil even for just a moment. But brother Aaron, I'm solid. I I I I can look at those things. I'm solid. You know, I you know, I I'm not afraid to to debate with with these people and look at their materials. I'm solid. Listen, I think the angels in heaven were probably pretty solid. But Satan was such a deceiver that he deceived a third of the angels in heaven. Don't listen. Don't give ear. Don't debate. Don't dwell on the questions and doubts that come into your mind. Don't dwell on the things that don't edify and strengthen you. Stay away from the poison of negativity. Don't be the mouthpiece of negativity. These things when they come into our mind, well, it's not a new battle. We we knew that these things were going to come because we were given instruction on exactly what to do when these things come into our mind. He said, "Cast down imagination. cast down anything that that would lift itself up against the word of God. Why? Because our own thoughts will begin to do that. Our own doubts and our own fears. And if we dwell there long enough, they take foothold. &gt;&gt; And if we dwell there long enough, you know, it it begins to put out roots in our heart. You know how it is. You see a little sapling, you can go pluck that thing up pretty easy. But come back the next year when the roots have gone deep, when it's really got a hold in something and try to pull that tree up. Now it's a little more difficult. now the next year and eventually it gets to the place where it's almost impossible to pull it out without destroying things around it. When those thoughts come into your life, deal with it. Then when issues rise up, when when little spirits try to settle in, negativity or lust or pride or whatever it may be, when you recognize it in that moment, deal with it then because you let it linger and you play with it and you toy with it and next thing you know it has an anchor down in your heart and maybe you can get it out. Maybe you can be rescued. But what gets destroyed in the process? Lot was pulled out of Sodom, but he lost his children in the process. &gt;&gt; Look at the pain and the scars. Yes, you may be pulled out, but what do you lose in the process? &gt;&gt; Deal with issues in the moment. Deal with it today. Right then, Satan begins to ask questions and plant seeds of negativity in heaven. And soon, he's cast out with all those that listen to his lies. He says, "This great first battle that was ever fought began in heaven when Michael and his angels fought against Lucifer and his angels. It first started, the first battle was in heaven. So sin did not originate on earth. It originated in heaven. And then it was thrown down from heaven, cast out of heaven to the earth and it fell on human beings. Then the battle from angels become human battles and Satan come to destroy God's creation. What God had created to be for himself. Satan come to destroy this. That's what his purpose was was to destroy it. Then the battle began here on earth and it began in us and it's been raging ever since. So we see ca Satan is cast out of heaven and immediately he wants a way back in and and he begins to target man and man's position as a way to worm his way back into a position of authority. and he's scheming and he's looking for any weakness, any opportunity. And through the serpent, he begins to do the same thing that he did in heaven. He begins to preach. He begins to preach to Eve. And he begins to tell her things that peak her curiosity, things that slant the word just slightly, that just bend it just a little bit, and thoughts begin to linger that should have been cast down. We let those things linger too long, church. &gt;&gt; We let those thoughts linger too long. C can I can I be healed, but you know what? Maybe it's not for me. Maybe I'm not called to a rapture. You may maybe I'll just be a foolish virgin. Maybe I've gone too far. Maybe I've crossed the maybe my son's been out too long and maybe he's done too much. and and what if and maybe listen, cast those things down today. Return to the word. Your children are an inheritance. You've been called to salvation. You've been called to a rapture. He didn't call your name to leave you here. Brother Shawn Martin used to sing a song. He didn't bring us this far to leave us. He didn't teach you to swim to let you drown. He hasn't brought you out and called you to abandon you. You may be feeling abandoned today. You may be feeling like everything's against you. But he hasn't left you and he hasn't forsaken you. And I say you'll find him right where you walked away from him. &gt;&gt; He's still there with his arms open to forgive and to receive you. Come back to the word today. Cast down the doubts. By his stripes, I'm healed. I have a promise of the Holy Ghost. I have a promise of a body change. I have a promise for my children. And these promises, they weren't spoken by some wishy-washy person. They weren't spoken by man, but they were spoken by the I am. They were spoken by the true and the faithful witness. Amen. &gt;&gt; They are the final say on the matter. &gt;&gt; They are the final say, but thoughts contrary to the word will come and you have to take them. And it says, "Casting down imaginations and every high thing that exaltth itself against the knowledge of God, bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ." But see, Eve listened too long and she began to wonder. He says, "We know that Eve lost the battle because she relied upon her reasoning instead of her faith in God's word." And this must be a very important thing because he says, "Let's repeat that." She relied upon her reasonings instead of having faith in God's word. It reasoned out. Let me put that in other words. It made sense. What the serpent said made sense. It reasoned out. Therefore, she broke the front lines and the enemy rushed in and then death struck the world. Oh church, what a different situation we'd be in today if she'd have just stayed behind that word. &gt;&gt; If she would have just stayed true to the word. If she would have just trusted the word. If she would have relied on the word. If she would have counted it as the absolute, knowing that regardless of what you see and regardless of what your senses declare to you today, the word is still truth. &gt;&gt; Even if this makes sense, this is truth. Even if there's facts stacked up right here, this is truth. It's always the truth. The word can be trusted. So, I'm just trying to tell you today, stay with the word. &gt;&gt; Stay with the truth. Stay with the word when things are good. Stay with the word when you feel like you're being overwhelmed. Stay with the word when you're struggling. Oh, there's a place many of us find ours, if we're honest, many of us find ourselves today in a place of struggle. Many of us find ourselves today in a place of battle. And the devil would love to get you in a place that the struggles here and the failures here get you so down on yourself and so down about where you fit in here and where you belong here that you lose sight of your place here. &gt;&gt; You lose sight of your place in the word. You lose sight of what you've been called to be. You lose sight of your place in him and your position in him. Who cares about your position in the church? Who cares about your position at the company? What is your place in him this morning? &gt;&gt; Don't lose sight of what you mean to the body of Christ. There's a place for you. &gt;&gt; It's a high and a holy place and it's an important place. It's been said before many times and I'll say it again. No one can take your place. Nobody brings to the table what you bring to the table. Nobody can play the part that you play. You are a piece of the puzzle. And we can't leave until the puzzle is complete. &gt;&gt; And I don't care if you're that perfect little corner piece or that jaggedy old wonky piece there in the middle that seems like a a kindergarter cut it up with scissors. &gt;&gt; It doesn't matter. &gt;&gt; It doesn't matter. It's still a piece of the picture. And the picture don't make sense until every piece is put there. So if you'll just surrender yourself into the hand of the master and let him take that peace and place it where it's meant to be placed, then we'll have a perfect picture and then the rapture can come. Then we can go home. Then we'll overcome as a church body. When you say, "I just want to play my part." Whatever that is, Lord Jesus, &gt;&gt; Satan wants to keep you looking elsewhere. Keep you wanting to be a different piece of the puzzle. keep you wondering what and where your place is. And maybe for some you don't have a problem fitting in. Maybe some people fit in too easy. Maybe for some it's not failure. Maybe for some it's success that hinders. Maybe the career is too good. Maybe the pull to accomplish more here and to be somebody here keeps you out of your place in the body. But whatever it is, the enemy tries to steer you away from your place and your true calling, away from victory. Where does victory come, brother Aaron? How does victory come when when I'm doing this and I'm doing that and and I'm overcoming? Victory comes when we find our place and our peace and our success in him. &gt;&gt; That's where victory comes. When we find our our success and our place and our peace in him. Speaking of place, I I just read these quotes today and I don't have them, but the Lord laid it on my heart. And you know, many times we see somebody like a minister and we think, "Oh, wow." You know, he prayed for this one and they got well and he prayed for this one and this devil got cast out. What a ministry. What a place he had. And there's a quote where brother Brandham talks about it and he says, "And this minister prays for the sick and demons are cast out." And he says this, "And this sister fast and prays and it's the reason he can cast out demons. Which place is more important? &gt;&gt; Their place is no less important than my place. &gt;&gt; Your place is huge. &gt;&gt; This sister fast and prays and that's the reason he can cast out devils. I read that and I was just like, Lord, Lord, keep us humble &gt;&gt; and yet by the same time make us aware how important we are, &gt;&gt; that we're needed. You want to hinder a service, just don't pray for it. Brother Brown said, "The greatest thing you can do is pray for the meeting. &gt;&gt; Your time's important. Your peace is important. You are huge to the kingdom of God." You got to come to the place you realize I'm a part of him. He cannot fail. His word cannot fail. I'm a part of that word. So, I'm not going to fail. And I'm happy and I am pleased and I'm proud to play whatever part the Lord asked me to play. What a mighty part it is. What a wonderful position I've been given. What a place you've been given in this day. Let's anchor right there our peace and our success and everything anchored in him in a word that cannot fail. &gt;&gt; But what the serpent said to Eve seemed reasonable. And she takes it in. And in so doing, all creation falls. And after the fall, says they heard the voice of the Lord God walking in the garden in the cool of the day. I think about this. Just the day before, this was a wonderful thing. They would have heard that voice and they would have ran to it. You remember what it was. You remember when things were right, when you had just given your heart to God, how excited you were for the church door to open and you ran to that. how excited you were to play a message, how excited you were for your prayer time. You ran to that. But then little things come in, little hindrances come in that that pull us away. And maybe a failure comes in that brings condemnation into our life and we hear the voice of the Lord God and Adam and his wife hid themselves from the presence of God. Where you been? I I just hadn't been able to make it for the last month. I you I've just had I've had some things come up and we start with excuses and what it is is we're hiding from that fellowship. We're hiding from facing the reality of it. And we begin to hide. And Adam and his wife hid themselves from the presence of the Lord God amongst the trees of the garden. And the Lord God called unto Adam and he said unto him, "Where art thou?" And this ain't even what my sermon's about, but I feel to go here for a minute. If you'll just read further on, he wasn't looking for him to judge him. He was looking for them so he could slay a lamb. &gt;&gt; He knew what the penalty was. Penalty was death. And he's trying to find them so that they don't have to come under that penalty. He said, "Adam, where are you? &gt;&gt; Adam, where are you?" He's not looking to judge them. He's not looking to slay them. He's got a lamb for them. And he wants to slay that lamb and he wants to wrap them in that bloody skin so that they can live. And yes, it's only a substitute. I understand that. But he's not calling out to you today. And he's not speaking to you to judge you. He says, "I got a lamb for you today. It's an eternal lamb. It's not a substitute. It's the lamb of God. And he's here to wipe away your sins. He's here to forgive you. He's here to heal you. He's here to save you. And he's crying out your name. Don't run from it today. But run to him with all your heart. &gt;&gt; He's calling out to you to save you today. &gt;&gt; He's got a lamb for you today. &gt;&gt; But they hide from his presence. fellowship's been broken. The very thing that they had longed for, now they run from. And as I said, Satan's plan seems to have worked. Man has fallen. Satan's plan being implemented. Sin nature's now going to reign. I can see Satan celebrating there in the garden, laughing, already planning his next move, reveling in what he perceives as a victory. That's okay. You know what? Maybe in carnal speak. Maybe he had a right to feel victorious in that moment. In the most perfect world, in the most perfect Eden, in a place created by God himself with God's children, I made them fall. They couldn't even stand in perfection. I can hear God say, "That's okay. you go ahead and have your laugh because I got a bride that in the most evil day, in the worst day, when you make it as bad as you can make it, and you do all that you can do, I got a bride that will not fall. I got a bride that's predestined to stand. I got a bride that's going to overcome you. When you think you've got it all wrapped up, when you think you've got it so evil, when you think the atmospheres are so clogged, there's no way a bride can come out of that. But in that Eden, in that day, at the end of the Leodysian age, there's going to be a people who stand and take a rapture because they would not fall. They would not bend. They would not bow. They would not look away from the word. But they say, "I'm going to stay with this because it is the final say. It is my everything. It is my all in all." &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Fellowship broken in the garden. No more fellowship, only death. And right there we learn something very important. No matter how bad it looks or how successful the devil may seem to be, he will never have the final say. Look at this. He says, "What's the matter? Something's happened. They can cry now. They're mortal now. They're dying now." My, it seemed like such a great victory for Satan. He says, "There you are. I can see God say, "Depart out of my presence." Ah, this is exactly what Satan wanted. Oh, this is going to perfect according to plan. He says, "I can see Adam start walking away." And as he did, I can hear something going. What is it? It's those old bloody sheep skins flopping against his leg as he's going out. Oh, I can see God who covers space and time. who is no beginning or ending. I can see it all bottled down like a funnel coming down like this for one four-lettered word L O V E. He couldn't see his children depart from him. Now why? He had made the covenant conditional with Adam, but now he makes it unconditional. He said, "I will put enmity between the woman's seed." And he said, "And would bruise the serpent's head and so forth, promising a savior." Oh, what's the big deal with that? The ah. Because now it's no longer up to man. Now it's no longer about your goodness. Now it's no longer about your failures and your lukewarmness and your ups and your downs and your ins and you're out. He said, "But I will come down. I will put enmity. I will bruise. I will restore. I will conquer." Oh, hallelujah. I'm so thankful it ain't about me and my goodness. Because if I got what I deserved, I would go straight to hell. But he said, "I'm going to come down." Hallelujah. The spotless lamb, the accepted sacrifice. I'm not good enough today, brother. I know you're not. Neither am I. But we've got a sacrifice. We've got a lamb. It's a perfect lamb and a perfect blood today. Hallelujah. I'm so thankful. He said, "I'm going to deal with it. I'll make the way." And because he said it, it's as good as done. It's a finished work. And right there, an innocent lamb is slain. Not only fulfilling the requirement for blood, but it's symbolizing what's to come. And in what seemed like Satan's greatest victory, God is foreshadowing his greatest defeat. Satan don't even know what he's watching. He's sitting here seeing it, not realizing it's being foreshadowed. This is going to crush your head. He had caused the fall, but there was one thing he couldn't understand. One thing he couldn't account for. L O V E. Think about that. He, oh, he's going to kill them now. It's over. It's finished. What's he doing? Why he destroying them? L O V E. And when you fall away, Satan goes, I got him now. And then God begins to draw you back. Says, what's he doing? He walked away from you, God. What are you doing? Satan can't understand. L O V E. Why does he call you back every time you fail? Why do you come into his presence and feel drawn by him over and over and over again? L O V E. He loves you today. Oh, but I'm a failure. He loves you today. I I I've I failed him so many times and he still loves you today. Surely not me. Listen, he knew every time you fall. He knew every time you fail. He knew when you'd backslide. He knew when you'd run. He knew when you'd sin. He knew everything you'd do. And he looked at you and said, "Yep, I choose you. You're the one I love. You're the one that's part of me. And I'm coming to save you and set you free. You may fail me. You may disappoint me. You may hurt me. But I love you and I choose you and I'm going to shed my blood for you. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you for that love. &gt;&gt; And he couldn't stand to see his children go. That's what he feels for you today. L O V E. And because of that, Satan will never have the final say in your life. &gt;&gt; He will never have the final say. I tell you what, people can say what they want about my kids. They can judge my kids. They can think what should happen to my kids. And they have no say in how I decide to treat my kids. &gt;&gt; They're my children. So, Satan can howl, he can bluff, he can yell, he can point, he can say what he wants, and he gets zero say in what happens to you. You're not a child of the devil. You've never been a child of the devil. You never did belong to the devil. You've always been a child of God. You've always been a child of God. Oh, I was lost. I know. How could you be lost? And yes, unless you belonged to him in the beginning. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Brother Tim likes to tell a little story about a boy in a sailboat. He may have told it here. I don't know. He says, "Little boy made a sailboat. He spent so much time on it. He carved it. And he spent hours and days, even weeks, making it so exactly how he wanted. And he got so much joy out of that sailboat, watching it sail up and down the shore. But one day a a wind came, an unexpected wind, and blew the little boat off course. Happens in life from time to time, doesn't it? Unexpected things blow us off course. He was so sad, but he wouldn't give up. And he looked every day. He'd go down to the beach and he'd walk up and down looking for a sailboat. I put so much into it. I invested so much. It's my sailboat. I love it. And then one day he was walking back from the beach and he's walking down through town. He looked in the window of a pawn shop and there was his little sailboat. They were asking way too much for that sailboat. There was an exorbitant price placed on it, but he said, "It don't matter. That's my sailboat." And I'm going to get it back. And he runs home and he and he he he takes all the savings he has, everything he little has in his piggy bank. And he takes it back and he pays the price for the sailboat. And he walks out and as he's walking down the street, he's clutching it to himself. And he's overheard to say, "Say, little sailboat, you're mine. You're mine twice because you were mine when I made you and now you're mine when I bought you. Hallelujah. Satan may have had you in the pawn shop. He may have brought you down in a pawn shop of sin and covered you up with sin and smut and scars and things of this life. But God says you are mine and you were mine twice. You were mine when I made you. And you were mine when I bought you. And you are mine eternally. I paid the price. I didn't care how high the price was. I shed my blood for you. Oh, that's the devil come says you're worthless. You're a nobody. You are worth so much that the greatest price ever paid in the history of man was paid for your life. He loves you today. Oh, I'm still lost. He's still seeking. &gt;&gt; The wind still got me. It's okay. He's paid the price for you today. He has the final say in your life. He says, "I will restore. I will bring you back home. I will come down. Satan is not going to get away with this. And when God says something, it's an absolute. He says an absolute. It's used many times. It's the last word. It's the amen. You hear people say absolutely. That's it. That's the last thing. It's unlimited. There's nothing else in its way. It's the supreme. It's an ultimate. And an ultimate is primarily an ultimate because you've reached the end. It's the amen. That's all. That's what he is. The amen. See, he's got the last word to say. Aren't you glad today that you have a God that you can trust? &gt;&gt; The same yesterday, today, and forever. Aren't you glad it's not up to fickle men? Men who can put you in, men who can put you out, men who can change their mind about you. But whatever God thought about you before the foundation of the world, he can never change that thought about you. If you were his then nothing happens in between there and here. I'm sure I've told this story. I tell it a lot of places, but my daughter loves to read the back of the book. I saw her just do it the other day. She bought a new book and the first thing she did, she sat down and she read the last chapter. And I said, "That annoys me so bad." I said, "That annoys me so why would you do that?" She goes, "Well, once I know how it ends, nothing else in here matters. It's just drama, Dad. It's just drama. I'm settled." I said, "Oh, Jesus, you know how it ends. &gt;&gt; You know how it ends. No, sir. &gt;&gt; This is all just drama. I know how it turns out. It's okay. We win. The the the bridegroom gets his bride. We go to an eternal heaven. The devil does not win. He can spew and he can blow and he can do what he does, but it's already written by the thus sayeth the Lord." The amen, the absolute. I tell you what, let me put it in a little bit more carnal way. When I was out in the world, I used to watch what they call in the US wrestling. I don't know if they show that nonsense up here, the fake stuff, right? It's all scripted. These big bulking athletes walk up there and they they fight each other and they hit each other and all this. But they knew before they walked out how the match was going to end. It's all in the contract. They write a contract. and he comes out there and your hero gets hit with a chair. They throw him out the ring. They smash stuff over him and none of it matters. You may be getting hit with chairs today. The devil may be throwing haymakers that are landing and knocking you down and knocking you down and it seems worse than ever, but there's already a contract written. The match is already sealed. You're the winner. You're the overcome. You're going to be crowned the champion at the end of this thing. It doesn't matter what it looks like in round one, round two, round three, round four, round five, round six. We've reached the seventh round. It's the championship rounds. And now you're going to come out victorious cuz it's written in the contract today. You're going to overcome. You're going to win. You're going to possess it all. &gt;&gt; You think he's worried about you winning? He said, "I go to prepare a place for &gt;&gt; I go to prepare a place for you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you you you, all of you. He's not worried about you coming. He's so sure that he's gone and prepared the place. He's hung the gates. The angels are standing breathlessly awaiting your arrival. He knows you're coming. And it's time you know you're coming. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Not only does he have the final say, he is the final say. He is the amen. I put my trust right there. He's the beginning and the end. He knows me. He knows my needs. I don't have to operate today on whatifs and maybe so and worries and fears. I'm resting that God has the final say. Lord, I just want to rest in you today. And one thing we have to do is we have to learn to we have to learn to let the word work. Give it opportunity. No, God's not a god of time, but we are beings of time and we live in time. So, I'll say it like this. Give the word a space of time to operate. So many times we back off because it's taken too long. Taking too long for who? These promises are eternal. We don't back off because nothing changed today, nothing changed this week, nothing changed this year. But if the promise was given, stand on it. Anchor on it. Brother Brandon would use the analogy of the 25 cents for a loaf of bread. We're going to have to adjust that story due to horrible inflation. But he would talk about the 25 cents for a loaf of bread. And the thought is if you have the purchase price for the bread already in your hands, then you can be rejoicing in knowing that you're going to get it. And he says, "You may go through a lot on the way to get it. You may have trials and heartaches and all kinds of trouble. But if you have faith that the price is paid," look how he puts it. He says, "Now going to get this loaf of bread, I might have to go over brier patches, down over bridges, cross streams, up the hill, but all the time I'm going." Oh, hallelujah. All the time we're progressing. I'll be shouting with all my heart, holding up my 25 cents. What is it? That's the promise. I'm holding up the promise. I'm holding up the word because I'm on my road for the bread. And if Christ reveals to me tonight that I'm healed, I can rejoice just as much as I could jump up and down on the floor. No matter whether I'm still crippled, whether I'm still sick, my head still hurts. What about it? I'm just as happy cuz I'm on my way with the purchase power. He has the final say. So once it's spoken, it's settled. By my stripes, you're healed. It's settled. I'm walking in that. I'm rejoicing in that. I will stand against the enemy on that right there and rejoice because I've got the purchase power. &gt;&gt; Jesus is on the way. Don't back off. Anchor down. Negative report, anchor down. Satan's closing in. Anchor down. The world all around us is falling apart. Anchor down. We can't let a negative report cause you to back off and think about it. Well, what if I want to use an example from the scriptures? It's the healing of Gyrus's daughter. Says, "And when Jesus was passed over again by ship unto the other side, much people gathered unto him, and he was nigh unto the sea. And behold, there cometh one of the rulers of the synagogue, Gyrus, by name. And when he saw him, he fell at his feet. And he besought him greatly, saying, My little daughter lith at the point of death. I pray thee, come and lay thy hands on her, that she may be healed, and she shall live." And Jesus went with him, and much people followed him, and thronged him. I'm going to skip down to verse 31. In between here in verse 31, we know the woman with the blood issue pushes through the crowd, and she comes up and she touches him. And I've always loved that story. And I'm not going to stay there long, but just to mention, if you read this, you recognize this is Gyrus's story. This isn't even that woman's story. It's not even her service. This is Gyrus's service. &gt;&gt; And the Lord is walking with Gyrus, and he's going to Gyrus's house. He's coming to Gyrus's need. He's coming to deal right here. But the little sister said, "I'm not going to let him pass me by." &gt;&gt; So many times we sit there and we see this brother being blessed and oh my, he's being blessed. Hey, that's great. I rejoice in their blessing, too. But in that moment, reach out and touch the Lord. &gt;&gt; Reach out for your situation. &gt;&gt; Sometimes he makes as if he's going to go a little further. What was it on the road to Emmas? It said he made as if he would go on, &gt;&gt; but they compelled him, "Come in." They said, "Lord, come to my pew right now. I know you're dealing over here, but will you come to my pew for a moment? I know you're going to Gyrus's house, but I got an issue today. I got an issue that needs dealt with and compel him to come to your need. Our God's a big God. He can handle more than one thing at once. So, he's on the way to Gyrus's house and the woman comes behind him and it says here says, you know, she had touched him and he said, "Who touched me?" And his disciples said unto him, "Thou seeestest the multitude thronging thee, and sayest thou, who touch me?" And he looked around about to see to see her that had done this thing. But the woman, fearing and trembling, knowing what was done in her, came and fell down before him, told him all the truth, and he said unto her, "Daughter, thy faith made thee whole. Go in peace, and be whole of thy plague." I want you to notice something. God works everything out. Jesus didn't walk past her on accident. He didn't go down that specific street on accident. He knew what was going to happen and it served a dual purpose. Yes, she received her healing. Yes, what a testimony of faith we can all get out of it, but it served a purpose because he knew what was about to happen to Gyrus. And what this just did was allow Gyrus to see a miracle for himself and witness a miracle for himself. Because as soon as he says this, go in peace. You're healed. The miracle is yours. Behold of thy plague. And while he yet spake, there came from the ruler of the synagogue's house certain men which said, "Thou daughter is dead." In the midst of this miracle, in the midst of this, they're on their way, and they say, "Your daughter's dead. Why troublest thou the master any further?" Just let it go. Quit claiming that healing. Why? Why are you still troubling the master? That situation's over. Your daughter's dead. It's too late for you. He healed others, but we're just too late. This is This woman's miracle is the only one that's going to happen today. You tried, but your opportunities passed you by. You failed too many times. You've crossed the line. I want you to notice before Gyrus even has an opportunity to speak and respond, the Lord's not going to let his faith waver. says, "As soon as Jesus heard the word that was spoken, he says unto the ruler of the synagogue, be not afraid. Only believe." &gt;&gt; Because you can imagine what that report was like. &gt;&gt; You can imagine, some of you know, you've sat in doctor's offices and you've received those reports. You've received what would be a death sentence. You've received things that would be a struggle. And I pray the next time you face that, you can hear the voice of God whisper, "Be not afraid. Only believe. &gt;&gt; Only believe. &gt;&gt; Says, "And he suffered no man to follow him, save Peter and James, and John the brother of James. And he cometh to the house of the ruler of the synagogue. He seeth the tomo and them that wept and welled greatly." Notice those people had already given in to the testimony of negativity. But he's telling this man, "Don't you cave to this. You stand strong. You saw what just happened to the woman back there. You saw what I just did back there. And when he was come in, he saith unto him, Why make you this a do and weep? The damsel is not dead, but sleepeth. And they laughed him to scorn. But when he had put them all out, I like that it says it so gently so calmly. But I feel like in that moment Jesus handled business. He put them out. And we put them all out. He taketh the father and the mother of the damsel, and them that were with him, and enterth in where the damsel was lying. And he took the damsel by the hand. And he said unto her, Talithkuma, which is being interpreted, damsel, I say unto thee, arise. And straightway the damsel arose and walked, for she was at the age of 12 years old. And they were astonished with great astonishment. You don't have to back off your promise. I don't care what report came today or yesterday. He does not have the final say. But Jesus is on the way to your house today. Jesus is on the way to your situation. And as he's coming, there's reasons to back off. There's reasons to doubt. There's reasons to say, "I'm not going to trouble you anymore." But listen, no matter what those reasons are and what those voices say, they are not the final say, but the final say is walking down that path today. The final say is going to put out the doubters. He's going to push out the fear, push back the anxiety, and he's going to come and speak. And he's going to say, "Arise out of that depression. Arise out of that anxiety. Arise out of that sickness. Rise up out of your lukewarmness. Rise up out of your failures and live today because I have spoken life into your situation. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Don't back off now. Don't quit now. The amen is moving on your behalf. &gt;&gt; When Jesus is moving, don't turn him around. Don't stop him. Let him speak. He gave the promise and he will back it up. Amen. We got to let the word work. Let it do what it said it'll do. I don't care what the devil says or what the unbeliever says. The word said he heals. The word said he saves. The word said he delivers. The word said these signs shall follow them that believe. In my name they shall cast out devils. The word said they shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. And people can have their opinions. That's fine. People can deny these things. That's fine. They can speak what they want to speak. But the word said we would have it. And that's the final say on the matter. That's the final say on the matter. Brother Brown tells us Jesus plainly stated what a Christian was. See, these signs shall follow them that believe. See what they would do, what the believing church would do. And him being God and infinite. He said, "Heavens and earth will pass away, but my word will never fail." So it must ever remain that way he said it. I believe it. &gt;&gt; He says upon such a word as that I wonder this afternoon our listeners how we can be so petty then so dilatory about reaching out taking a hold of the promises of God when he gave this blessed promise to his church. I'll be with you even in you to the end of the age. And then we sit along as if God never said it. Whatever you bind on earth, I'll bind in heaven. What you loose on earth, I'll loose in heaven. Whether it's sickness, whether it's diseases, whether it's whatever it is, God gave this blessed promise. And it's our privilege. It's our privilege to pick up this promise and use it. It's time that we raise up to the challenge today. Challenge of the enemy. Cast down every high thing and take advantage of our privilege. This isn't a burden. This isn't, "Well, I guess I got to believe this." No. What a privilege we have in this day as a sons and daughters to God of God to know he's a living God. He's a healing God. He's a saving God. His blood still works today. His stripes still work today. Hallelujah. It still reaches to the highest mountain. It still reaches to the lowest valley. It'll reach you wherever you're at today. What a privilege we have today. &gt;&gt; His word, the final say. Of course, Satan's going to contradict the word. We begin to turn this now. Of course, Satan's going to have his say. Of course, he's going to try to bring fear, try to bring doubt, he's going to question everything you believe. And as long as you fear his boast, he's going to keep you from your possession. And we sure can't go around agreeing with him. Come on, let's deal with that for a minute. You're no good. You're right. I'm no good. You're a failure. Oh, God. I'm such a failure. Who Who are we speaking for? You can't overcome. I just can't overcome. And we just echo what the devil says. Quit doing his work for him. &gt;&gt; Quit digging up your own past. Quit loading his gun and wonder why he's shooting you. It reminds me in history there was this famous naval battle in the great northern war between Denmark, Norway and the Swedish Empire. And and there was a very famous admiral. His name was Peter Johnson Wessel. Very famous Norwegian admiral who was dueling with this Swedish warship. And they fought for 14 hours just firing back and forth and destroying each other's ship, but they were still managing to stay afloat. And eventually, Admiral Wessel runs out of ammunition and he goes to his quarters and he writes this very nice letter. Not a letter of surrender, mind you, but a letter commending the other admiral on a job well done. What a fine duel we've had this day. And such is that nonsense. And he says, "I'm requesting that you will loan me some ammunition so that we may continue this duel." They said no. Quit giving the devil ammunition. &gt;&gt; Quit telling him about your failures and telling him you're a failure and telling him this and telling him that. It's time instead of giving him ammunition, we just keep firing at him. We just keep firing. I'm the Lord thy God that health thee. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. By his stripes, I'm healed. The promise is unto me, and to my children. To many as there are far off. To him that overcomemeth will I grant. Just keep launching rockets. Keep firing lot rockets. And eventually he's going to say, "Give me something so I can fight back." And our answer is going to be just like the Swedes. No, we fought to win. We don't fight for the sake of fighting. So many people enjoy the fight. I don't enjoy the fight. I enjoy the victory. I want to run the devil off my promises today. I want to push him back. Quit wallering in your defeat. &gt;&gt; Quit wallering in your defeats. Don't give the devil ammunition. Just take him back to the word like Jesus did. It is written. It is written. And this word will defeat Satan anywhere, anytime, under any circumstances. Because the enemy will rob you. He will rob your family. He will rob your church. He'll take your peace and your joy and your health if you allow his word to be the final say in your life. Israel kept allowing Goliath to have the final say. But one day, David heard it. I love how Brother Brown describes it. He says, "One day there was a new set of ears in the camp. Maybe you can hear today with a new set of ears. Lord, give me ears to hear. Not what the devil's saying, not what the world's saying. Lord, what are you saying to me today? I want to hear today with a new set of ears." David said, "I I got something to say to this fella." Listen, it's okay to answer the challenge. It's okay to speak back to the devil as long as you do it like Jesus did with the word, not with reasoning. It's okay to tell him it is written. It is written. It is written. Don't just accept what the enemy tells you is truth. Take him back to the word. So David takes him back to the word. So then the Philistines said, "I defy the armies of Israel this day. Give me a man that we may fight together." When when Saul and all the Israel heard these words of the Philistine, they were dismayed and greatly afraid. Why were they so afraid? They have a promise. The word had told him, "I'll be your shield. I I'll be your exceeding great reward. It told them to conquer the land. Told them to drive out the enemy. They had a promise, but they let Goliath's voice be the final say. They believed they couldn't be healed. They believe they couldn't have the Holy Ghost. They became stagnant. They were no longer Mark 16 in action. And he tries to bluff David the same way as he did the others. Says, "Then said David to the Philistine, thou comest to me with a sword, with a spear, with a shield, but I come to thee in the name of the Lord of Hosts. Can we come against him that way today? You're not coming in my name or because of this church or because anything else. We're coming in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. He says, "The God of the armies of Israel, who thou hast defied. This day will the Lord deliver thee into my hand, and I will smite thee and take thy head from thee, and I will give the carcasses of the host of the Philistines this day unto the fowls of the air, and to the wild beasts of the earth, and that all that the earth may know that there is a God in Israel. and all this assembly shall know that the Lord saveth not with the sword and spear for the battle is the Lord's and he will give it into our hands. I like to think that Goliath was actually quite shocked. I doubt anybody had said these things to him before. I doubt anybody had stared him in the face and said, "This is how it's going to be." That's time you shock that devil that's tormenting you. He bluffs and he bluffs and he runs your house and he stir things up and we take it and we hide in the tent. Do you know how shocked the devil would be today if you walked into that valley and you said, "No more, but on this day, my family's going to see there's a God in Israel. On this day, I'm going to face the giant that's been running me around and cowing me down. You know what good it would do your children, what good it would do your spouse to see you square your shoulders back and look the enemy in the face and say, "This is the day I take your head off. This is the day the torment ends. This is the day the lukewarm ends. This is the day that it all comes in peace and order and harmony according to the word of God. &gt;&gt; David says, "You think you have the final say? You think you can scare me into submission, Satan? You think we're going to sit down and go quietly into the night, but this fight belongs to the Lord. The Lord will have the final say." I want you to compare what the devil says about it to the actual outcome. Which testimony lines up more to the outcome? Think about it. He comes and he says, "I come in the name of the Lord." And he says all this stuff that's going to happen. And guess what? It happens because it's the final say. And not only does it bring victory to David, but it brings victory to the whole assembly. You don't realize the courage you give other people when you stand and fight. The courage you give other people when you testify in the face of sickness. When you go into the valley and you proclaim, "He's my healer." Even though you're struggling, I'm delivered. Even though you're hurting, you give courage to those around you to charge into the valley and to conquer the devil and to swing the sword for themselves. It wasn't just a little victory. They chased Philistines and slaughtered them until the daylight ran out. It was a major victory cuz one person said, "This devil will not have the final say over my life." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He wants to strip you of your rights and your power and get you down where you feel like your faith isn't strong. You feel like you aren't a good Christian. You feel like you're not going to make it. Quit listening to what he says he's going to do to you. Those may be his true plans for you. I'm not saying he's lying. That's what he's planning to do. I'm saying he don't get the final say. He may be telling you that he's going to take you to a premature grave, that your family won't be saved, that things are always going to be this way. Here's what the devil does. The devil likes for you to think of the future and think of the future with today's circumstances. He likes to think of you in this condition, make you to think of yourself in this condition a year from now. And we say things like, "Well, if things don't get better, I don't think we're going to be able to. Well, if my son don't come back, well, if things don't turn around in our home." And so, what he's got you doing is picking up your condition and moving it into the future and already preparing for a future with that condition. It's the exact opposite of what the prophet of God said, "Do." He said, "Place a well body in front of you and begin walking towards that." What's that mean? You can take that same quote and take it where he says, "Plant your potatoes." It's the same thing with it. Plan for a positive future next year when all is well. We're going to do this. Oh, and when the son comes back, because he's coming back, here's how things are going to be in the home and things are restoring and things are coming back together. What do you speak? Are you speaking lies? No, it can't be a lie if you're speaking the word. You're speaking what the word says. Your testif people are like, I'm so afraid to say that. I'm just saying what the word said. It's not my responsibility to back it up. He says, "My people will never be ashamed." That means he's going to back up his word. He's not obligated to back up your word. He's obligated to back up his word. So what we do is we speak his word and we take his word and we place it in the future. And we say in the future I'm healed. Tomorrow I'm delivered. And we don't got to wait. It can happen right here in this moment. I'm just saying don't look to a future of defeat. But we are a people with no victory ahead of us of eternity ahead of us. We have no expiration date. That sickness has an expiration date. That tormentor has an expiration date. Cancer has an expiration date. Goliath had an expiration date. He woke up and he ate breakfast. Last time he put on his armor for the last time. And I say one day that tormentor is coming to torment you. Last time you're going to have aches and pains last time. You're going to be depressed. Last time. Because when those things end, we're going to be shouting eternally on the streets of glory, victorious conquerors. And I'm not going to wait till then to conquer, but I'm going to speak the word today. And I'm going to go forth in victory today because his word is the final say. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. &gt;&gt; He says, "Refuse to see anything that's contrary to his word. It's not so." Like Jonah, they're lying vanities. I won't even see them. I won't recognize them. No, sir. I see what God said. Don't see the Amorites. Don't see the graveyard. Don't see these things. See the promise of God. God promises. It's up to God to take care of it. Sure, he's got plans for your life. But the one who actually holds my tomorrow already spoke about my plans in Jeremiah 29. He says, "For I know the thoughts that I think, eternal thoughts, unchanging thoughts, &gt;&gt; thoughts that matter." He says, "Thoughts of peace, not of evil, to give you an expected end." In other words, I already know how it ends. I've already prepared for the way this is going to finish up. Oh, the devil's got something to say, but he's not the amen. The word of God is the amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. He said he's the God of the amen. He never changes. What he does never changes. He says it and it stands fast. He does it, it's done forever. None can take from what he says or add to it. So let it be. Amen. So let it be. Aren't you glad you serve that kind of God? You can know exactly where you are with him at any time and all the time. He is the amen and God and he won't change. I love how it speaks of him thinking of us there in Jeremiah because the thoughts that he has of us knowing we were in the mind of God and knowing that he loved us and he made plans for us before we ever came to this earth. It just overjoys me. I rejoice in that knowing that before the world ever started, God saw you. He saw your doubt this morning. He saw your fears. He saw your stumbles last week and he said, "Man, I love him. &gt;&gt; I love her." &gt;&gt; Well, I'm not worthy. But we have to understand it like this. He knew that. That's why he died. That's why the sacrifice. So, let's quit bringing that up as an excuse. Let's bury that. No, none of us are worthy. He said, "I give you this freely." He didn't call us because we were worthy. He called us that we might be made worthy by his blood. Nothing Satan says can change that. I think about that sometimes. I think how frustrating. How frustrating it must be to the devil. To think that he has a say over a life to come and bring sin and to scar that life and to mar that life to bury it under so much sin and shame. He'll pour decades into a life and then in one moment God says, "No, that one's mine." &gt;&gt; One moment. Satan pours decades and decades and decades. And God says, "One moment, that one's mine. I claim that one." He'll pour decades of torment, of depression. He'll pour decades of clouds of pain and and sickness. And in one moment, God says, "It's finished." In one moment, he says, "It's all over. I've spoken for this one." and what I speak is final. Maybe you can look today. Maybe you can look at a time where Satan had a lot to say in your life. Maybe you were bound. Maybe you could see no way out. Maybe you're in a spot like that today. Bound by what the devil had to say and scarred by things that he said in your life. Wounded by things that you had no control over. Hurt by others. I want to tell you right now, those things do not define you. Those things are not the final say. The plan Satan has for you will not stand. You will not be destroyed. You will not go down in defeat. But you're going to rise on eagle's wings today. I believe that with my whole heart. Satan had a lot to say in the life of the woman at the well. He did all he could do to her. He scarred her. She had a past that everybody knew, a shameful past. Her life was mangled. But one moment in his presence in that shameful past became her testimony because he held the final say. Let him speak into your life today. Let his word begin to speak over your life. Let him pour into your life. Oh, he had a lot to say in my life. I spent many years running. I spent many I don't testify of those things. I don't give glory to the devil, but I spent many years running from God. Many years in a life of sin. But I want to say to you today, come see a man who loved me when I was unlovable. Come see a man that loosed me. Come see a man that knew all I had done wrong. And despite all that, he said, I'll pay the price for Aaron Oglesby. I'll pay the price for him. Let him have a say today. The devil says you're worthless. God says you've been bought with a price. Devil says lost, God says redeemed. The devil says sick, God says healed. Devil says depression, God says joy. Devil says bound, God says you're free today. And when he speaks, nothing else matters. It doesn't matter how long you've been in that condition. And we're closing right now. It doesn't matter how long you've been in the condition you find yourself in today. Doesn't matter how long you've carried that bitterness, how long you've carried that unforgiveness. Doesn't matter how deep the scars is. When Jesus showed up to Mary and Martha's home, he said, "Where have you laid him?" So, I ask you a question today. Where have you laid your victory? Where have you laid your joy? Where have you laid your peace? Where have you laid those things that you thought was dead forever? People scarred you and hurt you, did you wrong, and those scars become complexes, and those complexes become grave clothes. But there's one that came in the building today and said, "I have the final say over this situation. Where have you laid it?" And notice when he calls Lazarus forth, he doesn't call him out and then leave him bound. He calls him out and he says, lose him. Death did not have the final say. &gt;&gt; Your situation doesn't have the final say, &gt;&gt; but we serve the final say today, church. The amen of God. The one who speaks and it can't be taken back. The one who has thoughts and they're absolutely perfect. The one who thought of you before the foundation of the world. He's the author and the finisher. He is the amen. Let him speak into your life today. Will you bow your heads with me? just for a moment, Father. Oh, we want you to speak into our lives. We want you, Lord Jesus, to come and take complete control. Lord, we've had lots of voices speak over us, lots of wounds, lots of hurts. But in this moment, in the next few moments, Lord, I ask you to speak directly to the hearts of your children. Let them hear the final say on the matter. Lord, may a true revelation from you speak into their hearts because Lord, I can say things into their ears. But Lord, may they recognize today that you hold their every moment. You hold their health. You hold their victory. You hold their joy. You hold their peace. You hold their children. Lord, you hold it all in your hand. And you can be trusted. Lord, let our trust find a place in you in Jesus name. Amen. You stand to your feet with me today. We got to quit thinking ourselves as worth as worthless church. He paid a price for you. He climbed up Calvary for you. And as he hung there on the cross of Calvary, he spoke the final words that would ever be recorded to the Jewish dispensation. The final words before the veil broke. The final words before you were set free. And he spoke the final say. And it was it is finished. That's where our faith lays today. It's finished. But brother, it's finished. But you don't understand. It's finished. And we're going to walk in that finished work. And we're going to look away from what the devil said. It's finished. Because in that moment, the devil's back was brought broken and joy was brought for you. And peace was brought for you and healing was brought for you. You know, I know I focus on all those things, but but let me bring it down to what really even matters more than that. an overcoming life was purchased for you. &gt;&gt; That's the that you know all these other things I don't consider them not important but at the end of the day what do I want? I want him to work everything out for our good which means we're going to get there. &gt;&gt; It's already finished. It's already finished. Let him have the final say in your life. You're wonderful people. Wonderful Christian people. I I love you so much. But we're people and people have battles. People have wars. People have scars. People go through things that it's hard to go through alone. So as our brother John would lead us in worship tonight and we just begin to praise him and allow him to speak into our lives. If you have any situation, anything that you'd like prayer for, not not that you need to come to me, but many times I find that it helps people to have somebody unite their faith together with them. If you'd like to come and have prayer for any situation, I'm here for that. We're here to call on him and say, "Lord, it's your word that matters. It's your stripes that matter. It's you that matters, not what the devil's saying, not what the symptom saying." Because listen, God created you. He had the first say over your life. And he gets the final say over your life. And everything in between doesn't matter. He has the final say. If you need a touch from the Lord today or there's just something you want to lay down while we worship, I'll be right here if you'd like to pray together. Let him speak. Let him have the final say. As we leave from here, no matter what, let's drown out the voices of the enemy. And let's tune ourselves back in to a voice that called you by name. &gt;&gt; Why are you here? He called you by name. He has a say in your life. God bless you, saints. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. It's already done. The battle is over. The victory is won. It's already done. And I'm already here. heal. Oh, I'm already healed. The battle is over. The victory is won and I'm already healed and it's already done. Oh, it's already done. The battle is over. The victory is won. It's already done. And I'm already healed. Oh, I'm already here. The battle is over. The victory is won. I'm already healed and it's already done. Oh, it's already done. The battle is over. Victory is won. It's already done. And I'm already healed. I'm already healed. The battle is over. The victory is won. I'm already healed. &gt;&gt; I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. &gt;&gt; I thank you for the healing that you brought. Lord, I just want to stand the enemy did not have the final say over. He came and tried to step it out and opportunity for the Holy Spirit to work as he raised him up in the testimony of the grace of almighty God. &gt;&gt; I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. Lord, we're stepping back in line according to the vision that your prophet had. Lord, those people once cast aside, but they just said get back in line and they stepped right back into Lord. That's what we're doing today. We're getting back in step. refocus in all that we have, all of our energy, everything to make sure. &gt;&gt; My troubled soul, &gt;&gt; why so weigh down? You were not made to bear this heavy load. Cast all your burdens upon the Lord. Jesus cares. He cares for you. And Jesus cares. He cares for you. and all your worrying won't help you make it through. &gt;&gt; So cast all your burdens upon the Lord. Trust again in the promise of his love. And I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. Praise the Lord, the lifter of my head. Praise the rock of my sal. &gt;&gt; My days are in his faithful hands and my anxious heart. Why so upset? When trials come, how you so easily forget to cast your burdens upon the Lord. Jesus cares. He cares for you. Jesus cares. cares. He cares for you. And all your worry won't help you make it through. So cast all your burdens upon the Lord. Trust again in the promise of his love. And I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. Praise the Lord, the lifter of my head. Praise the rock of my salvation. All my days are in his faithful hands. My anxious heart. Why so upset? When trials come, how you so easily forget to cast your burdens upon the Lord. Jesus cares. He cares for you. And Jesus cares. He cares for you. &gt;&gt; Make it through. So cast all your burdens upon the Lord. Trust again in the promise of his love. And I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. Praise the Lord the lift up my head. Oh, praise the rock of my salvation. All my days are in his faithful hands. And I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. Praise the Lord, the lifter of my head. Oh, praise the rock of my salvation. All my days are in his faithful hands. And I will praise the rock heating of Jesus. Praise the Lord, the lifter of my head. Praise the rock of my salvation. know my days are in his faithful hands. My redeemer is faithful and true. My redeemer is faithful and true. Everything he has said he will do. And every morning his mercies are new. My redeemer is faithful and true. And my redeemer is faithful and true. And everything he has said he will do. And every morning his mercies are new. My redeemer is faithful and true. And my redeemer is faithful and true. And everything he has said he will do. And every morning his mercies are new. My redeemer is faithful and true. You know, he spoke there where God talked to Adam and Eve and he says, "I will put enmity between your seed and Satan's seed." Do you know what it means to have emnity? It's incompatible. It can't blend. What works for him doesn't work for us. What he lives by, we can't live by. And so what you see in your life today as a believer is God showing what enmity looks like. &gt;&gt; That what Satan has tried to place in cannot stay in a child of God because he promised it's incompatible. &gt;&gt; Sickness is incompatible with the child of God. &gt;&gt; Bondage is incompatible with a child of God. Depression is incompatible with the child of God. And all he's asking you to do is take him at his word. That's it. He said, "I sent my word and healed you from your disease." Take him at his word. You know, Satan came down into God's Eden and he turned the heart of a woman. And what is God doing today? &gt;&gt; He's coming down into Satan's Eden and he's turning the heart of a woman back to God. &gt;&gt; That's what's happening in our midst. That's what the word is doing is it's turning our heart back to the father. &gt;&gt; It's preparing a bride for her bridegroom. And that's what happens when we come and we sit under the hearing of the word of an anointed preaching. And what is it doing? is turning our hearts back to the faith to take him at his word. That everything he said he would do, &gt;&gt; he will do. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, we're going to sing that song. I'm no longer a slave to fear. Because he holds so many things over us, Satan does. But when the word comes to set you free, I thought it was so beautiful. Satan can build a masterpiece for 40 years. And then God just comes down and he says, "Sorry, that's my masterpiece." And in the moment, in a twinkling of an eye, death turns to life. Bondage turns to freedom. &gt;&gt; Depression turns to joy. Mourning turns into thankfulness. And what looked to be a child of Satan produces the fruit of a child of God. Amen. That's what he's looking for. That's what he's searching for. That's why he sends his spirit is he's looking for that seed &gt;&gt; so quickly it can come to life and produce him all over again. Amen. Let's sing this together this morning. And you have covered me with a meloy. You surround me with a song of deliverance from mine enies. Till all my fears have gone and I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God and I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God and from my mother's womb. You have chosen me. Your love has called my name. And I've been born again into your family. Your blood flows through my veins and I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. And from my mother's womb, you have chosen me. Your love has called my name and I've been born again into your family. Your blood flows through my veins and I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God and I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. And you split the sea so I could walk right through it. My fears were drowned in perfect love. You rescued me so I can stand and say I am a child of God. You split the sea so I could walk right through it. &gt;&gt; My fears were drowned in perfect love. You rescued me so I can stand and say I am a child of God and I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God and I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. Do we know that song? When I think about the Lord. When I think about the Lord, how he saved me, how he raised me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost, &gt;&gt; how he hallelujah to the uttermost when I think about the Lord. How he picked me up and turn me around. How he set my feet on solid ground. Oh, it makes me want to shout. Oh, hallelu. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. Oh, it makes me want to shout. Hallelu. Thank you, Jesus, Lord. You're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. When I think about the Lord, how he saved me, how he raised me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost, how he healed me to the uttermost. When I think about the Lord, how he picked me up and turn me around, how he set my feet on solid ground. Oh, it makes me want to shout. Hallelu. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. It makes me want to shout. Hallelu. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. It makes me want to shout. Hallelu. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. It makes me want to shout. Hallelu. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. Amen. He's worthy of our praise. Amen. We're going to close with a song. And we're to sing Psalms 34. I sought the Lord. Amen. Brother Chad, are you okay to come and pray? You'll make a way. Amen. Yo, it's a miracle. He's sitting here this morning to have a major heart attack and no damage. We thank the Lord. &gt;&gt; We thank the Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; He's awesome in this place. &gt;&gt; Amen. And we just want to thank him this morning. We want to thank brother Aaron for coming our way. Sister Lydia for coming with them and keeping them in line as he said. Thank you for each one that's come here and supported it. Amen. It's wonderful when brethren and sisters can dwell in unity. Amen. To come together and just under the banner of the word, they can worship and praise their God and see him work in their midst. We're so thankful for this. Amen. Make sure you tell brother Aaron how much you appreciated his time and his energy and his commitment to coming to preach. Let him know what struck you and what God did for you this weekend. It'll encourage him as he goes back home and continues the battle and continues to minister wherever God would take him. Amen. We've got a fellowship right afterwards. We've got food prepared. Everyone's welcome to stay. There's plenty. Please stay if you can. If not, may the Lord be with you and we'll see you again uh when we have service on Wednesday, Lord willing. Amen. Let's sing this song and just worship and thank him before we close this morning. I sought the Lord and he answered me and deliver me from every fear. Those who look on him are radant. They'll never be ashamed. They'll never be ashamed. This poor man cried. And the Lord heard me and save me from my eneies. The son of God surrounds his saints. He will deliver them. He will deliver them. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. I sought the Lord and he answered me and deliver me from every fear. Those who look on him are radant. They'll never be ashamed. They'll never be ashamed. And this poor man cried. And the Lord heard me and save me from my eneies. The son of God surround his saints. He will deliver them. He will deliver them. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every dead night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. I sought the Lord and he answered me and deliver me from every fear. Lord heavenly father we thank you for this weekend Lord. This might sound strange Lord but I'm thankful for the heart attack. Lord, truly thankful you have such a way of doing things, Lord, that only you could do, Lord. &gt;&gt; And I thank you, Father, for sparing my life, Lord. And allow me, Lord, Father God, to get back to that place, Lord, my family, Lord, and and spend that time with you, God. With my breath, Lord, I shall praise you. Lord, I pray for brother Aaron, Lord, as he travels and and as we fellowship, Lord, I pray that you touch him, Lord, and touch his family, restore any thing that may have left his body, Lord, and just anoint him, Father God, to speak and touch people wherever he may go, Lord. You know, Lord, when a lot of hopes for him coming, Lord, and and when the heart attack happened, it looked like it wouldn't wasn't going to happen, Lord. And thank you for allowing me to be a part of this today, Lord. And I just pray, Father, for anybody that needs you, Lord, you touch them in a special way. Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. Down. Down. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I will never again. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh yeah, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. You are you know Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat. Heat. Hey, Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. N. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Okay. Heat. Heat. Heat. Happy birthday. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Thank you. Georgia. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat.
