################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-11 - 20260110 - The War For Atmospheres - Bro Aaron Oglesby - Aaron Oglesby.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-11
Title:    20260110 - The War For Atmospheres - Bro Aaron Oglesby
Speaker:  Aaron Oglesby
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 3h 18m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vfn5RLXhiWY
========================================

Description:
Scriptures & Quotes: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1aKHreGJ7nGyfBnAPT0s6bJQhqRNwB2Ll/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Hey. God still moves. Amen. Let's stand. God still moves in the heart of his people. God still moves. He does not sleep, nor does he slumber. God still moves. God still moves. God still moves. God still. Amen. of his people. God still moves. He does not sleep. Nor does he smile. God still moves. My God still moves. God still moves. Amen. God still grows in the heart of his people. God still moves. He does not sleep. Nor does he slumber. God still moves. God still moves. Amen. 12:46, you are here among us. Praise the Lord. Amen. Trust you're glad that he's here among us to minister to each and every one of us if we'll just let him tonight. Praise the Lord. You are here among us for we have gatherred in your name. We can feel your presence in this place. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. You are here among us. You are enthroned upon our praise. You are here here to heal and here to save. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. You are here in our midst. Oh yes. How we've waited for moments like this and waiting in this place. Hallelujah. Holy Spirit come do as you wish. We are changed as you move in our name. You are here. Hallelujah. Among us for we have gatherred your name. We can feel hallelujah in this place. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. You are here among us. You are enthroned of God of praise. You are here here to heal and here to say. Oh hallelujah. You are here in our waiting for moments like this. have your way in this place. Hallelujah. Holy Spirit come to you as you wait. We are changed as you move &gt;&gt; again. You are here. You are here in our Yes, Lord. Now we've waited for moments like this. Have your way in this place. Holy Spirit come to you. We are changed as you move in. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's uh sing. I think it's 657. We've been made more than conquerors. Praise the Lord. And as brother David to begin in prayer tonight to remember to pray for brother Aaron, of course, as he brings the word of the Lord. Remember also brother Dale, of course, and brother Nelson, Guy, and all the saints around the island tonight. and all her brother Doug and sister Beverly texted today and they're they're tuning in faithfully to the services and enjoyed last night for sure. So we we're glad of that. Um and also the request this morning for their sorry yesterday for sister Jamie's parents uh undergoing some testing and brother David's friend Junior Dove who got cancer. Also brother Chad we just continue to pray for him. got an updated report. Uh the doctors have classified uh his event as a major heart attack that he's experienced, but there is no damage to his heart for which we thank the Lord. Uh they are moving him out of critical care and he's really wanting to come to church tomorrow. So that's the Chad we know, right? So praise the Lord. By grace he'll be here tomorrow. Now he said he's open. He's He's not allowed to have visitors, but there's no point in going up there if he shows up here. Visit with him here. So, uh we're thankful for that. Amen. God can do anything. All we got to do is just yield to him and just watch what he can do. Praise the Lord. Let's sing it. He's made us conquerors. He's made Brother Chad a conqueror. Praise the Lord. We've been made more than coner, overcomers in this life. We've been made victorious. Amen. Through the blood of Jesus Christ. And we've been made more than coner. Amen. Overcomers in this life. We've been made victorious. Hallelujah. Through the blood of Jesus Christ. And we've been made more than coner overcomeers in this life. We've been made victorious. Amen. Through the blood of Jesus Christ. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. Blessed Lord, we're certainly honored, Lord, to come here once again to hear from you, Lord. Lord now only to hear from you Lord that we pray your grace but Lord to each one is gathered there Lord that you'll leave no one out Lord you bless tonight but we want to be we come here for a reason Lord not just to see each other Lord we come to to see you Lord to hear from you we all want to do a little better Lord in life Lord in the work that we do in the natural life Lord but how much more important is it to to do well in the spiritual life. But we want to be better Christians, Lord, to serve you better. We want to honor you, Lord, more, Lord, and serve you more. One of us that you are a blessing to us, Lord. We want to say, Lord, help us to be a blessing for you, Lord. So bless the pastor as he comes here tonight. Blessed Lord, brother Harris. Lord, we ask your anointing upon him, Lord, and your presence in his soul, in his heart, mighty God, that you would speak unto us tonight, Lord. Help him, Lord, to get outside, Lord, and you on the inside that you may speak to us here tonight, Lord. We ask your grace, Lord, to those who couldn't make it. We thank you for brother Shad Lord and brother Dale and all the others Lord that you have blessed Lord and sickness and whatever the matter Lord in her heart and soul Lord you've answered prayer Lord we thank you for heavenly father so Lord over all the prayer request that Bob is mentioning there Lord we ask your grace for each and everyone that you not leave one out bless the saints all across the highland Lord and around the world bless your people Israel Lord bless your bride all over nations Lord, and bless us here tonight, Lord. Bless us, mighty God, to to enthrone your your throne someday, Lord, and to rule with you in that great new Jerusalem, Lord. We look forward, Lord, to leaving this world, Lord, and going over there, Lord, where there's no sickness, no sorrow. So, Lord, help us, Lord, to get ready. Your prophecy the bride makes herself ready, but Lord, she makes herself ready by your word. So we just pray once again now Lord that the pastors and teachers Lord will go to your storehouse Lord that your prophet has left us Lord and search out your word Lord and that those nuggets Lord shine up Lord and that we may use them in our lives Lord mighty God we ask your grace now Lord for anything Lord we feel you Lord any these lives Lord we come short of forgive us Lord and help us Lord to do better Lord help us if our minds set on you Lord help us Lord our thoughts will always be of you Lord Lord help us Lord to be as you would have us to be and that's Lord a true Christian bless each one now Lord we we know Lord there's things lacking Lord in our lives that we need to improve Lord brother Hammer spoke to this morning Lord yesterday rather Lord so grace might God we take everything serious Lord your word we take nothing for granted Lord we know it's a serious matter Lord it's too late Lord the rapture takes place and we're left behind Too late to say it in, Lord. We should have tried it harder. So now is the time, Lord, to get ready. Now is the time, Lord, to get serious. Now is the time, Lord, to really serve you, Lord, with all of our hearts and all of our soul. So help us each one, Lord. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's sing an old but good one. 355 is higher ground. Let's sing that tonight. Praise the Lord. We're pressing on by the grace of God. The upward way. I'm pressing on the upward way. New heights I'm gaining every day. Still praying as I'm overbound. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on heaven's table. A higher faith that I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. My heart has no desire to stay. Yes, amen. Where doubts arise and fears though some may dwell when days about. Praise the Lord. My prayer, my aim is yes. Hallelujah. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on hand and stay ler than I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. I want to live hallelujah above the world. Though Satan's darts at me are home, for faith has caught the joyful sound. Amen. On higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on heaven's table land. A higher place. Amen. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; On higher ground, I want to scale the utmost high and catch a gleam. I'm glory blind, but still I'll pray till heaven I found. Lord, lead me on to higher. Yes. Amen. Lord, lift me up and let me stand my faith on heaven and save the land. A higher pain than I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand my faith on heaven's table. A higher faith that I have found. Hallelujah. On higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on heaven's table land a higher fame than I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. Amen. Praise the Lord. That should be all our desire, isn't it? to be lifted up higher and higher and the bride will press into that dimension with him one day. 1062 Lord, you make your mercies new every day. Isn't that the truth? I thought that I had crossed the line. Walked away from love one time. Too many. Amen. I I thought that of all the grace set aside for my mistakes. Praise the Lord. So many. Amen. On my knees I have found to my surprise. Hallelujah. That your mercy renews with the sunrise. Yes. Hallelujah. Lord, you make your mercies new every day. Praise the Lord. You changed my life in so many ways. You cradle me in your sweet grace. You fill me. Amen. Hallelujah. Yesterday, day today, forever more. There's one thing I know for sure. Hallelujah. Fresh as the morning do. &gt;&gt; Oh, thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Every morning. Oh, wasted times that I have known. A product away from home. Not knowing every day your grace was multipied with forgiveness waiting to proide. Yes. Hallelujah. Lord, you make conversations new every day. You change my life in so many ways. You cradle me in your sweet grace. You failed me yesterday, today, forever more. There's one thing I know for sure. Fresh as a morning do you make our mercies new every morning I I thought that I had cross the line walked away from love one Hallelujah. I thought I used up all the grace set aside for my mistakes. So many. Oh hallelujah. On my knees I come to rise. Let your mercy renews with the sun right. Amen. Hallelujah. Lord, you make your mercies new every day. You change my life in so many ways. You cradle me in your sweet grace. Praise the Lord. You fill me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yesterday forever more. There is one thing I know for sure. Hallelujah. Fresh as the morning do. You make a mercy new every course again. Make your mercies new every day. You change my life in so many ways. You cradle me in your sweet grace. You fill me. Amen. Yesterday, today, forever more. Hallelujah. There is one thing I know for sure. Fresh as a morning do. You make a mercy's day every morning. Bless the Lord. Amen. That song is wonderful. The words are so meaningful to each and every one of us. We're going to we got three specials tonight. So, we're going to start that in a moment. We're going to sing 8:25, which is his strength is perfect. So, let's uh sing that. Sister Becky's going to come first and then Sister Nikki is going to come and then after that the girls, right? the girls are going to come and sing with Sister Nikki. So, we'll do that one right after the other so that things move along uh fairly efficiently. So, let's sing that and uh Sister Becky, you can come then. His strength is perfect when our strength is gone. Amen. He'll carry us when we cannot carry on. Raised in his power, the weak become strong. Hallelujah. His strength is perfect. Amen. His strength is perfect. His strength is perfect. Yes. When our strength is gone, he'll carry us where we cannot carry on. Raise him his power. The weak become strong. Hallelujah. His strength is perfect. Amen. His strength is perfect. Amen. Before I drew a single breath, before the light had touched my skin, you formed me. before I knew you even cared. And every moment since, you've always been for me. It's still you that I want. It's still you that I want. Oh, it's still you that I want after everything. You're still my everything. Before I heard about the cross, you went to Calvary and beyond to know me. From when I played the prodal to when I stumbled home, your love came running. It's still you that I want. It's still you that I want. Oh, it's still you that I want. After everything, you're still my everything. It was you inside the desert when I had nothing to eat. And it was you back in the fire saying, "Child, you're safe with me." And it was you who tamed the lions till they drifted off to sleep. And it was you who held the waters. So I barely wet my feet. And it's your heart that draws me closer. It's your hand that's guiding me. And it's your shoulder that I cry on. How those shoulders carried me. And it's your ways that I'm still learning. It's your grace that I still need. And it's your word that I build my life on. It is the lamp onto my feet. And it's your stripe that brought my healing. It's your death by which I rise. And if your grave don't have a body, that means death ain't holding mine. And it's your song I'll sing forever. Unener by time. Let angels ask me in a thousand years who my heart desires. It's still you. It's still you that I hold. Oh, it's still you that I want after everything. You're still my everything. After everything. Still my everything. After everything. It's still you for me. After everything, you're still my everything. bright. Do you remember way back to your former where you was stood in position having dominion and all things under your feet. But you fell. You fell from that fellowship and you wonder where you went wrong. So you cry out. Yes, you do. You thirst for the latter rain and you'll fight for the power again. See the palmer came in your life and ate. Then the conqueror came in your life and ate. Then the caterpillar and locus. But God promised. Yes, he promised. And I will restore, say the Lord. I will restore the Lord. Jehovah promised a Holy Ghost promise. I will restore. Thus say the Lord. I will restore. Thus say the Lord. Power shall come from an eye after the Holy Ghost comes upon you. And you shall be witnesses unto me throughout the world. All my glory shall all men behold. Oh, I shall come unto you as a former rain and as a latter rain. To you shall I come and all men shall know that you have the evidence that my Jesus rose from the dead and in your own atmosphere in your atmosphere. God will visit you. He will visit you there. For you were meant to be mighty men of our love. And I will restore, say the Lord. I will restore, say the Lord. Jehovah promised a Holy Ghost promise. I will restore. Thus says the Lord, I will restore. Thus says the Lord, power shall come from an eye after the Holy Ghost comes upon you. And you shall be witnesses unto me throughout the world. All my glory shall all men behold. Oh, I shall come. Unto you as a farmer rain, as a latter rain, to you shall I come. And all men shall know that you have the evidence that my Jesus he rose from the dead and in your own atmosphere your atmosphere. God will visit you. He will visit you there. For you were meant to be mighty men of all. And I will restore, say the Lord. I will restore, say the Lord. Jehovah promise, a Holy Ghost promise. I will restore, thus say the Lord. I will restore, thus say the Lord. And I will restore, say the Lord. I will restore, says the Lord. They over promised a Holy Ghost promise. I will restore. Thus, say the Lord. I will restore. Thus, say the Lord. Jehovah promised. A holy ghost promise. Jehovah promised a Holy Ghost promised. I will restore. Thus say the Lord. I will restore. Thus say the Lord. Lord, I hear you calling me into a deeper life. Away from all my doubts and fears. away from all my strife. And through the noises around me, I can hear your still small voice calling me to walk a little closer. You're calling me to walk a little closer. Dear Lord, I hear you calling me into a deeper life. Away from all my doubts and fears. Away from all my st. And through the noises around me, I can hear your still small voice calling me to walk a little closer. calling me to walk a little closer. &gt;&gt; Teach me how. &gt;&gt; Teach me how I must spend my time. As the days roll on, I need to know I'm growing with the breaking of each dawn. Give me more of your spirit that I can live more conscious, Lord, so I can walk the lane. little closer so I can walk a little closer. &gt;&gt; I've seen you pray. I've seen you break the barriers down but separated us. Now in you I have more confidence. In you I've learned to trust. growing in my understanding of your holy love. Now I will walk a little closer. Now I will walk a little closer. Teach me how I must as the days roll on. I need to know I'm growing with the breaking of each. Give me more of your spirit that I can live more conscious, Lord, so I can walk a little closer. So I can walk a little closer. I've seen you pray. I've seen you break the barriers down and separate us. Now in you I have more confidence. In you I've learned to trust. I'm growing in my understanding. of your holy love. Now I will walk a little closer. Now I will walk a little closer. Calling me. You're calling me to walk a little closer so I can walk. &gt;&gt; So I can walk a little closer. &gt;&gt; Now I will walk. &gt;&gt; Now I will walk a little closer. Yes, I will walk. Yes, I will walk. Walker closer. Amen. We want to walk a little closer each and every day. Praise the Lord. Joined the specialists. They were just wonderful. Amen. I'm sure the Lord was pleased with them all. Amen. Why don't we stand and uh let's sing uh 10:05 the chorus. Touch your people once again. Just the chorus. There you go. We'll sing that as our brother comes and be in prayer for him as he brings the word and we're all expecting tonight just like we were expecting last night, but we're expecting more tonight. See, praise the Lord cuz God's got more to give. Amen. Praise the Lord. Okay, let's sing it and uh we'll turn it over to brother John when he comes. Touch your people once again with your precious holy hand we pray. Let your kingdom shine upon this earth through a glorious church. Hallelujah. Not for temporary but to restore authority and power. Let a mighty rushing wind blow in. Hallelujah. Touch your people once again and touch your people once again. Bring your glory. We pray. Let your kingdom shine upon this earth through a living glorious church. Not for temporary but to restore authority and power a mighty rushing wind touch your people once again. Amen. That's our prayer, isn't it? You know, the prophet of God would say, "Let the Holy Ghost take the meeting." Amen. I remember I don't remember cuz I wasn't there, but the scripture talks about when Solomon dedicated the temple. And the presence of God was so powerful that none could even speak. And they just sat there and they based in the presence of God. You know, brother Aaron and I were talking on the way over and he said, "You know, I I understand why they call it the foolishness of preaching because God could do it so many other ways. He could speak from heaven. He could do it in a miraculous way. He could do it direct to our minds and our thoughts, but he chose men to do it." Amen. And it works if we'll let him work and if we'll believe that he's working through it. Amen. So, we're here tonight to not to hear Aaron preach Not to hear a minister preach. We're here to see the Holy Ghost do a work in his people by his servant. Amen. So, we're going to sing that song, Fill My Cup, Lord, I lift it up, Lord, as we hand it over to him. It's good to see each one here. Good to see Jod and Karen with us tonight. Good to see brother Filon made it with sister Joanne. God bless you. Each one that's here tonight. We do this for the body. I love to bring ministers in and my friends and get the fellowship, but it's for the sake of the body. And so we just want to absolutely ring everything we can out of these out of these weekend meetings. So just lift your need up to him as we sing this this morning. God knows your heart and God can pull that minister down that path that he needs to go to address your need tonight. He can take him off his notes. He can change his sermon. He can change the entire direction of a service just for the need of one of his children. Amen. So you come in faith tonight. You come believing and you lift up your hand. You say, "Lord, I've got a need tonight." As you sing this and you watch what he does throughout the weekend for you. Amen. Let's sing this as brother Aaron comes. Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. So come and quench this thirsty of my soul. Bread of heaven. Feed me till I want to. Fill my cup, fill it up, and make me home. So fill my cup. I give me my soul of heaven You are God with my lift up and make me. &gt;&gt; Let's sing that one more time tonight. Oh, till my cup Lord I lift it up and this thirsting of my soul and bread of heaven. me till I walk. No more is my God and me. &gt;&gt; Amen. Is that your desire tonight? That he would come and fill your cup a fresh and a new. that like they sang in the song that we could just have a closer walk. Lord, that's our desire is just to take another step tonight. That's it. Let's just bow our heads to him. Father, Lord, if we could just ask one thing, Lord, it would just be, Lord, that you would come and draw us closer to you, Father. That you'd come and take control of this service, Lord. That you would just speak, Lord, to your children. &gt;&gt; Lord, move me aside. Don't let me be a hindrance. Don't let my notes be a hindrance. Don't let anything hinder this service, Father. Lord, if it be for one, that's worth it all. Lord, if it be for all of us, we're here to receive it. Lord, we we thank you. We we praise you, Lord. There's there's none like you in heaven and earth. And I just want to give you thanks, Lord, that I have the opportunity, Lord, to worship you in spirit and truth tonight, Lord. I pray it'll please you. I pray that you'll move and take control. And Lord, that the human element, Lord, will be limited so that the supernatural element, Lord, can be magnified in our life. Thank you for that. Father, we just look to your word now and ask that you'll bless it in Jesus name. Amen. Thank you very much. If if you have your Bibles with you tonight, you'd like to turn with me to the word, we're going to look in Genesis 1, verse one. We're going to start Genesis 1:1, read through verse three, and then we're also going to look in Ephesians 2. Amen. Isn't God good to us? Amen. Praise the Lord. We just thank God for this opportunity. Thank our good friend, brother John, once again for the invitation and just thank you all for your support, your love, your friendship. I I truly count it an honor to to be with you. Amen. Genesis 1:1. Tonight we're going to speak on the war for for atmospheres. The war for atmospheres. And I I guess you can say in some ways we're kind of continuing a theme from last night because the truth is we're in a fight. We're in a battle. And nothing's going to come easy to us. You know, we're called to it. We we can't relax because the atmosphere of the day is like a raging river. And I've told our young people at home, Satan doesn't have to get you to recant. He only has to get you to relax. Because if you relax in a raging river, it's going to take you away. Amen. So, it's a constant battle to gain ground. Amen. And it's a real battle that we're in. Genesis 1:1, it says, "And in the beginning, God created the heaven and the earth. And the earth was without form and void, and darkness was upon the face of the deep. And the spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters. And God said, "Let there be light." And there was light. Amen. If you'll also look with me in Ephesians 2, Ephesians 2 and verse one, we'll read down through verse 7. And verse one says, "And you hath he quickened who were dead in trespasses and sins." I say, "Amen." Thank you, Jesus. Right there. Amen. Where in time past you walked according to the course of this world, according to the prince of the power of the air, the spirit that now worketh in the children of disobedience, among whom also we all had our conversation in times past in the lust of our flesh, fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind, and were by nature the children of wrath, even as others. But God, &gt;&gt; but God, Amen. who is rich in mercy, for his great love wherewith he loved us, even when we were dead in sins, hath quickened us together in with Christ by grace you are saved, and hath raised us up together, and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus, that in the ages to come, he might show the exceeding riches of his grace and his kindness towards us through Christ Jesus. Amen. and you may have your seats this evening. You know, we live in a time and I don't have to tell you this if you pay attention at all to your surroundings. We're in a time where where the atmosphere is around us is very unsettled. uh many many times I think we don't recognize even as Christians the significance and the role of atmospheres in our lives. Amen. I think it's important uh to have the right atmosphere if you want a good marriage. It's important to have the right atmosphere if you want to uh to have a good home. It's important in our church services. Amen. We we have to create the right atmospheres. And I I would go so far to say that the importance of atmosphere to to a Christian really cannot be overstated. Uh brother Brandon would make it very clear to us that it takes the right atmosphere in order to bring results. And I just want to throw a uh read a few quotes to you real quick just to establish this. Brother Brandham says we cannot have a healing service here until people gets in the spirit of a healing service. We cannot have a filling of the Holy Ghost until people gets in that kind of an atmosphere. And he says, "Wake the people up to a spiritual atmosphere." Oh, it it takes that to bring children into the kingdom. It takes the atmosphere. He says, "Right, this night while we're sitting here, if if this right atmosphere would take place, this entire group would be refilled with the Holy Ghost. Every sick person would be made well. It's the atmosphere that does it. Amen. He goes on to say, "God's word under the right atmosphere will produce exactly what it says it'll do. It's got to be in the right atmosphere, though." And one thing is, Satan recognizes this as well. And so, he wars against the atmosphere. He stirs things up at home. He stirs things up on the job. He he stirs things up on your way to church, maybe between you and the spouse, maybe a a a sideways word is said, something to get you off track. So when you come into the house of God or even go about your daily business, your atmosphere is disturbed. Your atmosphere is all stirred up and it's in order to hinder faith to keep you from receiving all that you could receive if you were operating under the right atmosphere. Amen. So, so, so it's imperative that we recognize this and in turn we fight to foster the right kinds of atmospheres in our lives. Of course, it's important in the house of God, but I would say it's important in the home even more so that you raise children in the right atmosphere, that your marriage operates under a right atmosphere, that you carry the right atmosphere about you as you go about your day-to-day business to show the world that you don't have to live tore up. You don't have to live agitated. You don't have to live bowed down. But you operate in an atmosphere of peace and an atmosphere of the Holy Spirit. Amen. Because I if the negativity of the atmosphere around you can get to you because look, you're not going to change the atmosphere of the world. All right? But you can't let that atmosphere get to you and begin to operate through you because then what happens is it begins to rob you and those around you. that if you come in from a frustrated day at work and you bring that uh that atmosphere into the home and you begin to fuss and quarrel, you begin to rob the peace from the home. So it doesn't just rob you. When you let that atmosphere get to you, you also allow it to rob those around you. Amen. But but when a man lives in the negative, when that atmosphere of this negative world and that pressure begins to press in and he allows it to get in and he begins to live in the negative, then he will produce negative results. &gt;&gt; Negative people produce negative results. Really, it's a self-fulfilling prophecy. You got that woe is me atmosphere and attitude and and that's what you're going to produce. Well, it never happens for me. God never moves for me and everything goes wrong for me. And then what happens is it bleeds over into your attitude at church. And you come not expecting God to bless you. You come not expecting God to move for you and not expecting him to deliver you and not expecting him to answer your prayers. And what happens is your expectations are met. your expectations are met and you leave saying, "See, I knew it." But if you would come saying, "I know today is my day. I know the word says he's going to answer. I know God's going to move. He promised to meet me here. I'm coming saying, God, today this is my service. This is my moment. This is when you're GOING TO OPERATE IN MY FAMILY. This is when you're going to deal with my child. I'm expecting it." And then those expectations WERE MET. WHAT A DIFFERENT TESTIMONY WE WOULD HAVE WALKING out of the house of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's like the story years ago of the man that that that put 10 cents into the offering plate and then he didn't like what was preached and he didn't like how the service went. So on the way back out the door, he reached in and took his 10 cents back. And his son was with him. He said, "You know, Daddy, if you'd have put more in that the first time, you'd have got more out of it. If we had come with the attitude of I'm going to put everything into this. I'm I'm going to pour everything into this service. I'M GOING TO POUR EVERYTHING into Monday. I'M GOING TO POUR EVERYTHING INTO TUESDAY. I'm going to give my all to create an atmosphere that fosters love and peace and joy and raise my children IN THAT ATMOSPHERE. YOU'LL GET A LOT MORE OUT of it at the end. &gt;&gt; It's a battle for atmospheres. But if you become negative, it becomes a cycle of negativity that hinders you and and many times it can hinder the service as a whole. I say we got to fight for the right atmosphere. Why is it a fight? Because because what's all around us produces negativity. It wears us down. It gets to us. And so it's a fight for the right atmosphere. I I say let's fight for the right mental attitude. What the prophet of God tell us? That the right mental attitude towards any promise of God would bring it to pass. So you know the devil knows it. So what's he going to do? He's going to fight you in the mind. He's going to fight that right mental attitude. I say it's worth fighting for tonight. Let's fight for the atmosphere in our homes and and fight for the atmospheres in our service. I I look around, I realize there's a lot to be negative about. I see that the world's falling apart. I know international tensions are high. I know things are stressful. But what I also KNOW IS THAT MY GOD is faithful. I know that he hasn't left us here. I know that he's right on time. Things got stressful for the three Hebrew children. But they said, "WE WON'T BOW. OUR GOD IS ABLE. BUT EVEN IF he does it, even if he does it," I'm standing here saying, "I know our God is able even now." Yes, the world's falling apart, but I know his word is true and I know that I can trust him and I can live in an atmosphere of faith even when everything around me is doubt and fear and unbelief and crumbling. I say in the midst of all this, WE HAVE A PROMISE. &gt;&gt; OH, LISTEN. Think about how Rahab must have been with that scarlet thread hanging out of her window. Her house was on the wall. You don't think she began to to to feel the wall shake? You don't believe that? She could hear the screams right outside her door and the crumbling and THE STONES FALLING. IT WAS ABSOLUTE CHAOS. BUT SHE HAD A PROMISE. OUT OF THE CHAOS. YOU'RE GOING TO COME OUT OF THIS AND YOUR LOVED ONES ARE going to come out of this. WHY? SHE HAD A PROMISE SHE WAS HOLDING ON TO. I SAID, "I'M NOT WORRIED ABOUT THE WALLS FALLING and the stones and the crumbling and the earthquakes and the wars and what this president's doing and how EVERYTHING'S GOING TO UNFOLD. WHAT I KNOW IS WE HAVE A WORD. WE HAVE A PROMISE AND we're going to come out of this thing safe." Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh my. I know that the world gets in an uproar over the atmosphere, but they're more about global warming. They get in an uproar about the climate and the weather and and I know Satan can get into those things too and stir things up. But the atmosphere that I'm really speaking of is is the surrounding influences and the spiritual and even the political environment in which we live. You know, the time that we live in has been placed by a prophet in scripture as the Leoysian age. It's the last age, as we would say. It's the end time, the wrapping up of all things where where the whole thing that was planned from the beginning winds up and there's a rapture of the bride. You know, I think about I know God had it all pre-planned, but I I think about from the very beginning, eons, however far back. I know you can't even put a time on God, but whenever he began thinking of this and planning this and and all that's gone on down through history, and yet I have the privilege to stand here at the the end time. I have the privilege to stand here at the blending of time and eternity. &gt;&gt; Think about where we're standing in this day. And I say there's never been a day like this day. &gt;&gt; There's never been a day like this day. And it's a great day to be a believer. And but but but just as the scriptures foretold, it's a time of instability. It's a time of godliness and immorality. Second Timothy 3, he he lays out the characteristics of the last days. And and I'm going to go through it quickly. He says it'll be perilous times. That means dangerous. Lovers of themselves. That means selfish. Blasphemers, unholy, no natural affection, false accusers, fierce, that means savages, despisers of those who are good, lovers of pleasure. 1 Timothy 4:1 says, "Now the spirit speaketh expressly in the latter time shall some shall some shall depart from the faith, giving heed to seducing spirits, doctrines of devils, speaking lies, and hypocrisy, having their conscience seared with a hot iron." Matthew 24 tells us that nation shall rise against nation and kingdom shall rise against kingdom. To me, the accuracy at which this describes the current state of the world's condition is astounding. &gt;&gt; You can look at the scripture and realize this is where we stand. &gt;&gt; This is where we are. It's the end time and the atmosphere is tore up and whipped up by devils. It's atmospheres of oppression, atmospheres of attacking, atmospheres of hatred, nervousness. Everybody's on edge. There's atmospheres of fear and anxiety and there's no peace here in this world because the atmosphere is unsuitable for peace because the one who has dominion over the kingdoms of this earth is a liar and a murderer. Look here Jesus said in St. John St. Matthew 24 said you'll hear of wars, rumors of wars and wars and war. Why? Because the prince of the earth, Satan, the power of the nations, there is a national spirit here, a national spirit here. It's devils. They can't get along with one another. See, so notice the current atmosphere we live in is controlled by the devil, brother. And why is there no peace? And why can't people just get along? I want peace on earth. It's not going to happen. You know, I I saw a guy talking the other day, and I don't I don't mean this as a joke, but many times we we point to the old times and we point back and we're like, "Man, it was so much better then." And the guy said, "Was it really?" He said, "Because I read in in the first couple chapters of the beginning, there was murder." He said, "Man, Eden was a dangerous place." I realized we're talking about after the fall. And I realized, you know, and I I got to think about it. I said there's never truly been peace on earth because ever since the fall, the one who controls it all is a liar. The one who controls it all is a a a murderer. The prince of the power of the air isn't just referring to weather. He controls atmospheres. And and brother Brandon would tie that scripture multiple times right to the temptation of Jesus where Satan tries to get him to bow down and worship him. says the Bible said so Satan is the prince of the power of the air and every nation is under his dominion domination the scripture says that Satan quoted it to Jesus said the whole world all these kingdoms are mine and I'll do with them what I will so we look at that and we we realize all those scriptures we read about the end time they must be fulfilled it it must come to pass the end time must be that evil the atmosphere must be that disturbed these things must come to pass. But as bleak as that sounds, I want to encourage us tonight to look away from those things. Those scriptures should not shake us because they aren't the events that identify us. They aren't the events that speak about us. Sure, we recognize them as markers in time. That's what we recognize them are. But they're scriptures about the kingdoms of this world. THERE'S SCRIPTURES ABOUT THE MEN of this world. But there are OTHER SCRIPTURES WHERE WE FIND OUR PLACE. Malachi 4:5, "Behold, I will SEND UNTO YOU, ELIJAH THE PROPHET, before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord." I SEE RIGHT THERE A promise of restoration sent unto me. Acts 2:17, "And it shall come to pass when in the last days, sayaeth God, I WILL POUR OUT MY SPIRIT upon all flesh, and your sons and your daughters SHALL PROPHESY, AND YOUR young men shall see visions, and your old men shall dream dreams." That's where I find my place. I'm in the last days. Yes. Well, WHAT'S GOING ON? ARE YOU SHAKING? NO. I'M EXPERIENCING A POURING OUT OF THE SPIRIT OF GOD. I'M EXPERIENCING A CLOSER WALK. I'M EXPERIENCING MORE OF HIM than I've ever experienced BEFORE BECAUSE HE PROMISED TO DO IT IN THE LAST DAYS. &gt;&gt; First Thessalonians 4:17, "Then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air, and so shall we ever be with the Lord." When I think about the last days, this is where I find my identification. Oh, we're all going down. No, we're not. There's been a vision that when the church went down, THERE WAS A BRIDE THAT WENT UP. SO, AS THE world crumbles and people fall AND PEOPLE STRUGGLE, DO YOU LIKE TO SEE IT, BROTHER? NO, I don't like to see it, but I can identify WHERE I'M STANDING. AND I've been told, "Look up." I SAY, "LOOK UP TONIGHT. YOUR REDEMPTION DRAWETH NIGH." HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; Get your focus off all the bad and recognize we're about to go home, &gt;&gt; church. We're about to go home. He promised Malachi 4 and he did it. He promised restoration and he did it. He promised to pour out his spirit and he's doing it. He promised healing and he's doing it. HE PROMISED SALVATION AND HE'S doing it. I say THEY HOLD TO YOUR PROMISE TONIGHT. HE PROMISED THAT PRODALS WOULD COME BACK. HE'S GOING TO DO IT. He promised healing. HE'S GONNA DO IT. HE PROMISED A RAPTURE. HE'S GONNA DO IT. &gt;&gt; HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; AMEN. He promised to come back. And to the believers, the air is charged, not with confusion, not with fear, not with doubt, but the air in the atmosphere is charged with anticipation of his return. Brother Brham spoke about the atmosphere in Jerusalem when Jesus was coming to the city. You know that was an end time too. It was the ending of the Jewish dispensation. There was Roman oppression. Politics were awful. Pharisees and Sadducees are fighting amongst themselves. Zealots are riding in the streets. Fighting Romans in the streets. The atmosphere was awful in Jerusalem, but to those expecting him, they weren't focused on that. The atmosphere was charged with his coming. He says, "But those who were waiting, they knew their Lord had promised to come to the feast. And they were waiting, gathering themselves on the street and in little rooms and anywhere they could, talking and waiting. And the whole atmosphere was charged with his coming." I say, how charged should we be tonight after everything we've seen, after everything has been restored, after all God has done for us? How excited should we be? Living in an atmosphere of anticipation, living in an atmosphere of faith, an atmosphere of of expectation, watching and looking and appearing, waiting for him to appear any any single day. I I say the atmosphere should be charged in our homes, not not walking around in doubt and oh no, this one did this and this one did that. DON'T GET YOUR EYES OFF THE FACT THAT JESUS SAID HE'S COMING BACK. HE'S COMING TO THE FEAST. I SAY GET READY. GATHER AT THE GATE. GET YOUR EYES ON THE PROMISE. HE'S ABOUT TO RETURN. I CAN FEEL THE CHANGE IN THE ATMOSPHERE. &gt;&gt; I CAN FEEL THE CHARGE IN THE ATMOSPHERE. IT WON'T BE LONG, CHURCH. AND THE DEAD IN CHRIST ARE GOING TO RISE. LOVED ONES ARE GOING TO APPEAR. And one of these days, YOU'RE GOING TO TAKE A STEP WOO FROM TIME INTO ETERNITY. AND THERE'S GOING TO BE A BODY CHANGE IN A MOMENT, IN A TWINKLING OF AN EYE. THAT IS A PROMISE. THAT'S NOT A FAIRY TALE. THAT'S NOT A PIPE DREAM. THAT'S THE WORD OF THE LORD TONIGHT. &gt;&gt; HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; You can feel it in the atmosphere. The Christian knows it's the coming of the Lord. See, there's an atmosphere. It depends on what you're looking at. For our Lord has strictly told us what was going to happen at that time. And we don't know the minute or the hour, but know that we are nearing something now. You can feel it in the atmosphere. Days about to break. And yet, even though we feel the charge, it's a constant war to live and to operate in the right atmosphere. It's a constant fight because we're affected by the atmosphere that surrounds us. We like to think we're not we're affected by it. &gt;&gt; Book of Revelation would would describe it as a smoke that comes from the bottomless pit. So you let you let a fire get started in your house and it may not touch anything but get your clothes out of the closet or go camping. You may not get burnt by the fire but smell your clothes the next day. You can always smell the smoke. There's a stench from it. It gets on you. And and and I understand we're not living in this world, but sometimes as you walk through it, it it gets on you and and sometimes it it might affect your thinking a little bit and it might wear on you a little bit. It's a constant struggle and it surrounds us at all times. So we so so we got to fight to keep the right frame of mind. We have to fight to have the right attitudes towards promises, towards everyday life, towards church, towards people, people around us because atmospheres affect people. You got to be willing to war against the atmospheres and fight to create the right ones. You know, the atmosphere of Jerusalem, like we said in that time, in many ways, it was a lot like like the one that we're in. It was a time of turmoil. It was a time of struggle. It was a time that the Jewish people felt forsaken. They felt all alone. And there was a priest named Zachcharias. And the scripture says in Luke 1 and6 that he was righteous before God. It's a righteous man. He's a believer. Says, "And they were both righteous before God." How many of you would like him to say that about you? walking in all the commandments and ordinances of the Lord, blameless. This is a pretty incredible testimony for a man to have this written in scripture about him. And yet, if I were to ask you, hey, what do you know about Zachchariah? Most of the time, you don't reference this scripture because this isn't what he's remembered for. What's he remembered for? Because see, listen, if we're not careful, even the most ardent believers can let circumstances wear them down. We can let the spirit of the age affect our thinking. And we let the testimony of our lips reflect the doubt that has crept in, and we speak and act in ways contrary to the promise. And right there in the service, the angel comes to deliver a message of John's birth right in the middle of the service as he's doing service in the temple. And instead of rejoicing in it, instead of accepting it, instead of testifying of the miracle, he gives voice to the circumstances. He gives voice to the symptoms. He gives voice to the atmosphere of doubt that surrounds him. And he SAYS, "I I CAN'T believe this. I'm too old. MY WIFE IS too old. This is impossible." And you know, if you go read the story, it's amazing to me. It actually talks about how they'd been praying for this. And so the angel comes, says, "Your prayers have been answered." And he's like, "No." It makes me question, do we even believe the things we say we're praying for? Are we actually expecting them to be met? Because if he had been expecting it, he'd have been like, "Praise the Lord. THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT I WAS EXPECTING. I KNEW THIS was going to happen. I knew he WAS GOING TO ANSWER. I KNEW YOU WERE GOING TO SHOW UP. I SAW IT IN THE SCRIPTURES. I SAW HOW YOU TOOK Abraham and Sarah, even though they were old AND YOU GAVE HIM A CHILD." He even had examples in THE SCRIPTURE TO LOOK TO. But instead, he says, "No, I don't believe this." As a matter of fact, if you go down into the interpretation of it, it actually says, "I can't be made to believe this." And that is what we remember him more for is that he doubted and he was made dumb, that he wasn't allowed to speak even though he was righteous. The atmosphere of the day had wore on him. The negativity and the doubt had wore him down. And I wonder how many times does an angel come and begin to speak to you in a service, speak to you directly about things you've been dealing with in your heart, dealing with in your life. And right there, the word begins to be the discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart and walk right down your path. And we respond with, "But my situation is different. My situation's impossible." But Lord, and we speak doubt right in the face of the promise because we live in an atmosphere of doubt. We live in an atmosphere where we're beat down. And what happens is doubt will steal your voice. Doubt will steal your testimony. Zachchariah was never able after this moment to go forth and testify of what God was doing. His testimony was stolen. And we've been told by a prophet messenger that the bride is the final voice to the final age. And we can't let doubt steal our voice. We can't let doubt steal our voice. There's a voice that's going to be crying out that there's a living God. That there is salvation. That there is the miraculous, that there is the supernatural, that you can be saved in this day. THERE'S GOT TO BE SOMEBODY CRYING OUT. HE STILL MOVES. HE STILL SAVES. HE STILL DELIVERS. DON'T LET DOUBT ROB YOUR VOICE. OH, BUT LET FAITH TAKE OVER. GIVE VOICE TO FAITH TONIGHT. A LIVING FAITH, AN ACTIVE FAITH, A FAITH IN ACTION. YES, LORD. THAT'S WHAT I'M EXPECTING. I SAY, ASK GOD FOR BIG THINGS TONIGHT AND EXPECT him to meet those needs. &gt;&gt; Oh, a story comes to my mind right now of a king and a man came to this king and I'm gonna skip a lot of it just for the sake of time and he comes in and he was known to be a cruel king. He was known to be one that was difficult to deal with. And this peasant came in and he said, "I have need of 500 acres and a 100 head of cattle and I need a new wagon and I need this and I need oxen." And the king said, "Done." And he walks out and his servants come to him and they're like, "What what just happened? I've seen you say no to a man that needed a chicken. I've seen you say no to to men who needed who came and asked for nothing. Just just a little bit." He said, ' Because finally somebody came and asked me for that that only a king COULD GIVE. NOBODY ELSE COULD MEET THAT NEED. NOBODY ELSE COULD DO THAT. FINALLY, SOMEBODY ASKED ME TO DO SOMETHING THAT ONLY I COULD DO. DON'T BE AFRAID TO ASK HIM BIG THINGS. DON'T LET YOUR KIDS only hear you say, "God bless us tonight and watch and keep us." That's wonderful. BUT LET THEM HEAR YOU CRY OUT FOR BIG THINGS, FOR TOUGH THINGS, FOR THINGS THAT TAKE ACTIVE FAITH. And then LET THEM SEE YOU MARCH WITH YOUR SHOULDERS BACK SAYING, "I'M GOING TO SEE IT. I'M GOING TO RECEIVE IT. I'M GOING TO HAVE IT BECAUSE I SERVE A GOD THAT IS ABLE." &gt;&gt; HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; HALLELUJAH. Walk in an atmosphere of faith. Don't let doubt steal your voice. Walk in an atmosphere of believing. Because see, there was a little girl living at the same time, surrounded by the same evil, chaotic atmosphere. and she receives a message from the same angel and it's a more unbelievable message, shall we say. She didn't have a scripture to look back to where this had been done before. But he comes and he says, "Oh, THE HOLY GHOST IS GOING TO OVERSHADOW YOU. You're going to have a child." And in that moment, she go, "Well, I don't understand how this is going to happen. You don't understand. I'm a virgin and this and that." SHE SAYS, "BE IT UNTO ME, LORD. LORD, WHATEVER IT IS YOU SAY, BE IT UNTO ME. YOUR PROMISES, BE IT UNTO ME. YOUR WORD BE IT UNTO ME. MY HEALING BE IT UNTO ME. MY CHILDREN. MY FAMILY. THE RAPTURE BE IT UNTO ME, LORD. WHATEVER YOU SAY. I'M JUST GOING TO SAY YES LORD. I ACCEPT IT TONIGHT. &gt;&gt; Let's be a Mary tonight. Not a Zacharias. &gt;&gt; Let's be a Mary. Yes, Lord. Be it unto me according to thy word. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Walking in an atmosphere of faith. I believe today more than I've ever believed, Lord. Yeah, but you didn't receive it yesterday, and I believe more today. What if it don't happen today, brother? And I'll believe more tomorrow. It's just going to be a greater miracle when I receive it. But I'm going to walk in an ATMOSPHERE OF FAITH. YOU ARE MY HEALER. YOU ARE MY RESTORE. You are restoring my joy. You are coming back for a bride. It's atmosphere that produces results one way or the other. What kind of atmosphere are we living in? Several quotes here. Brother Brandham says, "It's the attitude of the people that brings the results." That's the reason at Pentecost they had to go to an upper room and pray until the Holy Ghost came because they got in one place, one accord. It's the atmosphere that brings the results, he says. And that's the same thing it is here this afternoon. That's what I'm speaking for. If we can get the right kind of heavenly atmosphere, something's going to happen. See, atmosphere, he says, "And brethren, may I say this with reverence and respect to you as my brethren, knowing that maybe before tonight, we'll all stand at the judgment seat of Christ in heaven." And look, may I say this? Now, you notice he's laying this down pretty thick. He's saying, "I'm saying this with reverence. I I don't want to offend, but we may stand at the judgment seat tonight. He's letting you know this is an important statement. Look, may I say this that it's the atmosphere always that brings forth the product. See, so I want to say this when we encourage worship, when we encourage people to enter in, when we say pour your heart into it, when we say let the spirit flow, let there be freedom in the spirit, IT'S NOT A WORKUP. IT'S CREATING AN ATMOSPHERE. &gt;&gt; THAT'S what it's all about. I I I don't want a A A SHOUT FOR THE SAKE OF A SHOUT. I DON'T WANT TO DANCE FOR THE sake of a dance. I DON'T WANT YOU TO RAISE YOUR HAND FOR THE SAKE OF DOING IT. BUT I WANT YOU TO DO IT SO YOU WELCOME HIM INTO THE HOUSE OF GOD. AND YOU SAY, "LORD, I'M HERE TO RECEIVE. I'M HERE TO WORSHIP." WHY YOU DOING IT? BECAUSE HE'S WORTHY OF MY WORSHIP. HE'S WORTHY OF MY PRAISE. HE'S WORTHY OF EVERYTHING THAT I CAN GIVE HIM TONIGHT. WELL, how how am I supposed to worship, brother Aaron? How am I supposed to do it? However God leads you to do it. &gt;&gt; You know, we get in discussion many times with people about I don't know why we're going here, but here we are. Well, what about dancing and shouting and running and all those things? Is is that is that okay? Absolutely. Is it okay? Am I supposed to do that? No. There's no supposed to. You're supposed to worship God the way you're called. &gt;&gt; You're supposed to worship The Bible actually says praise him in the dance. Did y'all know that? &gt;&gt; And it doesn't say maybe you should. It says praise him in the dance. You say, "Well, that means everybody should do it." No, it also says praise him on the organ. Everybody here is not going to play the organ. &gt;&gt; Okay? But it's letting you know that is a way he is to be praised. &gt;&gt; So you're going to have one person maybe on the piano. I'll give an example. He comes through many times and he's looking for a fresh drink. Brother Brandon would say, "A fresh drink of Pentecostal water." He's looking for a certain praise. Okay? Now, when David desired a drink from the well and he said, "I need that drink." The whole army didn't go. &gt;&gt; Three went to get him that drink. So, he moves through here and he's looking for a fresh drink, a fresh praise. Maybe he needs a drink of dance. I don't know. And he's not saying all of you got to give it to him, but somebody's going to give it to him. &gt;&gt; And he may need he may be looking for somebody just to surrender and give him this drink right here and tears stream down their face. You don't all got to WORSHIP THAT WAY, BUT SOMEBODY'S GOING TO GIVE HIM THAT DRINK. &gt;&gt; WE'RE NOT ALL CALLED TO DO IT THE SAME WAY. BUT WHAT I'M SAYING IS WE ARE CALLED, LET EVERYTHING THAT HAS BREATH PRAISE YE THE LORD. SO PRAISE IS NOT AN OPTION. &gt;&gt; WE ARE TO PRAISE THE LORD. WE'RE CALLED TO IT. SOME ARE GOING TO PRAISE THIS WAY. SOME ARE GOING TO PRAISE THAT WAY. I JUST SAY MAKE SURE that we give him praise that is do his name. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. It's not a workup. It's creating an atmosphere because atmospheres produce atmospheres that he can move in. Atmospheres where he can deal with hearts. But you're going to have to be willing to fight for that atmosphere because it's easier to sit still. It's easier to relax. Why do you keep saying that, brother Aaron? Because Satan fights it. Satan hates it. And he wants to kill the atmosphere of faith so that he can rob victory. And so he pushes in with an evil atmosphere, with a lukewarm atmosphere where it's easy to come in and BECAUSE YOU HAD A HARD DAY, IT'S easy to sit there and listen. I came to my post of duty. &gt;&gt; I showed up. You did the hard part. &gt;&gt; You did the hard part. I never understood when people push through the battle. They push through the war. They do the hard part. They get up. They get that flesh dressed. They they they push through the little disagreement with family. They get IN THE CAR. THEY go back in AND CHANGE BECAUSE THEY SPILLED COFFEE ON THEM. AND OH NO, I'M GOING TO CHURCH. AND THEY FIGHT THROUGH IT ALL. AND THEN THEY GET THERE. What What was the point? I'm telling you, if I fight that hard to get there, when I get there, I'm going to make it worth my while. I'm going TO GET MY MONEY'S WORTH, so to speak. I'm going to enter IN WITH EVERYTHING I GOT. SAY, "SATAN, YOU TRIED TO STOP ME. YOU TRIED TO ROB ME. YOU TRIED TO HINDER ME. BUT I'M HERE. AND I'M HERE TO WORSHIP. I'M HERE TO PRAISE. I'M HERE TO ENTER IN. I'M HERE TO DRAW CLOSER TO YOU. I'M HERE TO HAVE MY SOUL FED BY THE WORD. I'M GOING TO RESPOND. I'M GOING TO CREATE AN ATMOSPHERE. And maybe it's not even FOR YOU, BUT WHAT ABOUT THAT ONE NEXT TO YOU THAT NEEDS SALVATION AND NEEDS HEALING? I'M GOING TO CREATE AN ATMOSPHERE FOR THEM. &gt;&gt; I'M GOING TO PUT MY SHOULDER TO THE WHEEL. &gt;&gt; There may be a Lazarus that needs you to roll a stone away. &gt;&gt; You may not be THE DEAD ONE, BUT I SAY, "LET'S COME IN. LET'S PUT OUR SHOULDER TO THE STONE AND LET'S PUSH AND LET'S WORK TOGETHER AND LET'S FIGHT SO THAT SALVATION CAN BE IN THE HOUSE OF THE LORD. HEALING CAN BE IN THE HOUSE OF THE LORD. DELIVERANCE can be in the house of the Lord. &gt;&gt; He says Satan's still here. That's the reason all these things happen. He is still here and all of his evil forces are still here. Notice that's why the earth is now so filthy. That's why the scum and ridiculous things that goes on, bloodshed, war, politics, sin, adultery, all kind of filthiness goes on is because that Satan is the ruler of this earth and this atmosphere. You say the atmosphere. Yes, sir. Both the heavens and earth now is contaminated with devils that can accuse us before God. Jesus is there to intercede for us. See, while the accusers keep pointing a finger, they did this. They did this. They did this. So, it's all contaminated with devils accusing us both day and night. I want to take a moment and go back now before time even began and see how we got to this place where where there's a constant battle for us to live and walk in the right atmosphere to where it's a battle to have the atmosphere of faith. It's a battle to have an atmosphere where we can fellowship with God because we can live in that atmosphere of fellowship even though we're surrounded by chaos. We read in Genesis 1 that the world was without form. It was void. It was dark. There was nothing. It was without form. Horrible shape. No light. Turning waters. He says the world was without form and it was void and darkness was upon the earth. nothing but a complete chaos. And the Bible said in the beginning back there, the world was without form and void. There was nothing but just darkness of chaos. What a horrible shape it must have been in. Nothing but way into the darkness yonder without light or anything in the turning of water. What wandering star twisted around around the orbits out there somewhere? It must have been a terrific mass of something lost like it couldn't find its way. You look at that and you begin to realize that God has the power to take twisted, deformed situations and transform it into something beautiful. He is the transformer of situations. He's the transformer of atmospheres. Brother Brandham described this as a mass of chaos. Chaos meaning disorder and confusion. It was an awful condition. But the Bible tells us in Genesis 1:2, "And the spirit of God moved." Listen, church, that's the key to everything. That's the key to it all. When the spirit of God moves, things begin to take place. When the spirit of God moves, chaos begins to come into perfect order. And out of that great chaos comes the Garden of Eden. The entire picture changed because the spirit of God moved. And there was a word that was spoken over that chaos. It went from a chaotic atmosphere to where everything was out of border like a terrific mass of something lost, he says, to the most sublime, the most perfect, the most peaceful atmosphere that the world had ever known. I want to say something right now. YOUR LIFE MIGHT BE IN A CHAOS. YOUR HOME MIGHT BE IN A CHAOS. YOUR HEALTH MIGHT BE IN A CHAOS. BUT I SAY TONIGHT, JUST LET THE SPIRIT OF GOD BEGIN TO MOVE OVER THAT CHAOS. LET A WORD BE SPOKE OVER THAT CHAOS. AND LET THE SPIRIT BEGIN TO COME AND TRANSFORM AND UNTWIST AND CHASE AFTER THAT PRODAL AND LET MERCY AND GRACE GET ON THEIR TRAIL AND LET YOU JUST WHAT IN A MOMENT ALL OF A SUDDEN A CHAOS CAN BECOME SOMETHING BEAUTIFUL. SOMETHING THAT THE HAND OF GOD has touched. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh my life's a mess. My family, my job, my health, your chaos is not too hard for God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You just need the one who spoke worlds into existence to begin to move over your atmosphere. &gt;&gt; He'll do it, church. He'll do it. He'll begin to move across that mess, move across that situation, move across that marriage, move across that job situation, across that sickness because he's the creator of atmospheres. He is the master of your situation. Don't let the devil tell you he's in control of anything in your life. God is the master of your situation. The earth in this moment is transformed into an Eden. And in the atmosphere of Eden, there's no fear. In that atmosphere, they they don't know worry. They don't know sickness. In that atmosphere, Adam operated as a son of God. He could take the word upon his lips and speak and it would happen. Wind stand still tree move here. He could speak as a son of God. How do how do you know that? Because that's what the second Adam did. We could see how how a son of God was supposed to operate in those situations. And in that atmosphere, he was on speaking terms with God. There was fellowship in the cool of the evening as God would come down and he would walk with his children. There was nothing between God and man. The atmospheres were clear. But there came a time, as you know, that that the atmosphere changed. Everything changed. Satan had a plan to get back into the heavens, to get back to a place where he could rule and operate from a position of dominion. Satan wanted dominion. He wanted position. And by causing man to fall, and and I know I'm going over this quickly, but you know how how it came about. He stepped into that position that man had forfeited and that man could no longer operate from. Now fear enters in, death enters in and fellowship with God is lost. The earth is given over to the devil. The atmospheres are given over to him and brother tells us that the heavens were shut off. The heavens became sealed off. Think of that. One day you have fellowship with God. You're walking in the cool of the evening. You can speak to him and the next day nothing. Never knowing fear, never knowing anxiety, never knowing anything. Then all of a sudden, nothing but fear. Nothing but anxiety. Nothing. And now a great mist and a fog of demon power stands between heavens and earth. Where once God would come down, now it's sealed off. Power is sealed off. Fellowship is cut off. And Satan becomes the ruler of the earth and the prince of the power of the air. And now man man begins to wander alone without fellowship without contact. Brother says man just became a wonderer wandering on his own trying to figure things out on his own. And and soon in this new atmosphere and without fellowship and and and without hope, man begins to slip back into the chaos once again. The chaos that God had ended, now man begins to slide back into it. and the generations following Adam lost touch with Eden. Eden became a story that grandpa told. Let me say something tonight. Don't let the moving of the spirit and the new birth and the power of God become a story that grandpa tells. &gt;&gt; It only takes one generation. Second generation is cooler. Third generation, it's a story. I'm going to tell you something. I don't know if I told y'all this last time I was here. You know, brother John, we were speaking about Life Tabernacle in Shripport, and I was on a Facebook page of theirs, and I couldn't see everything because I wasn't a member, but I could see certain pictures, and there would be pictures of Brother Brandham every now and then standing with Brother Jack Moore. And people from that congregation would say on there, I know who Brother Jack is, but who's the the other man standing with him? Who is that? And then people would respond, that was just some preacher that used to be friends with Brother Jack. And I thought, my my God, look at the messages and the miraculous and the mighty things that were performed in Life Tabernacle in Shreport, Louisiana. And here we are a few years down the road and that was just some preacher. We don't really remember some guy that used to be friends with brother Jack. I think his name was Brandham. I I think invisible union on the wings of a snow white dove. Rapture things they heard, miracles they saw. discernment they saw and now just a few generations I don't even know what you're talking about. Don't let it ever get to the place where our generations don't know what we're talking about because they haven't experienced it for themselves and Eden just becomes a story that grandpa said and it was something from a past age and there was no contact and no fellowship. The atmosphere becomes clogged with demons with fear and doubt and they lose touch. Prophet says, "Man in the fall lost his consciousness of what father put him here on earth to do." In other words, all the plumbing as it was in our brain and the outlets of faith has been clogged up with business affairs, with home life, with domestic things, it all becomes so clogged up with that until God can't operate through those channels that he made man for. You have to stay in contact with God. You have to stay in fellowship with God. I I I don't care how many times in the past you've been in contact. I don't care how many times you've had experiences with God. Those are wonderful things. I don't care how many times you had fellowship with him in the past. Don't let long periods of time go between contacts. &gt;&gt; Don't your let your testimony be, I remember 10 years ago when God moved in my life. &gt;&gt; A Christian should never have to point backwards to a time he was in a better condition or a better place or in better fellowship with God. Amen. &gt;&gt; Because that's exactly what Satan did to put man into the chaos originally is he took away his fellowship with God. And now Jesus, listen church, we have to understand something in your situation. No matter how awful it is tonight, please understand that we serve a determined God. We serve a God who's not going to give up on you. He's not going to give up on your situation. He's not giving up on your family. So don't you give up. And Jesus was determined that I'm going to have fellowship. &gt;&gt; I will have fellowship. And Jesus comes and makes a way so that now you and I can have fellowship again. We can have contact again. And I'm trying to encourage you tonight not to let the atmosphere of Leoa drown that out and push that out. It's something you got to be willing to fight for tonight. Amen. The generations after Adam forgot their purpose because their outlets became clogged. Look, the same thing happened a after the second Adam. You had the day of Pentecost. You had the church in the book of Acts and all these things out of chaos. A a church is born there on the day of Pentecost. And and what happened? What happened down through the ages? They forgot what it was all about. And it became about rituals and it became about traditions. And they forgot. And God sent a message in this day to restore order, to call a bride out of the chaos. And he sent light into the darkness and into the confusion. And he brought out of that something beautiful. Amen. And now we can't allow amnesia to to come in and cut us off from what we were put here to do. Brother Brown said, "Man forgot what we were put here on earth to do." I said, "We can't let tradition hinder. We can't let the ideas of man hinder." What are we here to do? You are here to manifest JESUS CHRIST TO A DYING WORLD, to let HIS LIFE LIVE OUT OF YOU. YES. John 14:12, uh, the works that I do shall you do also. That means the miraculous. That means the healings. That means all of that, the deliverances, but it also MEANS THE LOVE OF CHRIST. &gt;&gt; IT MEANS SHOWING COMPASSION. IT MEANS AN OVERCOMING LIFE. I'M NOT WORRIED ABOUT THE miracles and the tongues and the gifts. If you do that here and live like the devil out there, what was his work? He overcame the devil. &gt;&gt; We can't go long periods of time without him moving and manifesting himself because it doesn't take long sitting in dead atmospheres to think those are normal atmospheres. This body, and I don't mean this, I mean the body of Christ was made for the supernatural. This body was made for the heavenlies. It was built for the manifestations of the spirit. This body can't stand the atmospheres of the chicken yard. Never forget what this body was designed to do. This body is to manifest Jesus through all of its outlets. Amen. &gt;&gt; Brother Brandon would talk about the outlets. He says ministries an outlet and supernatural workings are an outlet. Gifts and prophecies are outlets. Healings are outlets. He says if God designed man's body, he certainly designed the body of his son, the church. And he has designed us to come together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus and have these supernatural workings of God outlets through gifts of the spirit such as prophecy and wisdom and knowledge, gifts of healing, ALL THESE OTHER DIFFERENT GIFTS. IT'S outlets that God lets out his power and lets out his revelation to the people. &gt;&gt; We got to fight for these things. We got to be willing to stand for these things because if Satan can clog it up, if he can clog the outlets, he knows he can stop the power. Now, brother Aaron, what what do you mean fight for these things? I don't mean force them. I don't mean seek after them. Christians don't seek after these things. These things follow after Christians. &gt;&gt; But what I mean by fight for them is actively stand against the spirit that would rob them. That's that's what I mean. &gt;&gt; Just actively stand against the spirit that would come and rob them. We don't want to work up fake anything, but I'm not going to let the spirit of the antichrist come in and rob the those things from operating in our church. Amen. That's why we teach it and preach it over and over and over again to let the life flow, to let the supernatural flow, to let freedom ring because we're trying to create an atmosphere of life where God can flow through all these outlets where God can manifest himself through all his body that he designed. We didn't design it. God designed it so he knows how he wants it to operate. And we want to live in an atmosphere of faith where God can speak how he pleases, operate how he pleases, and manifest himself how? Through a people. We want God to manifest himself in my if if I have anything, Lord, do you want to be this? Do you want to be that? No, I just want to manifest you. H how how you choose? How how you want me to operate, Lord? What what part of my life do you want to use? I'm going to give you that because my purpose is to manifest Jesus Christ. I I I want an atmosphere of faith around me, Lord. Atmosphere of believing because I know atmospheres produce Amen. Man fell back into chaos again. And and after the fall, Satan ruled the atmosphere. Darkness and gloom hung over the earth. Fellowship was broken. The heavens was shut off from mankind. But I got good news. I'm not going to leave it gloomy. And I'm not going to leave it full of demons. All of that was about to change. All of that was about to take a turn because the very one who had spoken who who had spoken to the darkness and had taken the darkness and turmoil and chaos in the beginning and made it in Eden, that very same one was determined once again to have fellowship with man. He was determined THAT CHAOS WOULD NOT RAIN. HE WAS DETERMINED TO MAKE A WAY. HALLELUJAH. Think about it. It was chaos and the spirit of God moved. And then once again it was chaos and the spirit of God moved and it stepped into flesh and it stepped onto the scene where the chaos was. And that flesh came down in the most chaotic time and he came down and what did HE DO? HE SHOWED how a man can create an atmosphere around himself of peace in the midst of a storm. How a man CAN WALK ABOVE SIN. HOW A HOLY GHOST MAN can speak to the storms. Speak to the devils. CAN LIVE AN OVERCOMING LIFE IN THE MIDST OF absolute chaos. Hallelujah. He came and showed how Satan may be the prince of the power of the air and he may be able to stir things up and whip things up, but he still has to be subject to the word. &gt;&gt; Listen to me. HE STILL HAS TO BE SUBJECT to the word. So the devil came and he stirred up storms. And brother Brandham said there was a demon on every wave swearing that they were going to sink that little ship. OH, BUT GOD IN flesh put his foot on THE BROW OF THE BOAT AND HE SAID, "PEACE be still." AND IT DIDN'T MATTER THAT HE WAS THE PRINCE OF THE POWER OF THE AIR. HE HAD TO BOW TO THE KING OF THE UNIVERSE. AND NOW THAT SAME KING LIVES ON THE INSIDE OF MEN AND WOMEN AND HE'S STILL SUBJECT TO THE WORD. SO WHEN HE STIRS UP YOUR HOME, HE STIRS UP YOUR LIFE AND HE STIRS UP THE PEACE IN YOUR FAMILY. YOU STAND ON THE BROW OF THE BOAT AND YOU SPEAK PEACE be still. AND HE'S STILL SUBJECT TO THE WORD TONIGHT. HALLELUJAH. WHY? CUZ THE SAME ONE THAT SPOKE THERE SPEAKS OUT OF THESE lips tonight. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. He came into this atmosphere that had been cut off from the heavens to do battle against the enemy, to do battle against spiritual wickedness in high places. Yes. To conquer sin. Yes. to conquer death, hell, and the grave. But there's a piece we often overlook. Brother Brown says, "We don't talk enough about the ascension." He came to conquer atmospheres and all the evil that was there so that you once again could return to heavenly places and have access to the heavens once again. &gt;&gt; SO THAT YOUR PRAYERS COULD go up to God and that his answers could come back down to you. Oh, THINK ABOUT IT. THAT WE DON'T RECOGNIZE THOSE THINGS HAVE BEEN SHUT OFF. HEAVENS HAD been sealed off AND THEY WERE STILL SEALED OFF UNTIL THE MOMENT OF RESURRECTION. He said there's so little spoke of his ascension. It's one of the greatest days when he ascended up cuz all over the earth since the day in the garden of Eden that SIN WAS COMMITTED. ALL HEAVENS was shut off from mankind. When he was on the earth, he conquered passions, pride, he conquered sickness, he conquered devils. When he died, he conquered death. When he arose, he conquered hell. when he went in and and conquered everything that was against mankind, it went into the wine press of God, crushed it down, conquered death, hell, grave, sickness, formality. OH, THAT'S SOMETHING TO SHOUT ABOUT RIGHT THERE. AND EVERYTHING ELSE, AND OVERCOME IT ALL, and rose on the third day, AND CONQUERED ALL THE ATMOSPHERES ABOVE AND CUT THE MIST BETWEEN GOD AND MAN, AND CONNECTED HEAVEN AND EARTH TOGETHER AGAIN. GLORY, OH MY. WOO! I SAY, GLORY, OH MY. HE CONNECTED ONCE AGAIN GOD TO MAN WHERE I CAN HAVE FELLOWSHIP. I CAN SPEAK THE WORD. I CAN PRAY AND I KNOW HE HEARS. HE can answer and I can receive. HE TORE THROUGH THE ATMOSPHERES. &gt;&gt; OH, and as they went out, he conquered the grave. And then there was a great mist hanging over the earth yet. So he had to conquer the mist of sin. The mist of stent to the sins of the people with his own blood. His vesture dipped in blood. He conquered the atmospheres above. Blessed be his holy name. He cut the fogs of hell from place to place till he cut a hole through the sky where Adam's lost children could pray THROUGH TO VICTORY. OH HALLELUJAH. HE CUT THROUGH SO YOU CAN PRAY THROUGH TONIGHT. He conquered the atmospheres. He conquered sin. He conquered death. He conquered hell. And he rose triumphantly. THAT'S YOUR GOD. THAT'S YOUR MIGHTY CONQUEROR. AND HE CONQUERED atmospheres for you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. &gt;&gt; Satan sits in heavenly places tonight and he accuses you and he accuses you and he points out this fault and this failure and he says you have no right to be here. You have no right to speak the word. You have no right to operate in heavenly places. Look at your life. I DO HAVE A RIGHT. HE RESTORED MY POSITION OF AUTHORITY. HE CONQUERED ATMOSPHERE. SO NOW EVEN THOUGH Satan battles and he wars and he says I can't I can step into my position in heavenly PLACES NOW AND I CAN SPEAK the word and say PEACE BE STILL. SATAN TAKE YOUR HANDS OFF. SATAN BACK OFF MY PROMISES. I'M OPERATING IN A PLACE CREATED BY MY LORD AND SAVIOR BECAUSE HE CONQUERED ATMOSPHERES. &gt;&gt; HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; OH, think about it. All hope was lost. Chaos reigned. Man couldn't see into glory. Glories of God was cut off. Powers was shut off. Fellowship was taken. But our con our conqueror, he tore through that cloud of demons and granted access back into heaven. He granted access back to God. He ripped the veil of atmospheres and he paved the way not only for us to be able to sit together in heavenly places. Now, oh, think about it. Not just for now, but he knew in a little while I got a bride coming. I got to pave the way. She's got to have access to get up into heaven. And he came and HE PAVED THE HIGHWAY INTO GLORY. AND HE MARKED IT WELL WITH HIS own blood. It's an easy path to follow. And tonight, WE'RE WALKING UP THE KING'S HIGHWAY ON THAT RAPTURE MORNING WHEN THE DEAD IN CHRIST ARISE. HOW AM I GOING TO GET THERE? HOW AM I GOING TO PUSH THROUGH? OH, HE'S ALREADY TORE THROUGH THE ATMOSPHERES. HE'S ALREADY CREATED A HIGHWAY. I JUST GOT TO BE willing to walk up it tonight. HALLELUJAH. HE MADE A WAY OF ascension for us. Oh, glory. She's going to rise to meet him in the air. He says the Bible said he ascended on high, gave gifts unto men. There was an atmosphere hung over the earth of darkness, gloom, death, and weary. prayers couldn't come up because the atonement wasn't made. But he broke through that veil. He opened up the way. You can see that I'm I'm going to skip ahead a little bit and show you. We see this right here in Daniel that he said unto me, "Fear not, Daniel. From the first day that thou just set thine heart to understand and chasen thyself before thy God, thy words were heard and I've come to thy words, but the prince of the kingdom of Persia withtood me one in 20 days." That atmosphere of demons literally hindered the answers of God from coming in a more timely manner. He says, "I was trying to come from the moment you prayed." He said, "But the prince of Once again, this shows you who's over the nations of the earth." He's speaking of a demon power when he says, "The prince of the power of Persia hindered me. It clogged away. It clogged away." We see that right there. Let me back this up. I love this so much. Blessed be the name of the Lord. He knew one of these days he had a bride coming. All the saints that's in heaven above, he is the prince of the power of the air. I love this. The bride is going to meet him where? In the air. says the Bible, the atmosphere may be full of demons and darkness, but there's been a highway made into glory. And I love the fact that when we meet him, we're going to gather with our conqueror right in the place. Think about this. Right in the place where Satan had lain clay laid claim to. Right where he had blocked all of man. Where he had wared with these angels. Where he had blocked our blessings. You say blocked our blessings. Yeah. He said, "All the sin that's in the heavens above, he's the prince of the power there." He keeps off, wars off the blessings from God. And there comes thunderbolts of lightning and strikes the earth. And everything from the heavens, sheets of slicing rain, typhoon, storms, everything comes from above, which is Satan, the prince of the power of the air. He has laid claim to this. It's his. It It's what he's most proud of. It's where he's wared you from. It's where he's kept you battling to get to heaven. Once again, I thought you said the heavens were open. than they are. But he's still going to battle you. But now you have a right. Now you have a right to be there. You have a right to approach the throne. You have a right to cast Satan down. But he stands there with a place of pride. I took this from man. I I took this. I I caused the fall. And yet on that day on rapture morning on rapture morning right there where he was supposed to have power and authority. For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, with the trump of God. and the dead in Christ shall rise first. Then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in thee. He ain't the prince of the power of the air no more. &gt;&gt; He's been stripped of it. There's been a people who has stepped back into their place of authority and God recognizes their their position. He says, "I'll meet you there. I'll meet you there." Amen. I'm so glad he made a way. I'm so glad he made a way. Yeah, we have to fight, but it's available to you. He can still stir it up. He can fight it. He can hinder, but it's yours for the taken tonight. It's yours for the taken. Jesus came and tore through the veil of sin, tore through the veil of sickness. He broke through that veil of depression. He broke every veil. But it's up to you tonight to stand and enforce your rights. And Satan is well aware of the of the power of the right and the wrong atmosphere. And he's aware that atmospheres produce. And he still sits there trying to rob you of your blessing by disturbing your atmosphere. All the sin that's in heaven above. I already read that one. He tries to disturb your atmosphere. I'mma move on. It's a war, church, to continue home from last night. It's a war, but you're called to conquer. And we're bombarded on every side by the atmosphere of the last day. And I've already said it produces so much doubt and negativity and nervousness. But the main thing it produces that you have to worry about is lukewarmness. It produces lukewarmness. It's where you feel comfortable and it's the atmosphere of the end time. I want you to know what the second Adam show us. We can walk above that lukewarmness. We can walk above the traditions of man. We can walk in heavenly places and live in an atmosphere of the Holy Spirit where our lives are not dictated by the atmosphere of Leodysia. And because he he conquered these atmospheres, you're no longer subject to the atmosphere caused by the devil. Because now you have rights and you have the ability to create. Now this is what I want you to recognize. The same one who created atmospheres now lives in you. And so now you have the ability to create atmospheres. You yourself are a creator. Amen. You have the the the ability to create the atmosphere that you choose to live in. the atmosphere that you choose to create because the one who spoke Eden off of his lips and the one who cast devils out and the one who tore through devils into the atmospheres now lives on the inside of you. Now you have the right. Now you can create an atmosphere of faith. Now you can create an atmosphere of the Holy Ghost. Now you can stay on fire for God when everything around you is lukewarm. I say again, this is worth fighting for. It's worth waring for the right atmosphere when brother Aaron every service &gt;&gt; every day, every devotion with your family every moment. Conquer the atmosphere around you. &gt;&gt; It takes atmosphere to do things. It's the atmosphere that does it. Brother Brown says, "Well, what's the word? What's the what the word of God is? If you take any promise of God and place it in the right atmosphere, it'll produce exactly what is in it. What is in its life, excuse me. So, you're going to get what you get based off the atmosphere you create. You say, "Well, brother, I I disagree. It's the word that does these things. It's it's the word we got to have." Absolutely true. Absolutely true. But you got to place the word in the right atmosphere in order for it to produce what's promised. I want to drive this home. What difference does that make? I don't care how many nails you got, how many pieces of cross you got. We need to produce this word again. Amen. How do we do that? Put put it not on a cross, on a nail, but on a living atmosphere of the Holy Spirit that brings forth the results. God's word under the right atmosphere will produce exactly what it says it'll do. It's got to be in the right atmosphere, though. You can't lay it over in the seminary or some Bible school that don't believe in signs and wonders. It'll never happen. it'll never break forth and bring life there. The atmosphere is wrong, but you got to put it in the right atmosphere. He says they was blessing God for the Holy Ghost, which had never come yet, but they believed that it was because God was going to keep his promise. And when they kept blessing God until the atmosphere got just right, then there came a sound from heaven like a rushing mighty wind filled all the house where they were setting, see the atmosphere got right. Oh, couldn't we get an atmosphere here that every every blind, every sick person, everything all with one accord believing until the sick I seen it last week in Wood River where there wasn't a person left. They just piled up the crutches and wheelchairs and CS. I was standing at the platform preaching like this and they just begin to raise up, throw them IN THE CORNERS. THE atmosphere &gt;&gt; got right. What would happen? I'mma slow down just for a moment. I won't be much longer. What would happen if we would come together every service determined to get the atmosphere right? &gt;&gt; I mean, with a determination, &gt;&gt; a real determination, determined to do our part, recognizing the devil's going to fight it today. He's going to fight it tonight. He's going to fight it Wednesday. He's going to fight it every time we come together. He's going to try to stir things up. But recognize I'm a creator of atmospheres and I have a right tonight to sit in heavenly places in this service. And right now the devil's trying to hinder me. He's trying to take my mind. He's trying to focus on this. But right now, I'm going to begin to take dominion over those thoughts. And I'm begin to battle. And I'm just going to create an atmosphere in this place. I'm going to create an atmosphere if nobody else does because I have that authority and I have that right. It's been placed in me. And I'm begin to fight. And I'm going to go to spiritual warfare. And I'm determined that before I leave, God's going to meet my need or he's going to meet somebody. He's going to move in my situation because I'm fixing to create an atmosphere of faith and I'm determined that it's going to happen because we are the creators and we have a right to do the things that are written in the word. We have a right for the power of God to move in our church. We have a right to worship him in spirit and truth. We have a right to see our children saved. We have a right to the baptism of the Holy Ghost. We have a right. HE SAYS, "FORGET NOT ALL MY BENEFITS. YOU HAVE A RIGHT to those things, but in order for them TO SPRING FORTH, WE GOT TO CREATE THE RIGHT ATMOSPHERE. And if it's atmospheres that's going to bring the supernatural, then I'm GOING TO DO ALL THAT is within me every single time we COME TOGETHER TO MAKE SURE that the atmosphere is right. &gt;&gt; I can't make this one do and I can't worry about that one. I got to get it right where I'm at. He says, "What we need is a Holy Ghost atmosphere." That's right. An atmosphere where the power of God's moving one accord, one place gathered together under that atmosphere of expecting God to move down and do signs and wonders. Amen. Let's move ourselves up into that bracket. Step up in faith. Move out of these three dimensions up here into the next one. Said, "Lord, I'm just believing you're going to pour your blessings. I'm expecting it now. All things are moving right in. I'm expecting to see the exceeding abundant now. I'm expecting it. And when you go, now listen to this. This doesn't sound too awful." You come down and say, "Well, I I don't know about it. I didn't sound terrible. I didn't say I don't believe it. I don't want to be here today. It's just a qu I don't know about it. And look what the prophet said. Well, see, you hurt the other person. My how our doubt can affect an entire circle. Well, see, you've hurt the other person. You see how important you are? Don't take this as a as a as a negative. Recognize how important you are to the battle. &gt;&gt; I need you. &gt;&gt; There ain't there there's truly, if you hadn't realized this by now, there is truly no big eyes and no little's. &gt;&gt; You under the sound of my voice are just as important to this service as I am. &gt;&gt; You say the preacher preacher makes the service. No sir, I preached during co to an empty building and I say you're wrong. Those services were awful. I'm sorry. I'm speaking how I felt. I I couldn't stand it. That door never amened me once. It was brutal. You're what makes a service. Quit quit talking down to yourself. I'm just a nobody who comes and SAYS YOU YOU'RE WHAT IT'S ALL ABOUT. YOU'RE WHAT the whole plan OF REDEMPTION IS ABOUT. WHAT'S THIS WHOLE MESSAGE ABOUT? WHAT WHY JESUS COME? WHY THIS? WHY YOUR PRE YOU? &gt;&gt; YOU. YOU ARE EVERYTHING. YOU ARE PRECIOUS TO HIM. YOU ARE IMPORTANT. YOU ARE THE WHOLE PLAN OF GOD. &gt;&gt; Recognize that you're important in this battle. And I say, let's create an atmosphere tonight that the devil can't stay in. LET'S CREATE AN ATMOSPHERE WHERE LUKEWARMNESS is uncomfortable. LET'S BE THE CREATOR OF ATMOSPHERES to where we come in and lukewarmness and cr is crushed. Where worry is crushed, where fear is crushed, where sickness is crushed, an atmosphere where cancer flees from THE BUILDING, WHERE FEAR FLEES FROM THE BUILDING, WHERE DEPRESSION FLEES FROM THE BUILDING. WHATEVER YOUR NEED IS, I SAY LET'S create an atmosphere of faith in this place where nothing can stay, BUT THE BLESSED Holy Spirit and THE BLESSINGS CAN POUR OUT AND HEALING CAN FLOW and deliverance can flow. HEALING FOR WHAT? WHATEVER YOU NEED OF A CLOSER WALK, MIND BATTLES, SICKNESS, WHATEVER YOU NEED A FAMILY RESTORATION, LET IT FLOW IN THE HOUSE OF GOD BECAUSE YOU CREATE AN ATMOSPHERE OF BELIEVING. It's a battle for atmospheres tonight. Create an atmospheres that welcome him in our midst and he shows up. And when he shows up, things begin to change. &gt;&gt; When he shows up, things begin to change. Church, I'm determined to live above this earthly atmosphere where demons rule because there's been a way made into heavenly places. And I may have to fight, but I got a right to it. I'm going to live above their influence. When troubles come in the church, I'm going to change the atmosphere. When unbelief comes in, I'm going to change the atmosphere. When Satan tries to make us cold and formal, I'm going to change the atmosphere. How many times I may maybe not here so I'm just going to speak I'll speak for myself but how many times have we left a service and thought man it was kind of dead in there today. You know sometimes it's just sparking off popping full of life and sometimes it's a little bit more of a struggle. Maybe not here in this perfect church but in a lot of places that's how it is. And you sit there and you're focused on man it's kind of dead today. People just don't really seem to be entering in today. I'm like, and I'll deal with myself in those moments instead of that. Why not go I'm a creator of atmospheres. It It does seem to be a little off today. So, you know what? I'm just going to change that. I'm just going to enter in harder. But the problem is too many times we enter in hard because we see others entering in hard. We worship hard because the atmosphere is already right. No, no, no. That's not that's not what it's about. You create the atmosphere. you be the one that makes the atmosphere one that others want to enter into &gt;&gt; because there's never a reason to walk out and say it was a little bit dead in there because really what you're talking about is the atmosphere everybody else created. How was it for you? &gt;&gt; I've heard it all the time. I've said it and I'm not being judgmental. It's just things I recognize about myself sometimes like, "Boy, we had a good service today." I'm not worried about we. Did you have a good service today? Because many times when we say we had a good service, we're referencing, man, the preacher did good and man, there was some shout and every song was perfect. We had a good service today. No, no. Was your life changed? What constitutes a good service? Listen guys, if you know me personally, I'm an emotional fellow. Like, don't let it shock you if at some point I just take a lap around this. I'm all about it. But that doesn't mean it was a good service. What is a good service is did the word its intended effect in the lives of men and women. &gt;&gt; That's a good service. Now, I'll take all the things that come with that because many times when the word begins to take effect, you begin to see rejoicing and somebody gets loose from a chain and they begin to shout and those type of things. And many times, hey, I've rejoiced and shouted because I see a victory take place in another life and I know the situation. It just brings such joy. Those are the results of the word taking effect. &gt;&gt; But what we're looking for is the word to take effect in our lives. Let's create an atmosphere of faith where the word can come and change can fall off. Therefore, we can have a true worship in spirit and truth. What is worship in spirit and truth? Brother, that means we have emotion and we have the word. No, it's we have the word and because we accept that the spirit comes behind it and we're able to worship in spirit and truth. Why can you shout? Why can you dance? Why do you act those ways? Don't you know the seals are open? Yeah, that's why I act the way I do because I've accepted the word. I've accepted those things and it brings an effect in my life, you know. But what happens I I'll tie this very briefly to the natural. It may be different here. This may be a better example in Louisiana, but a little cold front will begin to sweep through. This out here would be a major cold front at home. Like if this was going on in Louisiana, this amount of snow schools would be closed for a week. Like people are like, "Ah, there's we're not going to make it. Hopefully I got enough firewood." All right, we we don't get this kind of weather. Okay, I'm just being very real with you. But still, a cold front can come through and it changes the atmosphere and everything begins to freeze up. And if it's a bad one, even here, the roads begin to get real icy. And when things get icy, you know what we do? We're afraid to move. Things get real icy and and and we get real still. We begin to stay put and there's no real progress in the world. And same things can happen in churches sometime. It doesn't mean there's anything wrong, but something changes in the atmosphere and things get cold a little bit. Maybe there's a a season where there's a few services in a row where man, something just seems a little off. And in those moments, instead of accepting it, here's something I tell people. We all go through seasons. I don't have a problem with seasons. I have a problem when we accept it and use it as an excuse. Oh, I got no victory. It's just a season of life I'm in. No, no, no, no. When things freeze up and the cold front freezes everything up and the roads are frozen up and you feel like you're not getting anywhere, it's time to let the sun start shining again. It's time to just step back and say, "Lord, let the sun begin to shine in here again. Whatever we're doing to hinder whatever is going on, Lord, I'm not going to accept this iciness. I'm not going to accept this lukewarmness. It may be cold all around me and the pew in front of me and the pew behind me. There may be problems at home, but I'm fixing to create a new atmosphere. I'm fixing to press into the Holy Ghost. I'm fing to press in to the sen. I'm fixing to press in and begin to let the rays of that life begin to pour over me and pour over my family. And I say, Lord, if things hadn't been on fire like they need to be in my family, let it start with me. Lord, I take responsibility. I say, "Let me be the revival." What they say at the Welsh Revival when the when the Americans went over there and they were looking for the Welsh Revival and they they came up to the little the officer swinging his baton walking down the street and they said, "Sir, we're looking for the Welsh revival." And he said, "I am the Welsh revival." I say it's time we recognize where are we standing at today? We are in the bride's revival. I don't got to work it up. I don't got to call it down. That's what this message is. It revived a bride. It called a bride out of denominations. We are in the bride's revival and that's time that we recognize who are you? I am the revival. I am the revival for my family. I'll be the revival for the church. I'm going to stay on fire because I am the creator of atmospheres. Well, I I'm waiting for the move to start. The move is on for the bride. That's dust, saith the Lord. That's what the prophet of God says. SO, WE'RE NOT WAITING. IT'S HAPPENING. THERE'S A REVIVAL GOING. I SAY GET ON BOARD. DENY THIS ATMOSPHERE OF LUKEWARMNESS. DENY THE ATMOSPHERE OF DOUBT. DENY THE ATMOSPHERE of fear and say, "I AM A CREATOR OF ATMOSPHERES. I've been restored TO MY POSITION IN HEAVENLY PLACES." And I rebuke the spirit of lukewarmness. I rebuke the spirit of doubt coming in my home, into my mind. I'M TAKING THOSE THOUGHTS CAPTIVE. I AM the creator of atmospheres and I will live in an atmosphere of faith because that's what I've been called to do. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; He says it's the atmosphere that brings the miraculous. and wonders and powers of God among the people. It's the atmosphere of the people. Let's produce an atmosphere tonight. You stand together with me. Let's produce an atmosphere tonight where all things are possible. You are the creator of atmospheres. And what I believe with all my heart is that the bride is going to create such an atmosphere on this earth that it's going to produce the rapture because he's going to look and he's going to see what she's done and where she's standing in the atmosphere that she's operating in. He's going to say, "She's ready. It's time." And she's going to go through the air on a highway that he made when he ascended. And we're going to gather together where in the atmosphere. Prophet of God tells us. And from out of this chaos of this modern scientific Eden that we're living in, of culture and science and education, all this modern stuff will rise. This robe of flesh will drop and rise and seize the everlasting prize. Someday we'll go through the air and this will all be over. For the word of God that's brought us from the modern thinking of our mind, transforming our mind into the renewing of our hearts towards God and our spirit. That same spirit that spoke that has transformed us this far. And it also will take us into his presence into glory with a glorified body. Amen. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I'm a creator of atmospheres &gt;&gt; and I'm going to do whatever it takes to make sure that on that morning, on that day, when the dead in Christ shall rise, Lord, let the atmosphere around me produce those kind of results. &gt;&gt; Let the atmosphere of this bride begin to make the earth shake, not in a negative way, BUT WITH THE POWER, the transforming power of the Holy Spirit. LORD, LET OUR LIVES BEGIN TO CALL THE RESURRECTION. LET OUR LIVES begin to call for a rapture. May we be like Amram, Lord, there in Egypt. He began to call for a deliverance. He said, "Lord, YOU PROMISED IT. LORD, YOU PROMISED IT AND I'M LOOKING FOR YOU to fulfill it." And he speaks back. He says, "I'M GOING TO, BUT I'M LOOKING FOR THE RIGHT ATMOSPHERE. I'm ready for you to CREATE THE ATMOSPHERE WHERE I can move down and I can transform those mortal bodies and you can step from mortal into immortality AND WE CAN GO TO MEET OUR Lord in the air." Why can we do that? We are the creators of atmosphere. We've been restored to our position in this day. You have the right. You have the right to create the atmosphere in your home, in your life, to speak life over your children, and stand there and believe it's going to happen. Stand there and believe it's going to happen. And watch God begin to move over the chaos. &gt;&gt; Watch the spirit of God move. Can we play that tonight? Spirit of God move. Write your word on my heart. Can we sing that together? Let's begin to create an atmosphere. The word has gone forth. You've listened. You've received. You've pulled on the gift of God. Thank you. You're such an incredible group. Your passion and your zeal. I love it so much. Now, let's just welcome him to move. You know your heart's desire. You know the atmospheres that need to be changed in your life so that you can receive the miraculous. I don't want to be a Zacharias that I'm doing it all right and I'm doing all this right. But in the moment when it's time for me to receive, I say this surely not. &gt;&gt; But right now in this moment as he speaks to your heart and he says it's your time to receive. Be a Mary and say I'm ready. Be it unto me, Lord. SPEAK TO MY HEART. WRITE YOUR WORD IN MY HEART, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Will y'all help me start this tonight? Thank you, Jesus. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. Write your word in my heart. Fill my whole being. Can you say this tonight? Lord, &gt;&gt; consume my life. &gt;&gt; I'm going to be an empty vessel. &gt;&gt; I'm laying it all aside. every hindrance, &gt;&gt; every doubt, every fear, unbelief. Spirit of God, move over this chaos. &gt;&gt; Lord, fill me aresh. Fill me a new, Lord. Lord, I need you to pour it out tonight. Spirit of God, move. &gt;&gt; Spirit of God. &gt;&gt; Oh, there's trials. There's tribulations. I've been worrying. I've been doubting. I've been slipping. I've been sliding. &gt;&gt; Oh, but not tonight. Not tonight. Tonight's my moment. Tonight I'm stepping into reality. Tonight I'm stepping into manifestation. Oh, move, Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Oh, so that you can come, Lord. &gt;&gt; Lord, and fill me. Oh, how many says, Lord, fill me ah, &gt;&gt; fill me a new tonight, Lord. Spirit of God, move right here in my life. Spirit of God move and write your word in my heart. Feel my whole being. Consume my life. Spirit of God who an empty vessel I want to be. I hope this is okay. You've given me liberty. Will you as a church congregation walk up to the front just in unity? Come on, don't be afraid. Come on, each one of just in unity. What are we doing, brother Aaron? We're showing a unified front to the devil. You can create all the atmospheres you want. What is the atmosphere of the end time? He's tearing people apart. He's ripping people apart. He's turning this one against this one. He's turning that. But we're going to show him tonight. You're facing a unified front. You're facing a people from different cultures, different backgrounds, different places. We all have a different raised in different families, different ideas, but we got one goal. We're going to make it. &gt;&gt; We're going to make it. You can bring your evil atmospheres. You can press in more than ever. You can bring more attacks, more depression. But tonight, tonight, we are rededicating ourselves, Lord. And we're going to allow you to move. And we're going to create an atmosphere right now, Lord, that you can just move down. And Lord, we just want to right now just offer up a prayer to you as we gather together. And and we offer a unity, Lord God, showing, Lord, that as a congregation, we're facing this time together, Lord. And we're inviting you to lead us. We're inviting you to guide us, Lord. anything in our life, we want to leave it right here together. We want to lay it down. Lord, why you doing this? I just want to show every brother and sister, we're not FIGHTING ALONE. WE GOT brothers and sisters around us. And we're standing together. We're standing in unity. And we come tonight to make a statement. Satan, we're going to create atmospheres that run you out of lives. We're going to create atmospheres that run you out of homes. You're not welcome IN THIS PLACE. YOUR DOUBT, your fear, your torment, trying to tear homes apart, trying to bring depression. We rebuke it tonight in the name of Jesus. And we stand in unity as a congregation here in Newf Finland in 2026 that we're going to continue to stand. We're going TO CONTINUE TO FIGHT. WE'RE GOING TO PRESS THE battle in the midst of Leonardia, in the midst of evil atmospheres. WE WON'T BACK DOWN. WE WON'T GIVE IN. THERE IS A PLACE FOR US IN ETERNITY. OH, GLORY TO GOD. LET YOUR PEOPLE, LORD, WALK IN VICTORY and create THE ATMOSPHERE WHERE ALL things are possible. Hallelujah. Father, we dedicate our lives. &gt;&gt; We surrender ourselves, Lord, as individuals, but also, Lord, as a church. Father, I pray you'll just bless them like never before. May they recognize their importance to the body, Lord. There's no little church, big church. We are the church, &gt;&gt; Lord. And we're marching towards, Lord, that rapture to the tune of Onward Christian Soldier, Lord. May every family be refreshed. May every family be renewed. May every child feel your loving arms wrap around them tonight, Lord, as they recognize I'm important. I don't have to be beat down, but I can raise up. I can put my my foot on the bow of the boat tonight. And I have brothers and sisters standing by me shouldertosh shoulder, shouldertosh shoulder to fight the fight. I tell you tonight, you're surrounded by lovely men and women. You're surrounded by Christians, by soldiers of the cross, and by Jesus Christ himself. If you've got anything you want to leave, just leave it here tonight. Just leave it. Just leave it. Walk away with a new determination. I'm not talking about a New Year's resolution. I'm talking about a new determination to let Jesus Christ have his way. Let him write your story in the coming days. Let him be your leader in the coming days. Just surrender it all to him as we sing it again in unison together from one heart and one accord. And we say, "Lord Jesus, move in our midst." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Oh spirit of God, move. &gt;&gt; Write your word in my heart. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Fill my whole being. Consume my life. Spirit of God move. An empty vessel. I want to be. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; So that you &gt;&gt; Oh, come now, Lord Jesus. Spirit of God move. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Spirit of God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Let your word in my heart. Fill my consume my life. Spirit of God. An empty vessel. I want to be so that you can come. &gt;&gt; Oh Lord, and fill me. &gt;&gt; Holy Spirit, pray. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Change our heart we stand on your word. Holy Spirit rain down. Oh, Holy Spirit rain down. Come on you rain down. Oh comefort and pray. How we need your touch again. Holy Spirit rain down. Won't you rain down? Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy Spirit rain down. Oh, Holy Spirit rain down. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, you rain down. &gt;&gt; Oh, comfort. and pray. How we need our power. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. &gt;&gt; Holy Spirit, rain down. Oh, Holy Spirit, rain down. Oh, &gt;&gt; rain down. Oh, come and pray. How we need your touch again. Holy Spirit, rain down. to rain down. Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy Spirit rain down. Oh, Holy Spirit rain down. Oh, oh come and pray. How we need your touch again. Holy Spirit rain down rain down. Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy Spirit rain down &gt;&gt; in your presence. I want to in your presence that's where I belong. 1057 I want to go where the rivers cannot overflow me. where my feet are on the rock. &gt;&gt; I want to hide where the cares of this world cannot choke me. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; It's in your presence. Oh God, &gt;&gt; in your presence, that's where I belong. In your presence, oh Lord my God, in your presence, that's where I seeking your face, touching your grace in the cliff of the God, it's in your presence, oh God. And I want to hide where the blood of evil cannot reach me. where I'm covered by the blood. I want to be where the schemes of darkness cannot touch me. It's in your presence. Oh God, in your presence, that's where I am. In your presence, oh Lord my God, in your presence, that's where I belong. seeking your face. Touching your grace &gt;&gt; in the cliff of the rock. &gt;&gt; It's in your presence, oh God, and in your presence. That's where I am strong. In your presence, oh Lord my God. In your presence, that's where I belong. taking your place, touching your grace in the depth of the rock. It's in your presence, oh God. And I want to hide where the blood of evil cannot reach me and where I'm covered by the blood. I want to be where the schemes of this mist cannot touch me. It's in your presence, oh God. In your presence, that's where I am strong. In your presence, oh Lord my God, in your presence, that's where I belong. Keeping your face, touching your grace in the depth of the rock. In your presence, oh God. In your presence, that's where I am strong. In your presence, oh Lord my God, in your presence, that's where I am. seeking your face, touching your grace, in the cl of the rock, in your presence. Oh God, the air I brea This is the air I brea &gt;&gt; your holy presence living in meal. This is my daily bread. &gt;&gt; This is my daily bread. Your very word &gt;&gt; to me. &gt;&gt; And I I'm desperate for you and I I'm lost without you. And I I'm desperate for you and I I'm lost without you. This is the air I breathe. This is the air I breathe. Your holy presence living in me. This is my daily bread. This is my daily bread. Your very word. Hallelujah. Yes. spoken to me and I I'm desperate for you. And I I'm lost without you. you. And I I'm desperate for you. &gt;&gt; And I I'm lost without you. And I I'm desperate for you. And I I'm lost without you. Pour your spirit out on &gt;&gt; me. Lord, I seek you. Help me find you. How I need your touch. Find my tri and broken places thirsty for your love. And Lord, forgive me with my wonderers far away from you. For you are all I ever needed. Come and make me do. So pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. saturate my thirsty soul. So come and pour aresh on me and fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now pour your spirit out. Lord, I seek you. Help me find you. How I need your touch. My mind tri broken places thirsty for your love. Lord forgive me if I wondered far away from you. You are all I ever needed. Come and make me new. &gt;&gt; Pour your spirit out on me. &gt;&gt; All just like the saturate my thirsty soul. Come and pour the pressure on me. &gt;&gt; Fill my cup again. &gt;&gt; Heal my heart and make me whole. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; I need you now. &gt;&gt; Pour your spirit out and pour your spirit out on me. All just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. So come and fall a fresh on me and fill my cup again. Heal my heart. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. I worship you almighty God. I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. I worship you, oh prince of peace. That is what I long to do. I give you praise for you are my rightousness. I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. I worship you, oh prince of peace. That is what I long to do. I give you praise for you are my rightous I worship you mighty God. There is none like you. Oh, I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. I worship you, oh prince of peace. That is what I long to do. I give you praise for you are my rightousness. I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. He is able more than able to accomplish 7:21. Amen. He is aable, more than a to accomplish what concerns me today. He is aable more than able. He can handle anything that comes my way. He is able more than able to do much more than I could ever dream. He is aable, more than a to make me what he wants me to be. He is aable, more than able to accomplish what concerns me today. He is aable, more than a. He can handle anything that comes my way. He is able more than a to do much more than I could ever dream. He is a more than a. He's going to make me what he wants me to be. &gt;&gt; Heavenly Father, Lord, we're thankful, Lord, for your presence, for your word this evening. Lord, we're thankful that you did what you said you'd do. That if we come in your name and gather ourselves together, you'd be in the midst. Heavenly Father, Lord, I pray that Lord, as we would slowly wind down this service, Lord, Lord, may we just go out, Lord, with a refreshed attitude, a refreshed atmosphere, heavenly father. Lord, set our eyes on things above, Lord. Set our eyes on the word, Lord, for the thing we look at is what sets our atmosphere, Lord God. Lord, I pray you help us to have a positive confession that your word is yay and amen. Lord, let your word be born, Lord, in the lives of the believers that stand before us this evening. Lord, I pray that you would just be with brother Aaron, Lord. Restore him, refresh him as well, Lord. Give him, Lord, your word for the service tomorrow. Heavenly Father, bless him richly, Lord. each one that's worshiped you tonight, Lord, that's raised their hands, that's defied gravity, Lord, I pray that you would just, Lord, do a special thing in their life. Lord, as they go home, may they just dwell on the things that you've anchored in their heart, Lord. May they dwell on the the power, Lord, of dwelling on your word, Lord, of looking to what you said rather than what the world says, to looking what you say is real rather than what the conditions and circumstances say. Heavenly Father, Lord, let us shout out all these senses, Lord, and hold on to that super sense of faith, Lord, by grace that we could lay hold of your word, Lord. And when Satan comes in, Lord, and rise like a flood, Lord, your Holy Spirit would raise a standard, Lord. Pour more of himself in. Point us to the word that gives us victory, Lord. Bless your people. Lord, be with us as we go out tonight. We pray. In Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. And he is aable, more than a to accomplish what concerns me today. He is a more than a Anything that comes my way to my We When we go away, We glor. Glor. We Glor. The There no way and Glory for your name. Jesus glory. daily. Good night. Good night. He was there on the ground. the way you'll He was there. He was there. You have the world. will glory. I will We will I will will be glor.
