################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-06 - "More Than Just A Story" - Bro. Ron Spencer on July 6th, 2025 - Ron Spencer - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-06
Title:   "More Than Just A Story" - Bro. Ron Spencer on July 6th, 2025
Speaker: Ron Spencer
Church:  Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YTLQlB0MKt0
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey. Hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat [Music] up here. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. Behold he come riding on a cloud. Shining like sun at the trumpets call. Lift your voice. the year of jubilee and how Messiah's year. Oh, these are the days of his secure tribles becoming as fles. And these are the days of your servant David rebuilding the temple of grace. And these are the days of the harvest. The fields are as wide your and we are the labor. In your favor, declare ye the word of the Lord. Behold, he come riding on the cloud shining like the sun at the trumpet call. Lift your voice. The year of Jubilee and Messiah is here. Oh, there's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like you. Hold on. There's no God like you. Hold on. There's no God like you. Hold on. There's no God like you. Hold on. There's no God like you. Hold on. There's no God like you. Hold on. There's no God like you. Hold on. There's no God like you. Hold on. Behold. We're shining like sun and trumpets come the year and oh behold he come behold he come right on shining like sun at your mine. and his patient come. Amen. Praise the Lord this morning. There's no God like our Jehovah. Amen. He will provide all. Lord, we thank you. Lord, we thank you. Amen. Don't you just love the Lord this morning? Oh Lord, we thank you. Lord we thank you. Oh Lord we thank you for you our God. Lord we love you this morning. Oh Lord we love you. Oh Lord we love you. Oh Lord we love you. For you are God. Lord we praise you. Oh Lord we praise you. Oh Lord we praise you. Oh Lord we praise you for you are full. Let's sing. Lord we thank you. Oh Lord we thank you. Oh Lord we thank you. Oh Lord, we thank you for you are good. Oh Lord, we love you. Oh Lord, we love you. Oh Lord, we love you. Oh Lord, we love you. For you, Parker. Lord, we praise you. Oh Lord, we praise you. Oh Lord, we praise you. Oh Lord, we praise you. You are God. [Music] I'm taking it back. Let's go. Key of F maybe. Well, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, well, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, taking back my soul, my chance, my joy, and my peace, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole, let's sing it again. I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me. Well, I'm taking it back. [Music] Everything that the devil stole from me. Taking back my soul, my dance, my joy, and my peace. Well, I'm taking it back. everything that the devil stole me. We all gave it the city calls it last and while he was gone the enemy came to stole everything he had. Oh, but David encouraged himself in the Lord. He made up in his mind. He said, "I'm on my way down to his camp and I'm taking my property back." Well, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, taking back my soul, my t, my joy, and my peace. I'm taking it by everything that the devil told me. Oh no, we all know that Satan only comes to steal, to kill, and destroy. And I must admit, there been sometimes he's taking away my joy. Oh, but I'm serving those. The devil today. His kingdom is under the tide. Cuz I'mma hold my way down to his game. And I'm taking my property back. Well, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me. Well, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me. Taking back my soul, my taste, my joy, and my peace. I'm taking it back everything. Let's sing that second verse one more time. Oh, we all know that Satan only comes to steal, and kill and destroy. And I must admit, there been some times that he's taken away my joy. Oh, but I'm serving notice on the devil today. His kingdom is under attack. Cuz I'm on my way down to his camp. Taking my property back. I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, taking back my soul, my days, my joy, my peace, I'm taking it back. Everything that one more time, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me. Taking back my soul, my taste, my joy and my peace. I'mma take it back. [Music] Everything that the devil stole from me. Amen. Give him praise. Amen. And is that your determination this morning? I'm taking it all back. Everything he ever stole from me. Amen. Sing a song. I know that I can make it. Maybe key E. You don't have to worry. And don't you be afraid. Joy comes in the morning. Troubles they don't last on vain. For there's a friend in Jesus who will wipe your tears away. And if your heart is broken, oh, you can lift your hands and say, "I know that I can make it. I know that I can stand. No matter what may come my way, my life is in your hands. With Jesus, I can take it. With him, I know I can stay. No matter what may come my way, my life is in your hand. So when your test and trials, they seem to get you now. and all your friends and love aren't ready to be found. Remember, there's a friend in Jesus who will wipe your tears away. [Music] And if your heart is broken, just lift your hands and say, [Music] "I know that I can make it. I know that I can stay. No matter what may come my way, my life is in your hands. With Jesus, I can take it. With him, I know I can stand. No matter what, make my way, my life. Oh, let's sing it one more time. I know. I know that I can make it. I know that I can stand. No matter what may come the way, my life is in. Oh, with Jesus. With Jesus I can take it. With him I know I can stand. No matter what may come my way. My life is in your hand. Amen. As we go to the prayer request this morning, aren't we so thankful? We know that we can make it with Jesus on our side this morning. want to continue to lift up our brother Mike orders there, brother Joe Greens that God would just touch him as well as many of our elderly, sister June Shifflet, Brother Clarence, Sister Betty Morris, uh, Brother Roger and Sister Anne Sailor, uh, Sister Sarah Gooden, as well as want to remember Sister Terresa Gooden there. Want to pray for our pastor this morning that God would touch him and strengthen him in his body. I want to pray for our sister Teresa Delaney and sister Wanda Hinkle. Sister Wanda had her uh first chemo treatment this past week. Just want to continue to pray for her and those treatments there that she has that God would just touch her. As well as we want to lift up our brother Jeff Breeden. Uh he's meeting with the doctors this week to biopsy his liver on July the 7th. So I want to pray for brother Jeff there that God would touch him. I want to also be lifting up uh the family members of lost loved ones in Texas from all these floods and the devastation there from those. So just be remembering those families. Please pray for Betty Morris, not our sister Betty Morris who comes here uh but she found out that she has lung cancer. Thank you sister Tracy Frasier. Amen. So be remembering that. Dear church family, I would like for you to pray with me for a friend of mine's wife, Sharon Waggy. A few years ago, she had the COVID 19 shot and now is having physical problems from it. She needs a miracle from the Lord. Thank you, brother Lawrence. Signs. So, I want to just pray for that need there. Sharon Waggy. Dear church family, please remember my sister Judy in your prayers on Tuesday. She is having surgery at UVA. Thank you, Sister Mary Ellen. Amen. I want to remember those requests there. How many would have unspoken requests? Hey, Lord, just pass my my way. I know you can just meet each and every one of these. I'm asking brother Shannon Shifflet if he would just come pray over these needs for us this morning. God bless you. [Music] Let us bow our hearts, Father. We bow our head and our hearts humbly to you, Father. As we thankful this morning to gather here, Lord, to worship you, Father. There's just something in the believer of a the heart of a believer, Lord, to to gather and to to to feed on your word, to worship you, to lift hands up to you, to sing songs to you, Father, for your goodness in our life, Lord, how we love you, Lord. And I believe it's in the heart of everyone here, Lord, to have more of you, Father. And I believe that's the very reason we're here, oh God, to to thank you and to to ask, Lord, that you would pour out your spirit here today. That you would speak a word to our hearts to help us in our walk, Lord, to draw closer to you, Father. And Lord, these prayers, these needs we've lifted up to you, oh God. Lord, what would we do if it weren't for you, Lord? We can go to doctors and we and we can get help, Lord, but there's only one healer. And we call on the name of that healer today and it's the Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, you've paid the price. The healing is there, Father. I pray that you would raise the faith in us, Lord, to accept that, Lord. That's done been done, Lord. And may we give thanks and praise to you, Father, with lifted hands. Let testimonies come forth, oh God. Father, you said that not even cancer, Lord. Father, those that are fighting it, Lord, give them strength. Give them energy today, oh God. And Lord, may your name be glorified, magnified, Lord. Let the testimonies ring out today, Jesus. Father, we pray that you would bless this service, Lord. Every song sung through every word that has been spoke, Lord, may it bring you glory and praise for that's our will. That you would have your will and way here today, Lord. Touch Brother Ron, Lord. Just use him, Lord God, and speak through a man today to the needs in our hearts. Father, may you anoint us to pull on that gift, Lord, to receive what we're in need of. Lord, again, we thank you and it's with all of our heart we love you, Jesus, in your wonderful name. Amen. [Music] Amen. At this time, we're going to receive this morning's offering. You give us God's bless you. I'm going to have Sister Autumn come sing for us this morning. After she sings, we'll have brother Sam and sister Melissa. He'll sing here for us. But uh as they're receiving the offering, let's just sing that song. Oh, I want to see him look upon his face. Amen. Is that your desires this morning? Well, as I journey through this land, singing as I go. Well, pointing souls to Calvary to the crimson flow. Oh, many airs pierce my soul from without. Oh, but my Lord leads me home. Through him I must win. Oh, I want to see. Look upon his face. There to sing forever of his saving grace. Will the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Here's all past ever to rejoice. in his service for my Lord. Dark may be the night, but I will be hold close to him. He will give me light. Satan snares me my soul. Turn my thoughts aside. Well, but my Lord goes ahead where every time. All I want to see. Look upon his face. Oh, there to see forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Oh, cares on past and laugh. Ever to rejoice when in valley low I look toward the mountain high. Oh and behold my savior there leading in the valley with a tender hand out stretched towards the valley below. Oh, who got me that I can't see as I hold all I want to see. Look upon his face. Oh, dare to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. cares all past home at last ever to your home. Amen. You can be seated this morning. [Music] When he walks among us and all that he does, all of his mercy and all of his love. If the pin of the rider could write every day, not even his words could ever contain how I have been blessed. Warmth in the winter, flowers in spring, laughter of summer, the changing of leaves, food on my table, a good place to sleep, clothes on my and shoes on my feet. I have been blessed. I have been blessed. God so good to me. Treasures are his thoughts of you and me. No way I could count it. There's not enough time. So I'll just thank him for being so kind. God has been good. So good. I have been blessed. Arms that can raise. A voice that can talk. Ears I can touch and legs I can walk. [Music] Ears I can listen I can see. I've got to praise him as long as I breathe. I have been blessed. A mother and father, nurtured and raised, sisters and brothers, meories made. [Music] our pastor to lead us. His altar to pray, stripes that can heal, and blood that can save. I have been blessed. I have been blessed. God so good to me. Precious are his thoughts of you and me. No way I could count. There's not enough time. So I'll just thank him for being so kind. God has been good. So good. are happy. We live in a country, the greatest daughter. Our flag stands for freedom. what it is worth. She stands in the harbor. Miss Liberty calls. All have gave some, but some gave it all so we could be blessed. He's my shoulders to lean on when I am down. The rock where he leads me. When love overwhelms the place where he has me under his wings. He's not just a song. He's the reason I sing. I have been blessed. I have been blessed. God so good to me. Precious are his thoughts of you and me. No way I could count it. There's not enough time. So I'll just thank him for being so kind. God has been good. So good. I have been blessed [Music] and God has been good. So good. I have been blessed. [Applause] [Music] Sometimes I fall to my knees and pray. Come Jesus come. Let today be the day. Sometimes I feel like I've got a break. [Music] But I'm holding on to a hope that won't fade. [Music] Come Jesus, come. We've been waiting so long for the day you return to heal every hurt and guard every wrong. We need you right now. Call me turn this around. [Music] Deep down I know this world isn't home. Come Jesus come. There'll be no war and there'll be no change [Music] when Jesus comes. So let today be the day. [Music] It'll come for the weak and the strong just the same. And all will believe in the power of his name. Come Jesus come. We've been waiting so long [Music] for the day you return to heal every hurt and write every wrong. [Music] We need you right now. Let me turn this around. [Music] Deep down I know this world isn't home. Come Jesus come. Come Jesus come. [Music] One day he'll come and we'll stand face to face. Come and lay it all down cuz it might be today. The time is right now. [Music] There's no need to wait. [Music] Your path will be washed [Music] by rivers of grace. Oh Jesus, come. We've been waiting so long for the day you return. To heal every hurt, I write every wrong. need you right now. God, turn this around. [Music] Deep down I know. This world is at home. Come Jesus, come. Come Jesus come. [Music] Come Jesus come. [Music] Come Jesus. [Applause] Amen. And amen. When Jesus closes out the last chapter of the Bible and said, "Even so, I come quickly." Our prayer is to match his word. And that we say, "Even so, come Jesus, come." Amen. You know, I I kind of feel I kind of feel uh like a minor this morning that's found a that's found a a channel full of gold. And I believe that we've just found a channel, Brother Samuel. Praise the Lord. That was powerful, buddy. Now, look, I heard y'all last night give some rebel yells. We can have one more today, can't we? God bless you, buddy. That was wonderful. Sister Melissa sent me some pictures while a couple weeks ago of me and Sam. I I was carrying Sam up here to sing when uh we used to have the little kids come up and sing and whatnot. I said, "Well, it's time to have him do it again, but I'm not going to carry him this time." So So would you stand with us this morning? Kia F. You love the Lord with all your heart this morning. Well, I am not ashamed of the gospel. Oh, I am not ashamed of Lord. Oh, I am not ashamed to be caring the name of Jesus. I will never be ashamed. Oh, I am not ashamed of the gospel. Oh, I am not ashamed of my Lord. Oh, I am not ashamed to be caring the name. Oh Jesus, I will never be ashamed. Well, he's been so good to me. Well, he's given me everything I need every day of my life. He's been right there by my side with all his loving arms open wide. Oh, I am not ashamed of the gospel. Oh, I am not ashamed of the Lord. Oh, I am not ashamed to be caring the name of Jesus. I will never be ashamed. me. Well, he's given me joy and peace. When he looks at me, he treasures what he sees. Even in my darkest night or on my brightest days, I will trust the Lord no matter what comes my way. Oh, I am not ashamed of the gospel. Oh, I am not ashamed of the Lord. Oh, I am not ashamed to be carrying the name of Jesus. I will never be ashamed. Oh my king holds a name above all names. Because of him, I will never be the same. Oh my king holds a name above all names. Because of him I will. Can somebody say that with me? I'll never be the same. Oh my king holds a name above all names. Because of him, I will never be the same. For my king holds a name above all names. Because of him, I will never be the same. Oh, I am not ashamed of the gospel. Oh, I am not ashamed of my Lord. Oh, I am not ashamed to be carrying the name of Jesus. I'll never be ashamed. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We just want to uh make mention to you uh this year our Labor Day meetings. They'll be here uh at I believe it's let me just give you the exact dates. I'm sorry. It's always Labor Day weekend. Praise the Lord. It is August the 30th. No, I'm sorry. That is the wrong month. I hate when they do stupid stuff like that. Anyways, August 29th, 30th, and 31st, we'll be having our our meetings here uh at the church this year. We have uh decided just to have it here this year. It might be a little bit packed, but we're going to have a good time. So, that just means you're going to have to get to church a little bit earlier. We we built these built this place with uh with the doors back here at the back and we're just going to uh set out chairs. We might have to stick chairs a little bit everywhere, but we just feel to have it here this year. And so we're just looking under the Lord and maybe if you can just we we probably won't be sending that out all over top of Facebook and everything just due to the just due to the size of of of our building here, but that's just what we feel led to do this year. And so we're just expecting the Lord to do uh great things again. And I know that we'll have some announcements coming up for that um uh for church work days and different things and and we're just thankful that that we can we can host a meeting again this year and we're certainly certainly looking under the Lord. But I I say that we're looking under the Lord this morning as well, aren't we? You know, I I just we're so blessed to have a wonderful pastor like we have and we just want to invite him to come this morning. saying that you are awesome in this place, mighty God. As we get ready to train, turn it over to brother Ron, Sister Dorothy. So, so good to have you back here with us today. Brother Matthew, we're certainly privileged to have you here. We uh they they were in BYC camp this this past week and they were working and and uh they they give out a lot. They were serving about 500 people u on some days at one time and up to three time three meals a day I believe. And so God richly bless you for all your efforts for the kingdom of God. There's no way that no man could repay you for all that you've done. But I know I know a God that will always always be no debtor to no man. You are awesome in this place. mighty God and you are awome in this place of the father. You are worthy of our praise. To you our last praise. You are awesome in this place, mighty God. One more time as brother Ron comes. And you are awome in this place. [Music] You are in this place. [Music] You are worthy of our praise. You are my praise. You are awesome in his place. Mighty God. Let's sing it again one more time. For you are awome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome. Make this place have my father. You are worthy of my praise. To me, you are my praise. You are awesome in his praise. [Music] Anytime that we can be in his presence, it's awesome, isn't it? Amen. Amen. Won't you turn to your neighbors? Good to have you in the house of the Lord. Good to set with you and believing for incredible times and Amen. So good to see each and every one of you. Amen. We certainly love you. Thank you, Lord. Amen. We thank the Lord for what he's done for us in our lives. And Amen. Isn't he good to us? Amen. Sister Dorothy, I'll just tell a secret. These boys were these boys were trying to get you to sing this morning, and I thought I was going to have to preach a funeral service. And so, Amen. So, Amen. And I thought, "Oh Lord, I'm going to have to go preach." Amen. These two guys are getting ready to die up here. So, Amen. We so love you with all of our hearts and thank we are thankful for our Fourth of July, a time that we can enjoy one another and maybe have a picnic together and uh enjoy our families and enjoy the freedom of this nation. And so, Amen. I just I just uh appreciate living here and u I know I know our this nation was raised up to be the homeland of the prophet of the hour and so Amen. We thank the Lord for that and one of the reasons was is we are a country that could could send missionaries all over the world and this message has did just that. It's went all over the world and people from every nation believe this message with all of their hearts and so we're just so thankful to be a small part of that and we've did quite a bit of that kind of work ourselves and and we're so thankful for that. Amen. Today is my 25th anniversary standing in front of this pull pit as your pastor. Thank you. Thank you. Amen. Amen. So, I'm having my silver anniversary standing right here. And so, I'd like to thank you. You're having your 25th anniversary putting up with me. And so, I don't know who feels the most sorry here. And so, I love you with all of my hearts. and so glad that we can bring our families to church here. And Amen. You you know by now love is a great big word here. And so we love you with everything that's within us. And and uh we thank you. Now I may not remember your name, but I'll call you buddy or sis. And uh I call Connie that once in a while, too, so it's okay. Brother John, wait. Last week when I saw you with your hair cut and your beard cut, I thought, who is that guy? And I watched him as I preached last week. I said, I preached to him before cuz he's responding the way that Amen. I preached for Amen. That looks good on you. Amen. Amen. That looks good on you. Amen. Amen. We just we want to pray for the people in Texas and my heart is literally shattered and just thinking about what has happened there. And uh you know only God can help them. Only God can help them. And when when tragedy strikes in the middle of the night, it's just hard to get away from it. Mother nature's a a cruel beast. And so we want to pray for them. And and I I cannot imagine being the over top of the youth that has been there all of those years for literally decades and decades. And and tragedy struck them the other night. And you know, a river that goes from 2 foot to 26 27 foot, one place 29 foot. There's no way to get away from that. And so, so we want to we want to pray for those families that God would just be with them and and touch them in a special way. And I believe that prayer can help. I believe prayer can help. And you know, no way can you replace all that, but we've got a friend in Jesus and and he'll help us today. Amen. You love the Lord. Isn't he good to us? Let's turn to First John chapter 1 and verse one. Wonderful message last night. Amen. I'm like brother Andrew. I want to echo the I want to echo the thoughts for brother Matt Mccclar and his wife, Sister Dorothy. They went took their vacation and went and worked and cooked. He preached the first night of the service and had a blowout service and and then and then they cooked three meals a day for 500 people. And that's work. Amen. Amen. So, God will reward you. And uh and I know there war completely out. So, if you go to sleep, Amen. we're going to leave you like that. And so, Amen. Amen. I want to speak to you this morning on more than just a story. Come on. I'm just going to start it. That's all I can do is just start it. 1 John chapter 1 and verse one. That which was from the beginning, which we have heard, which we have seen with our eyes, which we have looked upon with our hands and handled of the word of life. For the life was manifested, and we have seen it, and bear witness, and show unto you, that eternal life, which was with the Father, and was manifested unto us, that which we have seen, and heard, and declare unto you, that ye also may have fellowship with us. And truly our fellowship is with the Father, and with his son, Jesus Christ. and these things that write we unto you that your joy may be full. Amen. Maybe you just lay your hands on one another there just now and maybe have a need today and you say, "Lord, I have incredible needs and I just ask him to come by my way." Father, we love you with all of our hearts today and we thank you for the presence of this audience and we thank you for your goodness and your kindness. I ask you that you would anoint our hearts in a special way today and anoint the speaker. Lord, I I just ask you that you would anoint not just the speaker but also this audience that God would you would come by and we want you to get all the glory and the honor and the praise today. And we have many needs and I ask you to touch us in a special way. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. And amen. And amen. You may be seated. When I begin to think of how I would open this up and our audience and being our 25th year here, I I I thought I would just share a couple of things. We've got new ones that are among us that don't know, but we come from a legacy of of of preachers. Amen. My father was a preacher. My grandfather was a preacher. My great-grandfather was a preacher. Now I've got the other side of that too, bootleggers and all of that. And so, so anyway, we come from that that realm. And even back in the Civil War, uh we had ministers there. Timothy actually the one that came to America was Timothy Spencer and he was a preacher and he came here and had four sons and they begin to spread out and some of them came to Virginia. We're not here to give you that historical, but I grew up in a home and then I would marry Sister Connie and and Brother Homer was a preacher. And as as brother Homer was the pastor of this church and had the vision to to begin this church and started out in Brother Bill's basement, then into another building, construction building, and then into the house that's actually up for sale right now. and uh uh that they converted to a church and now it's back to a house. If you want to buy it, it's like $458,000. We should have kept that thing. So, and so so anyway, here we are in 199091. We begin to build this building and and I I watched I don't want to talk too much about that, but I I just want to bring a couple of stories. Amen. into a supernatural realm. Working here with brother Homer as associate pastor and pastor, we worked together like a charm and we just enjoyed one another and enjoyed his company. All of us loved his singing and loved his preaching. He could preach baptism greater than any preacher that I know of. And he could also preach and he could get on your toes to where you were pulling your your toes up under the chair. And but we watched him with his love. His heart was as big as a car and and he just had a love for the underdog, he would say. And but we watched supernatural events took take place. And one particular day we were called to go to the hospital in UVA and we went there and it was one of the most astounding stories. And we went there and one of the brothers had called and asked us to go to a neighbor and this boy was about 20 years old and he was literally mangled. I've never seen anything like that. He was just mangled and twisted. And in his twisting that his whole body was contorted in such a way his arms were contorted, his legs were contorted. Actually, even his his own uh neck was contorted to where it was kind of flipped all the way around even to So, the doctors told us said, "Don't touch him. Just don't touch him. We're trying to keep him in a state of where to where that we can begin to work on him. We've got we've got to begin to work on him. His mother and father was sitting there and their minds were blown. It was a car wreck that had happened and we walked in and and of course we didn't know anybody and we walked in and and just told them who he was and and and we laid our hands on the handrail of the bed and and we laid our hands on that handrail and and we begin to pray. They told us don't touch him. Don't lay your hands on him. And so we just laid our hands on that handrail and begin to pray and and just ask God to for him to be merciful. The next day, you know, we never saw him ever again, but the next day they came in. When the parents came in, he was sitting up on the side of the bed. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] And he said, "They've already released me to go home." And he said, "You can take me to go home. I'm going to be all right." And so they asked him, said, "What happened?" said, "Well, wasn't y'all here last night when those two angels walked into the building and they had wings on and said, "They didn't touch me, but they laid their hands on the bed." Mom, didn't you see the wings that were on those two men? You know, we don't feel like we've got angel wings. But there's an angel that's with us. Amen. I grew up in that kind of home. And in my home growing up, my father started believing the message in the early 60s. And so we begin to get the tapes as soon as we could get the tapes. In those days, the tape recorder was I I was born and they paid $100 for me to be be born and go through the hospital stay. In those days, the tape recorder that we would play those tapes on was $350. Amen. So, three and a half times what it was to get me and my brother here. The tape recorder was there. We heard brother Brandham's message as long as I can remember. And so, me and my brother would stand and we would we would stand and help brother Brandham quote the message. And so we would we would go and there was a time you remember you flip that you flip the tape record the the realtore over and so you would feed it back through. And so uh we just love that. We love to hear brother Brandham tell those stories and enjoy those stories. And you know I I I grew up in a home that believed in the supernatural. And my dad I saw so many things. One day we were on our way to church and and and there was a sister that had cancer. She was down to 85 lbs and she had cancer and so she was going to die. She had a huge gorder on her throat and and just massive. And anyway, this woman I'd went to church with for for all my life at that time. And so dad said, "God just spoke to me to go by and pray for her." So we went by and prayed for her and the cancer rire as we would walk in. It just rire and of course she was in a horrible shape waiting to die. Dad walked in and laid his hands on her and prayed for her. And he said, "God's not just going to heal you. He's going to restore you back to your weight." And he asked her the question, "How much did you weigh?" Amen. Now, that would have been a tough question. She was at 85 lbs and she said I weighed 235. I'm not going to ask any sister here if they weigh 235 or not, but she said I weighed 235. He said get ready. Don't throw those dresses away. Get ready. Come on. God healed her. And God took her back to that weight of 235bs. You have never seen anybody so happy to be fat. Amen. Brother Ron, you calling me fat? No, you missed the story. Amen. As a little boy, I watched a supernatural happen. Amen. I I I we went to a tent meeting one night and and dad was there and mom was there. Of course, we were children. I my brother will be watching and he might remember this. And my dad, the minister, took the stage. It was quite a large meeting. And and my dad, we were sitting. I can remember where we were sitting about where brother Terry would be sitting in that tent. And so anyway, dad got up and all of a sudden he began to speak in tongues. Then when he spoke in tongues, then he he began to speak. And he began to speak to that preacher that was standing in the pull pit. And he said, "I see you today with another woman." And called out the hotel and the number of the of the door that was on the hotel. Now, that man immediately ran. Amen. He ran out of that building as at 10 as fast as he could. You know, that caused quite a chaos in that tent meeting. And so they they said, "You preach." You know, you know, we see we have seen I could stand here forever and say that we have seen the awesome power of this message. Amen. Most everybody here has got a story that you can say, "I met him." Amen. I met him. And you read scriptures. And they're more than just scriptures to which that that you read over and over again. But every one of those scriptures has power in it. Power to release you and minister to you. And it isn't timed dated to where that it's no longer works. This message will never come to a spot to where it's antiquated. That's right. Because it's Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Now, the reason I can stand and and then I can watch I can watch my children and how that has happened. This message works. Yes. If you're in a situation to where that you're having marriage issues or you're having issues in your life, let me just say, as brother Andrew said last night, no doubt he didn't know what I was preaching today. Let me just say, just immerse yourself in Christ. Just immerse yourself in Jesus Christ. He will work out every marriage issue. If you're depressed, just put yourself in Christ. He'll take care of every anxiety, every need in your life. Young people, you no doubt don't have an idea sometimes because many times we'll have seven or eight different careers in our life and we go, I want to be this and I want to be this and I want to be this. Well, generally that's not what you'll wind up to be. And so, and so, and so we begin our journey and we begin our life. When I began my Christian journey, I was here uh I was here and I was Sister Donna, I'm looking for you. Sister Donna was playing the piano and uh down at the other church, Brother Bill Hinkle prayed with me that night. And I'll never forget these words and it's very important today. I prayed. I needed the Holy Ghost because I'd been a I'd been a bad boy, a naughty boy. I had a history that I needed to be taken care of. Amen. I'd been raised in these kind of homes, but I didn't know God. Amen. Are you listen? God wants more than church members. He wants more than just somebody that will sit in a pew, somebody that will clap their hands. He wants more than that. He wants your tabernacle to be a tabernacle to where he can come and live. Not just on Sunday morning, but he wants to live in your life. He wants to be a carpenter. He wants to be a plumber. He wants to be a brick layer. He wants to be a doctor. He wants to be a lawyer. He wants to Paul say in the inside of you. He wants to be a business owner. And I prayed at that piano. I said, "God, I want more than my mother's experience. Come on. I want more than my father's experience. I need my own personal experience with you. Amen. Come on. Cuz I knew I couldn't live it. I knew I couldn't do it on my own. And that night, God is as good as his word. Saw the hunger of my heart. He dropped into my heart and be begin to fill my life with the Holy Ghost. Amen. Now, as I began my journey, Dad would take me to meetings because he wanted me to get into the presence of the Lord to keep me that way as much as he could. And I would go to meetings and preachers would begin an audience like this. They'd call me out and say, "You, sir, you're a young man. God's calling you to preach." I didn't want to hear it. I didn't want to hear it. Call me out. I want you to preach. God's calling you to preach. Henry Green, Dan Daisley, Samuel Johnson, Ed Biscll, God's calling you to preach. Now, I I didn't want to do that cuz that wasn't what I was wanting to do. I wanted to set in the pew and I wanted to be the best pew setter that I could be. I just wanted to be a real Christian. Amen. Amen. But God want be to deal with my heart as I was running from the Lord. God be to deal with my heart in such a supernatural way. He began to fill my cup so full I couldn't keep it to myself. Hallelujah. Amen. Now, I'd watched the supernatural in my dad's life and my brother Frasier's life. And of course, we all love brother Brandham supernatural. That gift of Christ to this generation, only one. But I needed more than just just their experience. I wanted to have my own. Listen, you're sitting here today. Why don't you just ask him, God, I want you to live in my home. I want you to live in my life. I want to feel you. Thank you, Lord. Brother Brandham will break into it. He says, "Now," he said, "if you read a a love story and the back of it said, "And Mary and John lived happily ever after." Well, you wonder who John and Mary was that lived happy ever after. Now, if you want to know who John and Mary is, you better go back to the first of the book and find out who Mary and John is. Amen. And then get back there. And here you find out who Mary was and what family she was and where she came from and John was and the family that he came from and what his name was and how they were married and all about like that. That's right. He said, "Well, that's the same thing reading the Bible." Amen. He said, "Look, Jesus never said, "Go baptize the people in the name of the Father and the and the name of the Son and the name of the Holy Ghost the way the Trinitarian baptized." There's no scripture for that in the Bible. He never said it in the in the names of in the names of the Father and a Son of the Holy Ghost. He said in the name. In the name. You're talking about more than a story. Amen. Come on. In the name where God drops himself in our lives, Brother Matthew. We were coming down the road this week and we'd been away working and Brother Matthew, he was he was driving and he said, "Dad, I I want you to I'd been kind of dozing and he said, "Dad, this may not be a good time, but would you just would you just talk to me?" Amen. Talk to me about adoption. Talk to me about predestination. Man, I woke up. Amen. That's my favorite. That's my very favorite spots. And I begin to take him back to where, you know, the way that I could look at it as a as a young man. You know, as a young man in school, I was in in drama. Now, in drama, you would you would take on a part in a script and you would learn your script and you would begin to kind of figure out what this man was like and what this man was like and you would learn all your parts and then you would take it to the stage and and those different kinds of things. Give you for instance Charleston H. They begin to develop the ten commandments. And in the ten commandments, they had picked him to be the part to be the lead role. And he went back and studied everything that he could study about the history of Moses. His greatest desire it was that you not see Mo Charleston H but you see Moses. Our greatest desire is that you not see Ron Spencer. Are you with me? That you not see the man that is full of mistakes, but you see the Christ. Amen. And and Charleston H played the part so well that after the movie was over, he had to go to a place to be rehabbed to figure out who Charleston H was again because he had become Moses. Right. Amen. Paul in the scripture talks about I'm a prisoner of Jesus Christ. You see when he sat at the feet of Gale. When he sat at the feet of Gale, he learned the word. He learned all of the laws. And listen, he became such a zeal of the power of the word. It was a a story to him that could be brought to life. But he didn't know who the Messiah was. He didn't know the fulfillment of the hour of his day. But one day, he felt really good putting Stephen to death. He felt good chastising all the Christians. But one day their story became real to him when he was on the road to Damascus and he was cast down off of his horse and he saw that pillar of fire for himself. Let me say something. To hear about it was one thing. Brother Chris, but to be in that awesome presence of God was another. And now that pillar of fire begins to speak to him. Hallelujah. It's hard for you to kick against the prince. And now he could never ever be the same. My fear today is too many people only know the Bible as a story or by Gamil's teachings. I'm afraid too many people catch the spirit of the pastor or the spirit of brother Brandham or the spirit of the church and it's just a society event. I don't want that here. I'm just going to be really honest with you. My mission, my desire is every one of you, every one of you, punch your neighbor. Every one of you meet this Christ for yourself. [Applause] Brother Dylan that's sitting here. He was at the altar last night. I was sitting over here and the voice spoke to me and said, "You'll pray for him tonight." Is it okay to tell a story here? Dylan in his history, even in his wedding, one of his friends stood stood here at his wedding. You have buddies at your wedding. They have passed together. But that boy's past was still a part of his life. And they were at a party. It was the last party. He's dead now. He's gone. When I heard that, I immediately begin to thank God. It wasn't Dylan. Brother Shannon, because of God, that wasn't dealing. Amen. Are you with me? And you can look at all the whatifs in life and go, "Well, I don't know if God watched over, he can sit here and say in this building. God spared my life. When I met Christ, he brought me here. He's keeping me." That was my lifestyle. That could have been me. Amen. I worked in nitroglycerin for 11 years and one night a one of the buildings blew up and there was a man named Danny that was supposed to be working and he said just got sick right before going to work. Two boys and then got killed that night. One of my jobs for months was to look for parts of their body so the insurance could prove that they were dead. Stupid. Danny would come back to work shaken. I was sick. I only got sick right before and God spared my life. It could have been me. It could have been me. He gave his heart to Christ. He said, "God's got a something for me in my life." You said, "Brother Ron, but I don't have a story like that. I don't have a story to where I I, you know, I just know that I could have could have been dead today." Oh, yeah, you do. Right. Driving to church this morning. That's right. You did the most dangerous thing that you could do is drive your vehicle. Amen. And God watched over. Are you with me? You've got angels dispatched to watch over your life. Every one of us has got a story of what we could have been and what we could have done and what we could have did this. And all of us has got a story to where we feel like we've been harmed or hurt or went through a horrible trial. One of the greatest testimonies that are sitting here is Sister Nancy. Sister Nancy as a little bitty girl, her family separated. You know, it must have been devastating to have to leave her mother and they'd made choices that none of us want to talk about. They had made choices to leave. But you see, God planted a supernatural seed predestination on the inside of Nancy Frasier. And she couldn't live in Danville all of her life. She had to live here. She had to be live here. So a wild wild human being would chase her around the church and kiss her on a dare. Listen, when that was all going on, she had no idea that's that's going to be one of the most successful pastors in the valley. [Music] And I'm going to be his queen. But God had to arrange her life. Sure, there was a lot of hurt. Sure, there was a lot of difficulties. All of you got them. Amen. That's right. In your book, all of you've got them. But God watched over your predestinated seed to get you here. Let me say, if he can get you here, if he can get you here, he'll get you there. I've never told this, ever told it. Never uttered it out of my lips, even to Connie. They're going, they're going to hear this for their first time. I was preaching at the old church and I'm going to go into a story in just a little while, but I rehearsed this story of the armor and company son. And during that part of the sermon, I begin to talk about Isaac and Rebecca. And Eaher talking to Rebecca on their journey back to Isaac. The angel had helped her to have the the impact to water that those animals. She don't know Isaac. She's never seen him. But something is inspired on the inside of her and she leaves her father and her mother and she leaves the the family and they get all kind of gifts. But Elohazer, there's something in his voice. There's something in his voice that she knows this is real. This is real. And she climbs on those camels and makes a ride back. And she began to ask him, "What's he look like? What does he like? What does he enjoy? How does he want me to dress?" And I begin to preach that night on God sent us a messenger. To let us know what Jesus looks like. To let us know what he wants us to dress like and how he wants us to live and how he wants us to be. It's more than a historical book. And I noticed Christine began to respond as the preaching went forward. They would set that night about where you're sitting now, Sister Hannah. They were sitting there. Her and Jean was sitting sitting there. And so after a couple of days I had a chance with her in a very quiet moment just me and her. Sister Nancy, this might bring her much much help. She said, "Last night, I caught it. I caught it. What you're preaching is the truth." And she said, "I believe it with all my heart." Amen. Listen, from that point on, from that point on, when I had a private moment with Christine, she said, "You know, I'm a believer." Amen. You know, I'm a believer. Let me just say this to you saints. That means more than houses and land. Amen. And I held that so deep in my heart. I held it so deep. I would never tell it till just today. Without a doubt. I'll see her. [Applause] I'm sorry. Brother Brandham said this. He said, 'If we should take a trip tonight and go into heaven. And I'd meet Father Abraham and I'd say, 'Abraham, what is the most glorious thing that you have ever known? What is the most essential thing that you've ever known? That's quite a question. Abraham would say, "Life eternal." I take a trip and we'll go again and we go over to the great Archangel Gabriel who is the messenger of the covenant to the Jewish people and he stands at the right of right hand of God, one of the highest order of angels in heaven. And I would say to him, Gabriel, thou art a mighty angel. You are loved of God, and you've been here for eons of time, and you perhaps know everything in the heavens, where everything is placed, because you're of one of God's right-and angels. and you know the great secrets of heaven. You sounded the trumpet of the coming of the Lord Jesus. You announced his first coming and you shall announce the second coming and you must be a mighty man or a mighty angel. I want to ask you in all of God's treasures, which is the greatest thing that you have found among his treasures? And I can see Gabriel bring himself to attention and say, "The greatest thing that I have found in God's treasures since he created me is life." God made me to live for eternal for eternity. Life is the greatest thing that there is. Amen. I want that to sink in. After five years in this journey fighting for life, it's worth fighting for. Amen. Is this mic working? We got cancer patients sitting all across this building. Sister Wanda, I know you've been sick this week. But it's worth fighting for. Brother Jeff, you're sitting in the back of the building and I don't care what the doctors say. Come on. It's worth fighting for. Sister Teresa, the things that you're going through, life is worth fighting for. Brother Ron, but you you take chemo. Listen, it gives me lease on life, but brother, it makes you sick. It's worth fighting for. Listen, it's worth fighting for. Every morning this week, I regurgitated, throw it up. I hate to do it. I hate it. I'm 5 years down the road and still going through those things. Shake it off. Maybe an hour later begin to feel like myself. But I want to say this to you. When my babies come running up and hug me, when my boys hug me and my little girl hugs me, my my beautiful queen hugs me. It's worth fighting for. And maybe you go through things just to come to church and people laugh and you scoff at it. Don't let their thoughts and their opinions. Eternal life is worth fighting for. It's worth it. It's worth it. Brother Ron, you don't know what I'm going through. Get past your pity party. Get past your nonsense. This is worth fighting for. Maybe in different countries you won't know what I'm really talking about, but our freedom today come at great cost. That's right. Across the mountain here in Co Pepper, Virginia. Some of you from that area. There's a man, preacher, standing in stocks. His head, his hands through the stocks. They left them there to die. So in just standing there instead of agony and pity party he preached and he preached against the church of England and he wouldn't preach what they was demanding him to preach and they were going to put him to death and he stood in those stocks until his death and preached this sermon. Give me liberty or give me death. Amen. And one of the men that rode through and heard him was a man on a horse. His name was Patrick Henry. And he sat on his horse and listened to that man preach a sermon on give me liberty or give me death. He went back to his constituents, his peers, and stood up before much enemy. Come on. and scream to them, "Give us liberty." That's right. Or give us death. That sermon from that preacher is one of the reasons we're a free nation today. [Music] [Applause] Brother Brown said, "I'm so glad a man can so completely serve God till the devil don't know what to do with him." I'm not a preacher, brother. Don't matter. Some of you sh sisters shake the world. Amen. You shake the world with your dress. You shake the world with your atmosphere. You are living in Leoa and Leoa has not contaminated you. You carry a purity that the world cannot create. Amen. I watched Sister Gabrielle sing last night and I thought it's like an angel on the earth standing there singing. Thank you. I listened to Sam sing with Sister Melissa today, his mom. And for those that don't know, he's a young man that liver went bad and he had to have another liver. He was on his way to being quite a sports star. Sometimes God's got different plans. He was super successful. He was on his way. You know, it was just in his DNA. We got a fell here. You mind? We got a fella here. We talk about sports star. This guy, he'll never tell you, but I'll tell you. This guy was on his way. He could have been a pro. He was on his way as a left-handed quarterback his size. He was on his way setting state records, colleges, making all kind of offers for him to come. Amen. And be on their be on their teams. But God had another plan. God had another plan. Listen, God knows what he's doing. [Applause] Sam was on his way through all the turmoil of life, through all the transplants and the difficulties. My prayer was, "God, you got a plan." And it wasn't the whatifs and hope he make it. I want to say this, you I never looked at it hoping he made it. I knew God bring him through it. God, you got a plan. [Applause] I met his wife for the first time as his girlfriend. suffering from a condition of no. I think she's one of the most beautiful human beings alive. But she had prayed, "Will will I find somebody that loves me?" She couldn't have asked for a better candidate. What you watch this morning, Sister Melissa's story is more than a story. [Applause] Brother Ron, but what about grace? Look at it. Look at grace. Look at mercy. Look at God taking the pawn shop and reaches down and will not let the devil destroy our lives. You talking about a great God. This is more than a story. No doubt Satan hates it. No doubt he'd like to destroy it and gives you problems every day. But let me just say what God's done for you in your lives, we ought to shout every day. [Applause] We can talk of Joseph. We can talk of Ruth and Boaz. We can talk of Samson. I'd like to just share for the next few minutes something that's real to my heart. Brother Brandham, right in the middle of his phenomenal preaching tells a story. It was a story that Dwight Moody told. It was a setting in the the West to where that a man from the Armory Company son was looking for a wife. And I'm going to tell it like it's never been told to you before. I want you to just do that. You brother on I've heard this story. Well, if you're just running through the Bible and running through these stories and not getting it, I want to I want to just tell it one more time and maybe you get it today. And so this girl had been orphaned and her uncle took her in. She had a lot of daughters. He had a lot of daughters. And when he took her in, she just being almost was like a slave. And to me, this is more real than Cinderella. And and she became like a slave. She would cook their meals. She cleaned their house. Listen, Mother Shannon, I I I just say this to you. probably in her mind she thought, "I have no future." This is what life's going to be like. Little did she know she is going to her story is going to be told around the world over and over again. And she's going to type Mrs. Jesus Christ. No doubt she gets fatigued. She gets wore out. She gets frazzled. English language don't have enough words to say it right here. But she feels like she's got no future whatsoever. But she doesn't know in another realm God's got plans. and the armoring company, the man that owns it all, his son needs a wife. Now in Chicago, there's a lot of women there, parties, doll babies, put ons, but he don't want that. He wants something real. Amen. Amen. So, he takes a journey to this ranch and they hear he's coming and they put on parties and they put on their best dresses and they get their best singers and they get everything set up and he goes there and they put their best on for him and he immediately begins to see this is all I saw in Chicago. Let me just say something to you. Even a child can see what's artificial. A child can see artificial, but they can also see real. She's not put in a beautiful dress. She's working in the kitchen. She doesn't have shoes on. She's worse the dishes. Today it was probably a hundred dishes. She's got wash water. She takes it out. There's a corral out behind the house and she takes it out. She's probably did this thousand times, Brother Stephen. and she takes her dish water and she carries it out and she throws it out. But she today she don't realize she's got company. You know there's sometimes you don't realize that you got company. You just don't know who's watching you. I don't know. But maybe he cleared his throat. Maybe just a word or two. How are you? and she immediately recognized this is him. Now, you might meet him in a sagebrush field, our Lord Jesus. You might see him in a round window. It's him. You might feel him as a warm sensation coming through your bedroom. It's him. You may feel him when you're down on your knees and all of a sudden it feels like somebody walked in the room. It's him. And he begins to talk to her and he begins to tell her his mission is here to get a wife. Not a die baby. A wife. Come on. Not a mannequin. A wife. Not somebody that'll look apart. I need a wife. That's right. I need a I need somebody that will reflect my character. Amen. He talks to her long enough until he recognizes she's the one I'm looking for. Amen. Every one of you got a story about how you met. About how you met. You might want to hear sister Kristen's story with brother Jordan and Jordan's mother telling telling him, "Don't you miss it. Don't you miss it." Well, he didn't miss it. Every one of us has got that story. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. And no matter how old you are, that story is Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Are you with me? Brother Bram said, "God will cause you to step out of eternity into time and then he'll bring you together." And maybe even others don't realize what's going on, but it's you. You catch it. That's him. That's her, brother. I lost that feeling a long time ago. You better fall back in love. Hey, take a vacation together. Fall back in love. Somebody help me preach right here. Somebody help me preach right here. Don't never get over that spark. I'm not just talking about you and your mate here on earth, but I'm talking about you and Jesus. Woo! I'm talking about you and him. It gets better every day. There ain't nothing like it. [Applause] Alvin's the best a man in the building right now. Going to be a good week. He reaches over and kisses her on the cheek as a seal for her. Now, let me just say this to you. Nobody's going to believe her story but her. That's important right here. Nobody's going to believe your story but you. They're going to see your atmosphere change. They're going to see your life change. But they wasn't there when it happened. And you sing the song, something keeps holding me. And listen, every time that you sing the song, it comes back. Amen. A year. He makes a promise. A year. Brother tells this story, but it's also living in us. A year from now, I'm going to come back and I'm going to get you. Now, listen. She's like Joseph. She tells us visions and they don't believe her. That's right. They laugh at her. They make fun of her. A year she begins to make a dress. A year she begins to make preparations. A year she begins to work. She keeps doing what she's got to do. But listen, it ain't the same now. There's a there's a light at the end of the tunnel. Let me tell you, the rapture is our light. Hallelujah. This world is not my home. I'm just a passing through. Sister Edwards, don't get discouraged. We've got a We've got a promise. We can all imagine how difficult it was for her. working on a dress and everybody making fun. No doubt their complaints got worse and worse. But there come a season to where countdown's going on. You girls is getting married, countdown starts. You know, when it was a year out, you know, it's nice, but when you're weeks away, your nerves, listen, the guy, he it don't bother him whatsoever. He's going to show up in long socks and maybe the wrong color shoes for the suit that he's got on. Yeah, baby. But there's something going on on the inside. Don't let him die. Don't let him die. You right. I'm going to get through this. But I want you to understand there comes a spot called last time. Come on now. Last time. Come on. Now, let me explain something to you. We're coming to the last time. Go ahead. We're coming to that spot. Come on now. It's meaning more to us all the time. It It was more than a story. Yes, it was. But we're coming to the event of the last time, last day at work, [Applause] [Music] we're coming to the last services. Let me just say this to you. I'm going to miss quite a bit of my sermon, but I want you to understand tonight when you come here, you ought to be the most excited people on the earth. I don't want you to be a bunch of dad heads. This is our story. This is our time. We're going home. We're going to get a body change. This is me in the book. This is me. It's not Joseph. It's not Abraham. It's not It's me. It's me, mama. It's me in the mirror. It's me. You know, you know there's something now. Her story is much different than those girls. That was just a stinking snotty-nosed boy that showed up. But her story is different. Today is the day. She probably didn't sleep last night. rolled around the bed thinking, "This day, this day." And she put her apron on. And she went and started cooking and rolling those eggs. Today's the day. I'm cooking eggs. Last time. Come on. Last time. And I'm pouring it on their plates. Last time. And when they start fussing at her, she's going, "Last time." [Applause] Hallelujah. Last time. Last time. This morning, I just begin to envision it. She took that string off of that apron, went took it off and she hung it up. She took that laid it up on that nail and she said, "Last time." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And I was on a walk this morning and I was making my laps on my three-mile walk and I turned the corner at Andrew's house and I begin to think about hanging that apron on the nail. And it hit me one of these mornings I'm going to take chemo last time. Woo! Woo! Woo! Come on, church. Your last time is on the way. The devil's been boogering you up. Why don't you tell him you're coming to your last time? I want you to know I'm putting up with you for your last times. I'm leaving. This is more than a story. She put her wedding dress on. You can stand. Musicians can come. She put her wedding dress on the message and she put it on and it was perfect. It was perfect. She wasn't wearing somebody else's dress. She wearing her dress. Her dress. And it fit just right. You married girls, you know what I'm talking about. You You put that dress on and today's the day and you stand in front of that long mirror and you turn around and you do that turn. And after a little while, you do another one. And you do another one cuz it's your turn. Today's your day. No more dishes for that bunch. No more putting up with that bunch. No more. I'm going to a city whose builder makers God. I'm going to a place I'm going to a place where we're going to spend eternity. like a man that was a preacher was standing just before they cut his head off [Music] and the executioner was standing there and he said, "Sir, can I give you something?" He said, "I've never got a gift standing here." He said, "Where I'm going, I won't need this no more." [Music] I won't need this no more. I want you to take it. The executioner took that man's watch and he wore it the rest of his life because he became a Christian and he became a preacher. That preacher's last sermon was just exercising. This is the last time I want to watch this. And more than a story happened when he took his watch off and hand it to him. [Music] You was invited here maybe many years ago and this became more than a church. This became more than a community of believers. This become life. You'd heard about people that were real. You'd heard about those real Christians, but you didn't know what it was like. [Music] But then the story become real to you. It makes a tremendous difference between their story and your story. [Music] Brother David Pierce has asked for prayer this morning. [Music] what seems like impossible. [Music] David had never thought himself in in this church or any church. [Music] The history book was thick for him. Failure after failure after failure. How did you get here? I tell you, God rewrote the book. [Music] Brother Dave, won't you come? Brother Dave, won't you come? I want you to pray with me. You're so holy. [Music] So wonderful. Such an awesome God. Was so selfless. So generous, so faithful. [Music] Seated in majesty, raining in holy name. [Music] The table is set for me. [Music] You are the living [Music] such an awesome God. Oh, so mighty. So [Music] was so wonderful. Such an awesome God. Was so selfless. So Jim, [Music] so faithful you are. You're such an awesome God. Oh, so mighty. You're so holy, [Music] so wonderful. You're such an awesome God. You're so selfless. So generous, [Music] so faithful. [Music] You call the snow to rise and you laid him down. [Music] You hold this heart of mine. And you hold my [Music] breath. Such an awesome God. Oh, so mighty. [Music] Oh, so holy. [Music] Oh, so wonderful. You're such an awesome God. So s [Music] So faithful. Oh, such an awesome God. Such an awesome God. Was so mighty. [Music] So holy. Oh, so wonderful. [Music] was such an awesome God. We saw [Music] faithful. He was such an awesome God. [Music] Yes. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] So great. [Music] you. I rather have Jesus than silver or gold. I'd rather be his than have riches untold. [Music] I'd rather have Jesus than have his own land. Oh, I rather be he lay by his name. fear. Oh, then to be a king of the last [Music] glory. Won't you behave in singing fresh way? [Music] Oh, I'd rather [Music] have Jesus [Music] than he [Music] today. [Music] Oh, I rather at Jesus than a clause. I'd rather be faithful to his dear call. I'd rather have Jesus [Music] than wor [Music] I rather be he true to his whole holy name. more than to be [Music] a king. Don't me to behave. [Music] It see [Music] Oh, I glad that Jesus me. [Music] [Music] Love him. Love you. He calls he first love me. Oh, and he pers my [Applause] salation. [Music] more [Music] tree. I love him. I love him. Oh, I love him. [Music] love me because he love me. Oh, and he proved [Music] just my salary. [Music] Let's sing it one more time. I love you. Oh, I love you. I love you. Oh, because he love me. And he brought sal [Music] [Music] I was there when it happened. And I guess I ought to know. Oh, the way that Jesus saved me, saved my soul. Oh, the way that he forgave me, made me whole. Oh, he washed. Oh, my heavy heavy load. Oh, Satan can't make me doubting. That's why I'm going to shout him. Oh, Lord. Well, I was there when it happened. And I guess I ought to know to see it again. I was there when it happened [Music] to know. Oh yes. Oh the way that Jesus saved me, saved my soul. The way for gave me, made me whole. Oh, he broke. Oh, my heavy, heavy load. [Music] Oh, Satan can't make me down here. That's why I want to shout him. Oh, Lord. Well, I was there when it happened. And I guess I want to move. [Music] Bless your [Music] father. [Music] Bless insurance. [Music] Maybe playful. [Music] I'll find it. [Music] season. He's been my fourth man time after time of his spirit, washed in his blood. And what he did for me on Calvary is more than enough. Oh, I trust in God. Oh my go [Music] He will never fail. Will I trust in God? Oh myior the one who will never fail. [Music] He will never fail. [Music] Perfect submission. All is that [Music] and I know the other tomorrow is ordering. Oh, this is my story. [Music] This is my song. I'm praising my rising king and savior for the king. [Music] Majesty God who [Music] will be [Music] my God. Oh my gosh. [Music] the Lord. And he heard and he answered. I saw the Lord. And he heard and he answered. I saw the Lord. And he heard. And he answered. That's why I trust him. That's why I trust. I saw the Lord. And he and he saw the Lord. And he and he saw the Lord. And he and he trusted. That's why I trust in God. Oh my s are the one who will never [Music] fail. [Music] Oh, I trust in my trust in God. Oh, my savior the one who will never fail. Oh, he will never fail. [Music] Oh, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Oh, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Oh, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We are going see the king. Well, no more crying there. We are going to see your dismiss this morning. God richly bless each one of you. We are going to see the king. There we no more cryp. We are going to see the king. Well, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. We are going to sing. Well, soon and very soon we are going seeking. Well, soon and very soon we are going seeking. Well, soon and very soon we are going seeking. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We are going see the king. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
