################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-05 - Bro. Wayne Lawson - ‘Redemption Claims - The Opening Of The Word Pt 3’ - (Thurs 3/13/2025) - Wayne Lawson - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-05
Title:   Bro. Wayne Lawson - ‘Redemption Claims - The Opening Of The Word Pt 3’ - (Thurs 3/13/2025)
Speaker: Wayne Lawson
Church:  True Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5RVZuV5KRQ
========================================

Let's stand tonight where the Wayne comes. Oh, to Jesus I [Music] surrender. All to him I freely give. [Music] I will ever love him. I surrender. I surrender all. [Music] is I surrender [Music] all to thee my blessed savior I surrender all This all to Jesus I humbly oh humbly at his feet I worldly pleasures worldly pleasures all forsaken and take me [Music] Jesus take me down. Oh I sder all. [Music] I surrender all to thee. My blessed is my surrender. [Applause] All is all to Jesus I [Music] surrender. Make me savior holy. Let me feel. Let me feel the Holy Spirit truly [Music] know. Oh, I surrender all. Yes, I surrender all. Oh, I surrender all your soul to thee, my blessed Savior. I surrender all. Can we truly sing this now? Yes. all to Jesus. I Lord I give myself Lord I give myself. Fill me with thy love and power. Fill me with thy love. Let thy blessing fall on me. Thy blessing fall. I surrender. Oh, I surrender all. [Music] I surrender all to thee my [Music] blessing my serant to all. Now let's praise him with this verse. All to Jesus. All to Jesus. I surrender now I feel. Thank you Lord. Oh the joy of salvation. Yes. Oh the joy of sal. Glory, glory. Yes, Lord. Glory to his name. I serve him. [Music] My blessed [Music] Savior all. Amen. Amen. That's our heart's desire tonight. Amen. Is to give him every little portion. Amen. that he might be the ruler and the reigner of our lives. And we want to tonight, it's um on our heart here, a few things that we've been been speaking just before we uh took a a couple days off here. We uh we're looking at the opening of the word and I want to continue there. Uh but just before we read the Bible tonight, can we just ask the Lord uh to bless his word? Father, we come to the house of the Lord tonight, Lord, believing that you would meet us here, Lord. We believe truly that your grace, Lord, reaches, Lord, far beyond even the hand of judgment. And we thank you tonight, Lord, that you have met us, Lord, in our place. And you gave us the grace to believe this great word that you've sent in this age. And Lord Jesus, you put it in our heart and you you made it so real to us that it became our life. Now I pray tonight, Father, as we would speak on some of these things, I pray that Lord, may the spirit of revelation, may it grip the heart of your your people, Lord. Father, may it comfort them and strengthen them. And Lord, set them a new of flames in their hearts and courage and strength for the future. We ask tonight if there be any sick among us, may you heal them, Lord. Father, and we ask you now, may you bless the reading of your word, Father, instruct us in this. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. And God bless you. If you have your Bibles tonight, uh we want to read in the word of God. And uh I I want to read uh 1 Thessalonians chapter 4 and verse 16. I have uh uh several more scriptures to go. Uh but I I I'll get to them along the way. So we want to just just for a scripture reading uh for 1 Thessalonians chapter 4 uh uh verse 16. For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and with the trump of God, and the dead in Christ shall rise first. May God bless the reading of the word. As you could be seated tonight, I'm going to be speaking to you tonight on the opening of the word part three. I'm going to speak to you a little bit tonight about redemption claims. About redemption claims. Now, when we are uh talking about the opening of the word, what we're really discussing with you is the is the ministry of William Brham uh which would have been the third part of his ministry. It was the time when a prophet took the word and begin to uh outline and detail the teachings on the things of God which would usher the church into uh it would usher them into another dispensation. So we're talking about the dispensational changes and how that this had taken place. And I I find that in the book of Thessalonians here, it's a powerful reading because before the time that brother Brandham uh preached the message of the rapture, do you realize that there had been nobody teach the actual full truth on the rapture from the time of Paul all the way the time of brother Brandham? So all the things that was written between the times, amen, become tradition such as brother Nathan was speaking on Sunday morning that people would begin to believe this about it and they believe something else about it and they begin to believe something else about it. But the Bible is clear that God doesn't anything until first he sends a prophet. And if surely if it was going to be something so important as the rapture of the church, he would have to send a prophet. Didn't Paul actually call the rapture a mystery when he said it, I'll show you a mystery how you will not all sleep, but you shall be changed. So, it took a prophet to unlock that mystery. Now, I I'm not going to spend a long time there, but I want to just say this for this portion. For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout. The spirit of the Lord, where the spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty. Now, it says in the book of Corinthians that the Lord is that spirit. Amen. that spirit of liberty that that opens up the word. The Lord himself, Christ himself would descend from heaven. But he would do it differently than the theologians traditionally had you thinking because everyone was thinking it was just going to be just like that and it's all going to be over in just one moment. But we didn't realize that there had to come a shout and and that shout would be if you've heard the opening of the seven thunders. The symbology has been removed and we can read the Bible plainly now and we could see easily that the shout is the message of William Brandom. Amen. It's not just the message of brother Brandham. It's the third pull of his message. So it's it's not the a it's not the days of preparation. It was the days when the message was being preached. Amen. Now it was the Lord himself. So it's a shout. So that's the first thing God does to rapture the church is to put a shout out. The next thing that happens is the message that is preached becomes preeminent in the church and it's called the voice of resurrection. In other words, you are the voice of the resurrection. The same as the grain out in the field in the in the fall of the year. That grain tells the farmer when harvest comes. The farmer don't tell the grain when harvest comes. The grain tells the farmer when harvest comes. And so is the bride, the voice of resurrection. Her maturity speaks her resurrection. Her maturity in the word calls for Christ to come and receive them for they're ready to go. That's the voice of the resurrection. That's what we would also call the second part of the adoption of the church. The first part, the shout is the tutorship. The second part is the voice or the preeminence. And we know the fullness of adoption is the changing of our body. Is that right? So you see the three phases of adoption laid out clearly in 1 Thessalonians 4. There has to be a tutorship. There has to be a living out what is taught. And then there is a taking away. Amen. Or a body change. The trump is the change of the body. Now I'm saying that because brother Random said, see three things have to happen. A shout is the message going forth. It's the living bread bringing forth the bride. Now God has a way of doing thing and he never changes his policies. He's the unchanging God. Now he quotes Amos the third chapter and the seventh verse. He would do nothing and in the earth until first he revealed it to the servants the prophet. Now so let's say it real plainly. The message of William Brandham is the shout of 1 Thessalonians 4. And the shout is the third pull of brother Brandham's ministry. So the revival of the church today is not under the first pull. Our revival does not exist under the second pull of his ministry. But the the revival of the bride exists under the opening of the word of God. Amen. If you're going to have an unending revival that's going to last more than just the feeling that that falls on the church, it has to be established in the word. See, because no matter how you feel, this Bible reads the same every day. When you're in a good mood, I'm the bride. When I'm in a bad mood, I'm the bride. When I'm on the mountain, I'm the bride. When I'm in the valley, I'm the bride. It is a sustaining revelation that brings the church into that authority of the adoption in the day that we're living in. I'm just going to say it real plainly that you cannot come to adoption outside of the message of William Brandham. It is, let's say it real plain, okay? The adoption is the message. It's coming under the headship of the message of the hour. Amen. Amen. So, so I can prove that a hundred ways, but we'll move on. Amen. Now, what that's dealing with is that you come under the word of God. You you you you you have allowed the word to come. It's the word of the hour. Now, when brother sees the vision of the third pull, you all know he says that he says that he saw it and and uh and we're going to get into this a little later, but you know, he seen that vision of the third pull and it was about a tent vision. Amen. And it was about how that God told him uh he he moved to that little room. He said, "And I'll meet you in there, and that'll be the third pull." Is that right? He says, "I'll meet you in there, and that will be the third pull." I love how he says it. "I'll meet you in there, and that will be the third pull." But he said the other day up in Sabino Canyon, he said, "I was praying and when that sword came into my hand," he says, "This is the third pull." See, in 1956, he said, "It will be the third pull." But in Sabino's canyon when that sword came in his hand, he said this is the third pull. So we move from it will be till it is. Amen. In other words, the church is not waiting for their revival. We're we're not looking for a personality to rise up on the scene that's going to lead us into this great revival. Amen. But you find out where the revival came is when the person of Christ came into the church. And you can have a revival with, Amen. three local brothers. Amen. Amen. Because of the message of the hour. Amen. It's done away with personalities and brought us to the person of Jesus Christ. This isn't about me building up my ministry. It's about us building up the ministry of Christ inside the heart of the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. To establish the kingdom of God. Brother Bam said, "I'll meet you in there and that will be the third pool." But in Sabino Canyon, this will be the third pool. And they won't nobody, you won't tell nobody about this. And he didn't. Amen. He hid it till he till he passed. And then they released the second part of the tape which says it. And Sabinho, he said this is the third pull. Now watch. We find out then that what is that third pull? It is the sword in the hand. That's the symbology is the sword, right? And we all know that the word of God is God's sword. Amen. That is the Bible says that the word is the sword of the spirit. Amen. It is his sword. So, brother Bradom will uh in the anointed ones of the end time, he'll come in again and he'll say, "Now, notice the very day when this messenger starts, when he begins to declare his message, the first pull will be healing." Now, do we still believe in healing? Of course we do. But our revival is not a healing revival. Amen. The second pool is a prophesying. In other words, a discerning of the hearts. Now, does the word still discern hearts? Absolutely. If you've ever sat under an anointed man of God, you've had your heart read. You've had your story told. But it's not the Messiah sign that was applied to the message of William Brham that was vindicating one man to tell you the truth concerning what was coming in the third pull. Now he says, "Then the third pull is the opening of the word." Amen. So let's say it together. The third pull is the opening of the word. Amen. I'm not trying to treat you. I want you to to to hear yourself say it. The third pull is the opening of the word. It's not some great mystery you can't understand. It's not some big uh uh oh, that's a buzz word. You Oh, you got to be careful around that third pull stuff. Listen, the tradition is dead. It's dead. Amen. that we are alive with the resurrected one among us tonight and that third pool is the opening of the word which you are a part of by predestination. So then the message is what is opening up the true interpretation of your life. Why you are here is because of the message of the hour. You are written epistles that have been written by the hand of the living God. Spirit spoken sons and daughters of God. Amen. You are not a tape. You are not a book. You are a living epistle that has been read. Amen. Of all men. When men look around, they should be able to see manifested sons of God in the age we're living in. That's what this message produces. It does not produce church members. It does not produce leodysans. It produces manifested sons of the living God who operate under the divine power of the living God. Oh my. No. Tell him what will happen when the church fully comes under that word. Amen. Do you see that third pull is the opening of the word. The mysteries revealed. And there is not a higher order to reveal that word than a prophet. And the only way a prophet can be vindicated is by that word. And remember that third pull. Now watch, he didn't say it's the opening of the word. One place, now watch what he says, was the opening of them seven seals. So the opening of the word is the opening of seven seals. To reveal the hidden truth that's been sealed in the word. So the message is not bringing something that's not written in the word. It's revealed of what's hidden in the word. Amen. It's what's hidden in the word. It's the opening of the word. Now, brother Brandon will say it and look away to Jesus. Now, that's a powerful sermon. Look away to Jesus. He says it like this. He says, "Everyone knows the first was identified. Second has been identified." And we think real close you that are spiritual. And the Bible said that here is to him that has wisdom. The third pool is properly identified. We know where it is. The third pull is here now because because you've been birthed in a word church. That's not big news to you. You're waiting for the news and that means we done our job. That means you're a welltaught individual because you're like, "We know that, brother Wayne." And I say, "Thank God. Thank God that doesn't remain a mystery even in our young people." Amen. Because see, Amen. It's not just an emotional move happening in True Word Tabernacle. It is a word experience, a word birth. Now, we get awfully excited about that. But the basis of the word of God is where every heart can stand. No matter where we are, no matter what is happening, there's a there's a place to stand that you'll be able to stand against every w the enemy puts at you. The third pull is properly identified. So when somebody comes by and says, "Well, we're expecting Brother Bam to bring a big tent and you preachers need to just play tapes till it gets here." Amen. You know what you can say? Oh, wait a minute, buddy. Wait a minute. Brother Bam said the third pull was here back in 1963. They said, "Well, it's going to be this and it's going to be this and it's going to be this." And I tell them like this. I'm not going to argue about what it will be, but I certainly know it's here and what it's doing now. And that's what I'm interested in is it's doing exactly what he said it would do. It would create a bride and would be able to go home. Amen. To meet her, Isaac. I believe that. I believe the third pull is here. It's the opening of the word. Now, if you start using terms to kind of describe the third pull is the opening of the word. The third pull was preaching to souls in prison. Amen. And it's also the creation by the spoken word. Amen. Remember, brother Bam said the third pull is to the total lost. But it's for the bride. I like that one. It's to the lost, but it's for the bride. It's not for somebody else. It's for you. Other people will hear it. Amen. But it will be judgment to them, but rather it is a blessing to you. See, it's creation by the word. Now, what is that third pull? See, three pulls. First two pulls 1947, brother met the angel in the cave. received two pulls. But in 1956, he saw another vision which spoke of the third part of his ministry which would be the fulfillment of the scriptures of Luke 17 and Malachi 4 and Revelations 10. It would be the fulfilling of it. And there is where God promised to meet the prophet was in the fulfilling of his word in the end time in this age. Now we know of five manifestations. Is that right? Five manifestations of the third pole. I'm just teaching a moment and we'll move along. But there's five manifestations. Now, probably any of our young people could name those five manifestations. If you start thinking a minute, five manifestations of that third pull where it made itself known. And brother Bamma identifies them in the sermon, look away to Jesus. Now, he's telling us that Jesus is the word interpreted. He's the word living word. So when he says look away to Jesus, he's not pointing you to the nailed scarred body of Nazareth. He says, "Look away to Jesus." And then starts naming the manifestations of the third pull that has happened among you. Amen. Now, let's let's just real quickly, I'm not going to preach through them because it take you all night just for those, but I'll just put out five of them. Remember, he created them squirrels, right? And then he spoke to that fish and then Amen. Then he spoke to that cancer and then he spoke to that storm and then he created squirrels. Amen. and and we we find five times uh that this was used, Amen, in a prophet's life. So I I I don't I you the potential is there for any believer all the time. But please don't think you're going to walk around every day and poof, you're gone and poof, you're gone and but because you you put the wrong interpretation to manifested sons and make it about just what you can do rather than what you can surrender to. Somebody said, "Well, amen. If it's that, it'd be a great big ministry. Brother Bram said Elijah didn't have that kind of ministry and even Jesus or Moses didn't. Jesus said, "I do that which pleases my father." He didn't just go around say, "I we'll do this and do this and do this and do this." He waited till the leadership come and then he followed it. I'm I'm I'm quoting scripture. John 14, Jesus said, "Yet a little while the world see me no more, but you shall see me for I will be with you even in you to the end of the earth." And then the Bible said Judas not as scariot said Lord how is it that you will show yourself unto the world a to us and the world not see you. He said because I will manifest myself unto you and he that loveth me will do my commandments. In other words when the word is fulfilled you'll be seeing me in the life of that believer. And the whole earth has been waiting for sons that can handle amen the very creative power of God. Amen. and not be arrogant and high-minded. Amen. But operate under the humility of the word of God. Amen. Amen. Now, I that's another whole sermon. But but we find out this. We we see that those manifestations, Amen. brought forth the proof that it was vindication that it was God speaking, not a man. You know, a man couldn't create. You know that. Now, the Bible tells us that what we were looking for was the opening to them seven seals. And I'll just say from the breach, brother Bam said the seven seal book. Remember it was closed in Revelations the 5th chapter and in Revelations the 10th chapter is opened. Have you ever noticed that a mighty angel comes down out of heaven. He has an open book in his hand. That open book of Revelations 10 is the closed book of Revelations 5. And brother Bam says, "Now we're going to see what the book says about how it become open." I love that. Don't you? Amen. He's going to take the book that's open and going to tell you how it became open. Amen. So what he's going to show you is is that his ministry is a part of the opening of that book. Now, brother Benam will say it this. He says, "Now it's not made until the l known until the lamb takes the book and breaks the seals and opens the book." And the lamb, he's got to take that book. Now it's hid. And remember, no man, no man in heaven or earth, no pope, no bishop, no cardinal, no state protest, wherever it is, can break them seals and reveal that book. But it's got to be the lamb, right? Amen. It's been probed at, presumed at, stumbled at, wondered at, and reasoned at. Amen. See, but something's got to come to tell us what it is. Vindicated truth. Yeah. With these divine promises, this this book of redemption will be perfectly opened by the lamb and the seals will be loose by the lamb in the last days in which we're living now. I love that. I love that. In the last days, which we are living now. In other words, it will be a complete secret until the seventh angel sounds. Amen. Somebody tells you they had the revelation of the book before brother Brandham had it. Forget it, man. Just forget it. Amen. Do you see what it is? Here's the book of redemption. Now, Brother Brandham preaching in the breach, 1963 on March the 17th. Boy, we're getting close, aren't we? He's preaching the breach, March the 17th. Amen. And it's the it's the introductory service to the seven seals. And he's making the breach between seven seals and the seven church ages. He He is standing in the gap, right? He's a prophet. He's the one in the breach. He's pulling together the dispensations. He's a John between the Old Testament and Jesus Christ. And he's pulling the dispensation. He is the gap. He's the breach between the two of them. And he's standing there preaching. Amen. The changing of the dispensation. Look. Now, what he's going to do is he's going to Amen. I I I if you ever listen to it, go to par paragraph 157 and hear what he's talking about. Revelations 5. And he said, "And a strong angel proclaiming with a loud voice, who is worthy to open the book and to take the book and was able to loose the seals?" He said, "The angel asked it." John saw it. He said, "And no one was worthy." Or maybe I'm just feeling this way. Brother Bram said, "But let him that's worthy." Amen. Let let him said the angel. Here's the book of redemption. Here's the plan of redemption. Here's the only way to ever be redeemed. Here's the title deed of redemption. The whole earth. Let him hold come forward now if he will. Let him speak or forever hold his peace. It sound like a wedding, don't it? Let him speak or forever hold his peace. Let him come forward and claim that book. Who is worthy to do it? Amen. That's pretty powerful, isn't it? Who is worthy to do it? Now, he's reading Revelations the 5th chapter and he's quoting that angel. Who is worthy to do it? Now, Brother Brandham is the one standing in the pull pit saying to the church, who is worthy to come and take the book? Let him that is come forward. Now, so he's telling I'm going to introduce the one that has the ability to open these things to the church of the living God. Now, what he's dealing with, watch the reason he says no man is worthy because he goes back into the breach and said, "Adam sin by heeding to his wife's reasoning." Instead of holding on to the word of God, that's what made Adam sin. His wife reasoned and he then produced to the product to Adam and Adam turned loose the word and sold out and lost his inheritance. When he lost his fellowship and the right to the tree of life now when he lost his life he lost the right to the inheritance in that life. Yeah. So there's an inheritance in life and Adam lost it when in other words he let me just say this book of Revelations 5 and Revelations 10 was in the hands of Adam. Now now you were in that book and we're just going to use it and type it as a book. You were in that book then, right? And had Adam and Eve held on to that book, every one of you would have been manifest in the Garden of Eden by the spoken word. You would have bypassed your sex birth. You would have come in there by spoken word and you would have went directly into theophony to glorify it and you would have never ever had the trials that you have tonight. Amen. But Adam now, oh my goodness, he let the devil talk it out of him. He let Eve, can you imagine Eve holding the the very right entitled deed to the whole earth and and and Satan reasoned her out of it. She let it slip right out of her hands. Can you imagine? Now, now, now if you can see what it was that they released, you can see tonight what you receiving when you go back and you look and you say, "Oh my, they gave up the right to the tree of life. They gave up the fellowship with God. They gave up these wonderful things. They gave up the title deed of inheritance. They gave up the creation by the spoken word." If you can see what they gave up, you can see what you're being offered in the age that you're living in. This is the return of the title deed of redemption. And you are accepting what Eve turned down in the Garden of Eden. And let me say right now, there ain't no websites and there ain't no Jebusites and there ain't no YouTube going to talk this man out of their title deed of redemption to eternal life. I don't care what they got to say about it. I don't even want to hear what they say to God about Listen, if Eve would have turned around and walked away from that devil, Amen. she could have stayed in a paradise, but the devil talked her out of a paradise. Isn't it something tonight when the devil starts whispering to you and he'll talk you out of a paradise? I say tonight, what you ought to do is turn your ear off to that nonsense of that devil and hold on to the things of God that you might hold the tree of life by your hands. You got a right to it tonight. You got a right. That's what he lost and that's what Jesus was going to redeem for the church. Now watch because here we find out. Brother Bam said he lost his inheritance of the earth. He passed to the hands of of the devil, Satan. He sold his faith into God's to he sold his faith in God to Satan's reasonings. Therefore, the eternal life, his right to the tree of life, his right to the earth that belonged, he forfeited it into the hands. Now, you've often heard of us talk about redemptive rights. All right? That's why we call it redemptive rights is because it was forfeited rights by Adam and it's redeemed rights by Jesus Christ. So, what we're dealing with tonight is redemptive rights that belong to the church. We didn't have nothing to do with losing them and we don't have nothing to do with buying them back. Hallelujah. All we got to do tonight is accept what is being offered by the grace of God. You can't work this up, folks. And you can't work this up. Well, we'll get more love. You know, we'll get more brotherly love. We'll get more. We I tell you, when we get all the way up there, we're going to climb and climb and climb when we get up there. Come on, folks. Why does it say grace grace on the top of that pyramid? Because it'll be the grace of God that brings you up there. It'll have to be a message that lifts you out of the age that we're in by the word of God. Revelation striking the heart. Now, when that when that book left the hands of Adam, where'd it go? Brother Ram said it couldn't go to the hands of that greasy devil. He said it went back to the hands of the original owner and God himself held it because it had his possessions. It had it had the bride was in that book. He wasn't going to let the devil a hold of you. Do you know this? You never been lost a day in your life. Come on, church. The Bible said he died for you before the foundations of the world and put your name on the lamb's book of life before the foundations of the world. And you have never been in the hands of that greasy devil. Your first birth put you in the cosmos which belong to the devil. and you come under his claims and rights. But this message come to declare that before the devil ever got a hold of you, you belong to God and God's grace come upon your life. And we're here tonight to notify the devil, this message is here to bring the children of God back out of this cosmos and dead world that we're living in. Hallelujah. Glory to God. I certainly believe it. Brother Bam said it went out of the hands of of of Adam into the hands of God. He said, "What's it doing there?" Waiting for redemption claims. Waiting for redemption claims. He made a way of redemption. He made a bay back. Someday there was going to be a redeemer bring it back. Amen. Now think about this. What does redemption means? The redemption of that book would mean everything that was legally lost, we now legally possess. Yeah. Amen. Everything that Adam and Eve lost. Amen. Oh my. What that ought to do to a born again Christian, the legal possession of that abstract title deed of eternal life means you possess everything that Adam and Eve lost. Whoa. What of it, brethren? The possession of that deed. I love Brother Francis years ago here. He he brought the three things. I thought they were great. Three things, right? The right to the tree of life, the right to fellowship. Amen. and the right to inheritance or life. Amen. What is it? Amen. We we we know this that that book was waiting. Now, if you read Revelations 5, go to Revelation 5 and verse one and let's watch uh uh the story that John tells when he sees this redemption process taking place. Watch what he says. Revelation 5:1, he said, "I saw in the right hand of him that sat on the throne a book written within on the backside sealed with seven seals." That's the book Adam had. Right? But the devil couldn't have it and God kept it. And brother Bram said it was waiting for redemption claims. He says, "But in the second verse, John being the bride said, I saw a strong angel proclaiming with a loud voice, who is worthy to open that book and to loose the seals thereof." Now, it's amazing if if if you don't throw me out now. I don't want to choke you to death, but you could hear that with your own ears on March the 17th of 1963 when brother Brandham says, "Who is worthy to open this book, let him come now or forever?" There's only one seventh angel, folks. Amen. Had that had that book not been introduced at that time, there would not have been Amen. a redemption of the church. Now you said, "Brother Wayne, the cross, but Malachi 4 said unless he sends Elijah, the whole thing would be burn up by a curse." Is that right? Amen. Now, we'll get into it just a moment. Amen. He was able to say, "Let him come forward." Now, why was Brother Benham able to do it? because he knew it was his position to do it. That's right. And he knew what it required for something to take it. Now, when the Bible said who is worthy to take that book, I will say this, the worthiness of the one to take that book had to do with a right that someone had to have that book. And no different than if you went and pond your favorite gun and and and and you did it cheap because you want to hurry up and get down there and get it back and somebody else went down there and said, "Oh, you got that 45 caliber." They pond it for 100 bucks. I'll take it. The guy said, "No, you can't have it. You got no right to it." Just because it's in pond don't mean anybody can get it out. It takes the owner to do it. Or somebody with the ticket. Well, but you but you see that the scripture says that it had to be a kinsman. Now you know that word kinsman. It means in the Old Testament the law was that if something was lost now just real quickly in in the Old Testament God gave him the land of Israel and every 50 years he restored it. It'd be like me. I give you a house and I say now if you get any debt on that house 50 years I'm going to clear all the debt and give it back to you. Yeah. That's that's exactly what God done with Israel. He said, "Every 50 years, I'll blow the trumpet and if you got any debts or you're you you you're sold out, you're going to go back because the land belonged to God and the people belong to God." And he said, "I can put you on there if I want to. I got the first act. I got the first right. So don't do dealings with those Jews cuz you're going to lose." Amen. Cuz God just forgives them and puts them back. Amen. Now, but but you watch. But but the people that redeemed it had to be a kinsman, right? They in other words, they had to have inheritance in the land. And and I'll just say this because God used Joshua to divide the land by families. So a family owned that portion of land, Reuben or or or or uh what whatever maybe tribe that they were under. They owned that portion and it stayed within that and and and it's a story laid out. My goodness, I hate time. But but the story is laid out in the book of Jeremiah when the children of Israel are going from Jerusalem to Babylon for 70 years. And God tells Jeremiah, "Sell your property to your cousin, your uncle's son, because when 70 years is up, we're going to come back and he's going to be able to have rights to this property." Right? So, the kinsmanship was there. Now, if you're if you're a student of the word, you're going to you're going to ask yourself, what is the process of redemption then? What what is the process of redemption that all the way in the end time 2,000 years after Christ that that book would still be in the hands of him that's on the throne? How is this possible? Because it's not until you go and study the book of Ruth. How many knows the book of Ruth is the book of redemption of the Bible? And you study the book of Ruth. Of course, people who study the book of Ruth, most of the most of the theologians says it's just a love story and it's of no pertinence at all to the church. But brother Brandham said there's a hidden revelation there. If you catch the meaning of it, it'll bring you close to God. Can I say it a little clearer to you? If you catch the revelation, it'll get you redemption. Redemption is what's hid in the book of Ruth of how that a gentile woman could become the wife of a great man in Israel. It stories written in here and and and Ruth is laid out. Now, if you don't know who Ruth is, Ruth and and the Bible calls her, I think, Ofra and and and Naomi. Now, Naomi was a woman who lived in Israel and had a wonderful family and and the and the Bible tells us that a famine come and they moved out and went down to Moab and she had a couple sons and they married into the families down to Moabs and and they was priests, Moab priests and things and uh uh uh they married the girls out of the out of the priesthood even and it was just a real mingling up. It wasn't long after they got down there, a holocaust struck. And I'll just give you a real quick run over the book of Ruth and and a holocaust struck. Of course, we see the same thing in the 1940s. Israel out of their homeland. Holocaust strikes. What's the first thing Israel do? They start returning home. When the Holocaust strikes Naomi, what she do? She heads home. Amen. And when she gets ready to go home, her daughter-in-laws are following her. She said, "Wait a minute. I don't have any sons to give you any seed. You might as well just stay in your country. Amen. And and and one of the daughter-in-laws said, "Oh, that'd be great. I'll go back to my old gods." Brother man said, "There's that borderline Christian." Turns around whenever little struggle comes up or little problem. Well, they go right back to the world, right back to God. Amen. But there was a roof there that couldn't be shook off. She said, "Wait a minute." No. She said, "I lodge where you lodge and I go where you go, and I cleave unto you." Brother Bram said, "There today is still real Ruth among the church." And those that have made their decision that no matter what happens, no, no matter what takes place, I'm I'm going to stay with Christ. He said, "There she is. That's that real Christian. That's that real, you know, preacher said something I don't like. I don't think I'm coming back." That wasn't Ruth. Matter of fact, if you read the story, Naomi tried to convince her to go back and she couldn't be persuaded. That sounds like Elisha, don't it? When Elijah said, "Just keep going back." He said, "No, sir. No, sir. There's a promise up ahead. I want a part of what's going on up there." A and the scriptures detail how Ruth Amen. A gentile moabitetist uh uh uh came into the land of Israel. Now, here's the beautiful part, folks. Do you know when she came back to Israel, she came in during harvest season? Yes, sir. And it was barley harvest season. Do you know what barley harvest is in Israel? It's Passover. That's when they come out of Egypt and also when they went in the promised land. Do you think it's mishap that this gentile woman is coming in with Naomi at the time of Passover and Exodus? When the when the church of the living God returns back to their true homeland of Christ, so does Israel. Now, I know the I know the scriptures and the Bible said in book of Matthew, I'm just going to preach. I ain't got time to read. You go in the book of Matthew and you see the Bible says that when you see the olive tree putting forth its branches, the fig tree, know the season is not. Even at the door. Is that what it says? Even at the door. Read the church ages. Behold, I come quickly. Behold, I come quickly. Behold, I come quickly. Seventh age, I stand at the door. What is it? Amen. It's the presence of his coming. So, the Bible said when the fig tree put forth their food. But it's another scripture in the book of Luke that said when the fig tree and all other trees put forth their for their fruit then you know the hour. So the gentile has a tree as well. And what is that gentile? Brother Brandon said it was Oral Roberts and Billy Graham and it was that last messenger. Amen. And they were bringing revivals. Now folks, I ain't left the thought yet. Because you see that the same time the Jews were returning to their homeland, the bride of Christ was getting a gentile prophet who was bringing them to the Boaz of Christ in this age. They was happening at the same time. Book of Ruth happened at the same time. And that time was a time of Passover. Y'all know what Passover is? It's new beginnings. So, she was going to get a brand new beginning. It was going to be all things passed away and behold, all things are becoming new. But it was going to be when she got into that land. Amen. She got there at the right timing. Hallelujah. I know God's got timing for the church. I I know it's right on time. Amen. And it's perfect in its order. And when she gets there, sure enough, it's seasoned. They're broke. They have nothing. And Naomi says to her, "I have a kinsman up on the hill. Let's just dramatize it." He says, "Go on up there and you go up and get into that field and start working." And the scripture tells us after she was out there working and she working in the field trying to glean a little bit of barley. Amen. Here comes Boaz descending on his horse. I like that. Don't you hear that? Descending. Amen. He started descending into that field. And so happened she was in the field he would descend into. Oh, come on, church. Y'all know the prophet said he's opening up to us now a new field, the field of the son of man. And if the bride is working in that field, it is the field of his descension. And as he's descending into the field, he asks, "Who is this woman?" And she's identified. And he gets interested. And he says, "How could I claim this woman? Yeah. How could I take her as my own? Who are you? Where are you from? Oh, Naomi is your mother-in-law. Now look at this. She ain't got any husband that can give her seed. Her husband's dead. Pentecost can't give seed to the bride. It's dead, right? And she needs to be redeemed. But no redemption is going to come outside of being pregnantated by the seed of that word. And watch what happens when she goes to Naomi. Now folks, you you hear the prophet and sometimes you hear him deeper. And I want to hear him deeper on this point. He said when Ruth went to Naomi and she said, "What should I do?" The Bible says Naomi instructed her in the law of kinsmen. She she taught her how to go into that field and then to go to his feet and taught her how the process to be redeemed. Brother said Naomi is a representative of the Old Testament teaching the New Testament bride the story of redemption. In other words, you don't know how Revelation 5 works until you have read the book of Ruth. It is a process of redemption. It's not that he just plucked her out. It's the process of redemption. It goes through a process. Oh, you got something on your you got something on your credit score that you want to get off. It don't go poof gone. There's a process. You contact somebody, this happens, that happens, and it's removed. Amen. And to bring this bride back to glory. There was a process of the redemption of this bride. And that process began with Christ. When Christ come, watch what he done. He died on Calvar's tree, right? He died on the tree, but that was only the payment for your sins. That book was still in the hand of the father sitting on the throne, but the sin debt was paid. Listen, and he he took care of it. I I got a whole section I'll have to preach later on the merits. How many How many ever thought about the merit? How you going to get to heaven? You ever think about that? You ever you ever you ever study in Catholic doctrine? They got a whole treasury of merit. Y'all know that? Yeah. Do you know that when they baptize a Catholic, that's the work and process towards salvation, justification lays on the other side of of the communion and they go in through the sacraments and they start getting through the sanctify and they start building up merit to get to the place of justification that that what they really believe is you got to sanctify before you justify. Oh, how they missed it. Amen. Justification is by faith and faith alone. There is no merits outside of the marriage of Jesus Christ. There was no one worthy. The Bible said there was no man worthy. There's no angel worthy. There's nobody that could die for you but God. The God of glory. Brother Bam said he took on the robe form of a man and become kin folks to you and I that he might come down in humanity and die to shed his blood and he would buy and pay for you. Come on. Redemption buying back redeeming Ruth is redeeming the bride. How'd he do it? He had to buy you first. Just like you buy a car and pick it up later. He bought this bride that day at Calvary. There's a full price paid for you. He don't owe no debts on your life. Listen, he could come and get you tonight and he don't have to explain it to the devil. He could come and take you tonight and there's nothing that the devil can do about it because Satan has no claim on this bride. Hallelujah. Church, I'll tell you, it's proof in the Bible. Why did Jesus not let the devil give him the world? Just kneel and I'll give it. Brother Bram said, "Because the devil tried to steal it by giving it." Because if Jesus hadn't bought it, Satan would still have a claim on it. But when Jesus said, "I won't let you give it to me. I'm going to buy it because someday I'm going to come and get it and I ain't going to get no static. There won't be no bills due." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. See, Naomi was teaching Ruth. There's a process of redemption. It has to be kinsmen. And if the kinsman would agree to the redemption, then you're okay. Hallelujah. So, she just goes and finds Boaz and lays at his feet. You know the story. And Boaz covers her and she tells him, said, "I'm your kinsman. I'm Naomi's daughter-in-law, but my husband's dead and I need redeeming." And he wakes up the next morning about the rise of the sun. And he gives her six barrel uh six bushels of barley. Yeah. and sends her home. Yeah. With a sign, the labor's finished. What did he say, Ruth? What did he say? He said he would redeem me. You know what redeeming her meant? Buying Naomi. Paying the debts of Naomi. If Naomi's debts are paid, Ruth was going to be his wife. Him, man's buying his own bride. Yes, sir. That's right. But he says to her, "Look now, I'm going to do the work of a kinsman for you." And then then Ruth tells Naomi, said, "Well, he's going to do the work of a kinsman for me." She said, "Look, see the Old Testament says to her, the Old Testament says to you, if he said he would do it, rest." [Applause] Listen, listen. The the Bible, the Old Testament is telling you, the process of redemption is when he tells you, "I'm going to claim you, I'm going to redeem you, rest." Rest. Amen. Amen. The days of the labor of the church have finished. We have entered into our seven seal rest. Hallelujah. The book has come open. We know our name was in that lamb's book of life. Hallelujah. You got to rest. Amen. Listen. Hey, can can we just say it? He was going to marry her. She's going to rest. Amen. Now, now now the act of redemption, if you if you continue teaching, watch the process. Because there was one nearer kin than than him, right? Brother said, "That's the devil. He's more kin to you than God cuz the flesh." He said, "But he can't redeem you." So, he turned down redemption. And Naomi had one closer. Yeah. But he wouldn't take her because he didn't want to mar his inheritance. I tell you, you can't mar the inheritance of Jesus. He redeemed the He redeemed the lowest one on the street and you'll never change. You'll never bring him down. He'll bring you up. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It don't matter how low he marries. He'll bring you up. Amen. That's the way the bride's going to rapture. He's going to marry you low and bring you up. Come on, church. He ain't coming down to our nonsense. He's lifting us up to his glory and his presence and his reality. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Listen, what what happens is is Boaz marries this girl, takes her, but but he has to redeem her. You know the story. You know the story. The near kinsman said, "I won't take her." And Boaz said, "I will." So, what was the act? What was the process? It was a testimony to 10 elders. He had to go before 10 elders and tell them, "I'm king. I'm going to pay the debts." And those 10 elders had to agree he was worthy. Yes, sir. And that's why you get a pre-approval before you put an offer on a house. Don't go look at a house. If you ain't got pre-approval, they don't want to hear it. You might not be able to pay it, man. But when they saw he can pay the debts, Yeah, he's a kinsman to her. His part of that besides he had to pay the price. The blood had to be shed, but then he had to testify, she belongs to me. I take her. This is my kinsman. The testimony had to come after the payment. Hallelujah. Watch now. Amen. For all these years since the cross, the blood, the payment of the church has been laying there. But he has never took the book. He has never stood up and testified, amen, to the kinsmen to this gentile church. But in the last days, according to this Bible in Revelations 5, at the time of the sounding of the seventh angel, that the lamb would take that book and the first act that he would do is he would testify to the church and he would tell you, listen, I I I know I don't I don't want to preach too fast. Forgive me, but it's just all over me. Amen. He's in heaven and and you know you the people that are taught know there's 24 elders there apostles and disciples and they're up there in heaven. They all know the laws of redemption. They all know what's required. Amen. And when he begins to testify when he stands up in Revelations 5 and takes the book, what does the Bible say? They threw down their crowns and said worthy. That's right. Worthy. In other words, you've got the right to do it. You've got the payment to do it. You got the ability to do it. You can do what you want to. They belong to you. You're king. You paid. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. When that word worthy come over there, listen. It meant he had a right. That's right. He had a right to marry. Now watch in Revelations 5. You watch how the scripture says it. No man was able to do it. And John wept much. Amen. And one of the elders finally said, "Don't weep about this, for the lion, the tribe of Judah, hath prevailed to open this book, and to loose the seals thereof. And I beheld in the lost of the throne, four beasts in the midst of the elders stood a lamb being slain, having seven horns, seven eyes, which are the seven spirits of God sent forth in the earth." In Revelation 5:7, he said, "And he came and he took the book." Do you know that happened in your generation? Yeah. You see, that's what happened in our day. People say, "What's the message about?" He came and he took the book. This is the second part of redemption. This is the final process of the church going into the rapture. This is more than just a Pentecostal meeting. It's more than Baptist and Lutheran and Methodist and teaching and church joining. It's the rapture of the church. It's the marriage of the bride. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. I'm excited. It's marriage time for the church of the living God. It means we can secure our future in God. Amen. Now, I'm I'm quoting the breeze. He took the book glory, opened that book, tore off the seals, and sent it down to the earth to the seventh angel to reveal it to his people. There you are. What is it? This message claims the inheritance of this bride. See, today this message is the calling out of the bride. That's what it's doing. It's calling you out. Why is it calling you out? It's calling you out to marry. And when when you when you study it when you study it, brother Brandham said, "To the elected, God's calling." And remember, he'll say this. He says, "See, this brings these books into view." And when the preaching of this message goes forward, it's the calling of the name. That's why you maybe don't understand all the doctrine, but you understand it's right, brother. I can't put all them quotes together, but oh, when you do, it sure drops something inside my soul. What is that? That's that's him calling you. And that call was so great that the that the world lost its pull and the power of God became a greater pull. Not a first pull, not a second pull, a third pull. And it was greater than all the other pulls in your life. That preaching would call your name. It will be called the word of his power. Improving his word. Brother Bam said the bridegroom call will come right through this. When the son of man will come down in human flesh and unite the two together, the church has to be the word and he is the word and the two unite together. It'll take the manifestation of the revealing of the son of man. How many knows in that very quote he says that the marriage takes place here. Yeah. Didn't know when you was listening to this message and you were a man, you was getting married, did you? That's exactly what's happening. Amen. He's the word. Amen. You're the hearer. And when you hear and accept the word, you become one under a unity with the word of God, which is the final act of redemption of the last days. Amen. What is it? It's it's bringing forth. Now, I love how this and I I hope you can see the continuity here. The invisible union of the bride. Watch Brother Bram say it. Your name is now in the new book, the book of the life. But the lamb's book of life, what the lamb redeemed, not the old book, your natural union, but your new bride. Hallelujah. Your new life is in the lamb's book of life. Your marriage certificate. This book of Revelations 5 that's closed is open in 10 is your marriage certificate. Wow. Now, now, now, no wonder the Bible in Revelations 19, give me a few minutes and we'll close. Revelations 19, watch what he said. Let us be glad and rejoice and give honor to him for the marriage of the lamb has come. How many knows that's right? In the time of the 60s up through right now, the marriage of the lamb hath come. He had granted that she would be arrayed in fine linen, clean and white, and righteousness of the saint. Now, watch this. And he saith unto me, right? Blessed are they that are called under the marriage supper of the lamb. He saith unto them, these are the true sayings of God. And I fell at his feet to worship him. And he said unto me, see thou do it not. I am thy fellow servant and of thy brethren that had the testimony of Jesus. Worship God. For the testimony of Jesus is a spirit of prophecy. Watch the Watch that seventh verse. Be glad and rejoice. Watch him command them. Marriage. Be glad and rejoice. Marriage certificate is the opening of that word. Right? Watch him. But don't worship me. Be glad and rejoice but don't worship me. But he didn't say don't worship. He said worship God. Right? Don't worship me. Worship God. Amen. I I love it. Brother brother quoted it uh quoted it Sunday. I want to quote it to you because I want to show you something I think is beautiful. Brother Bam says, "You see, I've seen jumping spells, joy spells, but there wasn't nobody hurt." See, the mountains run up, the sun went down, everything took place, but there was nobody hurt. I seen meetings go where the power of God was revealed to the people. They were free from the world and things of the world, and the joy of the Lord filled the congregation. They stood and screamed and cried and shouted to the top of their voices for the glory of God. And I never did see anything disorderly, right? that was always right in order. And I always wondered about that cuz I know church order. Holy Spirit don't get out of order. The church does, right? So I always wondered why would Brother Bram take such a chaos of worship and say it's in order. But if you watch what he talks about, he says, watch now. It was in order because they had recognized that their name had been written on the lamb's book of life from before the foundation of the world. They had recognized their name was on the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. So it is in order to worship. That's right. It is in order to shout and rejoice. Amen. It's not out of order. It's in order. Look, look what he says. Rejoice. The marriage of the lamb hath come. Don't worship a prophet. Worship God. Look, look what he's doing. Amen. He's trying to show you. Brother Bam takes that woman at the well. Now, this is very uh very pertinent to where we're standing. He said she took that uh woman at the well and he said when he began to give that messiah sign, he said she recognized her name was on there. That's right. She recognized it and a spark went off. Remember what she done? She threw down her pale and went running into the city. Come see a man. What was it in John chapter 4? What Jesus say? He said, "The hour has cometh and now is that worshippers must worship in the spirit and truth." So there was an hour when the son of man was on the earth, but he's back at the whale again. Amen. A dispensational change has taken place and the church must worship in spirit and in truth. Now watch. Amen. I hope you wore your joy shoes tonight. Amen. You got them on. Amen. Brother man said if you got your joys on, your joy shoes on. Listen, if you're a Christian, then Amen. That's not no preacher. That's the Bible. It said your name was in the lamb's book of life from before the foundation of the world. The same time that Christ that God sent him slain, he wrote your name in there. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Before the foundation of the world. You said, "Preacher, what are you talking about?" Let's watch another scripture. Revelation's the 22nd chapter. This is the unsealing the book, isn't it? Revelation 22. Watch the eighth verse. And I, John, saw these things and heard them, and I had heard and seen, and I fell down to worship before the feet of the angel who showed me these things. It was a time of worship for sure. He said unto me, but don't do it. Right? I'm my fellow servant, the brethren, and the prophet, which keeps the sayings of these books, worship God. Watch. Don't seal these things. Let them thunder now. Let the seals become unsealed. Let the worship begin in the house of God. We're at rest. Listen, we're not wanting. We're not sitting on the edge of our seat wondering who won the football game. We know who won. I won. Brother Ray last night telling his testimony. I'm going to steal your thunder on this one. He he was telling his testimony. He said he was remembers when World War II ended. He said he was out in the field. He said, "Man, the phone call came and I don't remember who was your uncle. I think he said it was or somebody. The feed grinder. The feed grinder. He stopped what he's doing around the field. The war's over. War's over. War's over. I feel like taking a mic tonight and telling you the war's over. The war is over. It's been a victory day. This book has been opened. We have been redeemed. It's in order to rejoice. It's in order to shout. It's an order to release your emotions before God. Come on, friends. This is not a Pentecostal church. This is a word church. Don't never forget they're twins. Don't never forget that. Pentecostal churches shout. Pentecostal churches dance. Pentecostal church has good music. They have atmosphere of worship and praise. They got all kinds of things. But what they ain't got is they ain't got the word of the hour under the seven seal messenger. And listen, this twin, this twin has the word of the hour, the token, the birthright. Hallelujah. You said, "Preacher, what are you talking about?" Can I say it to you real plain? Amen. You can go in a Pentecostal church and let that thing be as high as the heavens. Amen. And as long as you're singing, it'll go right good. You start breaking into this opening of the word and they'll clam up on you and come the quietest people in the earth. But you start preaching this open book among the bride of Jesus Christ and she'll start getting higher and higher and higher and higher. What is it? The message produces a revival in the heart of the church. It's the word. The word does the preaching in this age. I say this. Somebody said, "Well, amen. Brother Wayne, you are not worshiped the way you do." Now, you can condemn me by tradition, but you can't condemn me by this word. As this word said, when the book opened, don't worship brother Brandham. Worship God. When the when the seals were opened up, Amen. When the marriage comes, rejoice. [Applause] What are you? Amen. What are you What are you talking about? Can I read it to you? Yes, sir. I'm going to quit. I really am. And he came and took the book out of the right hand. Fifth fifth chapter, seventh verse. And he came and took the book out of the right hand of him that sat on the throne. And when he had taken the book, the four beasts, and 24 elders, fell down before the lamb, having one of them harps, and golden vows full of odors, which are the prayers of the saints, and they sung a new song, saying, Thou art worthy to take the book, and to open the seals thereof. Thou was slain, and has redeemed us to God by thy blood, out of every kindred, tongue, people, and nation, and hast made us unto our God, kings, and priests. and we shall reign on the earth. Amen. How many knows in Revelations one when he's thanking God for the blood, he said, "Jesus shall reign." But when the seals come open, he saw his name was in the title deed and it wasn't Jesus going to reign by himself. He knew John knew I'm going to reign and this bride is going to reign. Amen. And behold, I heard the voice of many angels around about the throne and the beast and the elders. And the number of them was 10,000 time 10 thousands and thousands of them saying with a loud voice, who is worthy? Worthy is the lamb that was slain to receive power and riches and wisdom and strength and honor and glory and blessing. Every creature which is in heaven and on the earth and under the earth such as are in the sea. And all them heard I saying, who's I? That's me. The bride. John heard the they heard the bride saying blessing and honor and glory and power be unto them that sitth on the throne and unto the lamb forever more. And the four beast said, "Amen." And the four and 20 elders fell down and begin to worship him that liveth forever and ever. What was going on? Brother man said it like this. John worshiped him. He said, "Until every creature in the heaven and under the earth heard me saying blessing and glory and honor and wisdom unto the Lamb." I don't think you've I don't think you've reached your pinnacle until everything in the earth and everything in the heaven and everything under the earth heard me John saying blessings and glory and honor and worthy is the lamb of God. This message is coming from God to redeem the church. So Wayne, it's out of time. It's not. This is the time when everything must worship. remember how appropriate. That's why brother Ram said it wasn't out of order because it's actually appropriate at this time. At the time of the opening of that book, it becomes appropriate. Don't let us miss this now. When all the mysteries of the church has been finished, when all the mysteries and the plans of redemption and the seals were opened right immediately. Now, look, it's time for everything in heaven and everything on earth to worship God. Watch what takes place. Listen, they sung a new song, thou art worthy. Listen at what a worship that was. The elders and the beast and everything fell right before him like that. When he made his complete plan, it's time to worship now. Look at this. When he finished his plan, it's time to worship now. Look what he's telling the church. The plan is finished. Amen. Become that. Which which gives it I I love how Brother Bam says it. He said, "Listen now. Listen at what John did." That's kind of good English, ain't it? Listen what John did. Every creature in heaven, in earth, and under the earth, and all that was in them heard blessings and honor and power unto him that sat on the throne of the lamb. John must have really had a Pentecost of his own. He said, "Every creature in heaven, every creature in earth, everything beneath the earth was in the sea heard me saying, "Amen." And glory and honor and power and blessings to be him that siteth upon the throne. Would you stand to your feet with us tonight? Appropriate worship. Oh yes. For him that has redeemed us. Amen. Hallelujah. Can you imagine what it was smelt like? That room, little harlot with a with a bottle of ointment in her hand. She just broke the top off of it. Hallelujah. She poured it all on him. She lost herself in it. Y'all any y'all ever do that? She lost herself in it. She got the snotting and the crying and and her washing his feet and taking her glory and wiping his hair and all them people were saying, "Look at her." Must have been a moment. I I I I know the feeling. There must have been a moment when she looked up. Was that wrong? Too wrong. oil and sweat and tears and snot hair. And all of a sudden, Jesus looks over at one of the Pharisees and he said, "I got much things to say unto you." Cuz they were thinking, "If he knew who she was, right? If he knew what kind of person that was. Wow. He wouldn't let her do that. Hallelujah. But see, yeah, she wasn't the one worthy. Right. Hallelujah. He was He was the one worthy. Amen. Listen, I want to tell you something tonight. You're never going to be worthy of that. But he's always going to be worthy. [Music] He's always going to be worthy. Could I They They keep saying on the television or on the news, I don't have television. Forgive me there. But they keep saying on the headlines, the news, they say Trump has a mandate. You know, mandate. Everything's a mandate. You got a mandate to do this. Got a mandate to do that. Well, you have a mandate, right? Yeah. To worship God. Amen. That's right. You got a mandate from that angel. It's appropriate to worship him. He's worthy of it, isn't he? Amen. Amen. Amen. But Ben, you have something. Oh, worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. God will not reject your prayer. Pray makes you stronger. I have never seen the righteous forsaken begging for bread or left to [Music] suffer. Have patience. Just wait and see what God will do. When you lift up your hands and surrender, God will pull you through. Worship. Worship if you are crying. [Music] Worship if you are. Worship if you are hurting. Worship. Nothing matters. Worship. He will hear your prayers. God goes before you say, "Let there be." He's healing your wounds and setting you free. He's leading the way as he is the guide. Trust in him. He will never fail. He'll walk with you along rugged trail. Just lift up your hands. This is your victory day. Give him the praise. Worship the Lord. [Music] Worship. [Music] Worship. Worship. Worship the Lord. Worship. Worship the Lord. Oh, worship the Lord. [Music]
