################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-17 - Turning the Corner - Bro. Matt McGeary on Thursday, April 17, 2025 - Matt McGeary - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-17
Title:   Turning the Corner - Bro. Matt McGeary on Thursday, April 17, 2025
Speaker: Matt McGeary
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RuE8UisNlKY
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey, I heaven. [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] [Music] Oh yeah. [Music] [Music] this evening. Welcome to Louisiana Youth Camp 2025. How many is glad to be here? Amen. Let's stand together. Well, victory is mine. Victory is mine. [Music] I told you victory today is mine. Well, joy is mine. Joy is mine. [Music] is mine. I told you I can't leave behind today. It is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory is mine. [Music] Victory is mine. When [Music] I didn't have a doubt, I knew that the Lord would bring me out. So I got down on my knees. Lord help me. I got up singing and shout victory. Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today [Music] is [Music] victory. I am covered. I am covered. I'm covered by his blood. I'm walking by faith. I'm living by his covered. I'm covered by his blood. Jesus has rest in his name. Well, I am covered. I'm covered by his blood. I'm walking my way. Oh yes, I'm covered. Covered. [Music] uncovered. Jesus has [Music] res. Amen. Won't you just turn around and shake one's hand? Welcome each other here tonight. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. don't have any written prayer requests here this evening, but how many would have a need just want to lift your hands in the Lord to come by and touch me today. Amen. This weekend, I believe it can be a wonderful time together in the presence of God. Amen. Let's just make this first service count. Not wait till the next or put it down the road, but say, "Tonight, Lord, I I'm here to meet you, speak to you." Amen. Let's just pray. Father, we come to you today. Father, so thankful for giving each one traveling mercies for bringing us here together safely. Lord, I know there may be those that are still traveling and coming in. You continue to watch over each one of them. Lord, we just invite you to come this weekend and speak to hearts and touch lives, Lord. Lord, we're just so so thankful, Father, to have this opportunity, Lord, to be with one another, to rub shoulders with believers of like precious faith, Lord, to just put our licks of fire together, create an atmosphere, Lord, that lives can be changed, hearts can be touched, healings can take place, and deliverances. Lord, you sing the hands that were lifted all over this building. Father, you know the needs and the situations. you know, every heart's cry as they came to this camp. Lord, I ask, Father, you just meet them in a special way. Be with each part of the services, Lord. Each each song that's sung, each each minister that's going to speak, Father, may just anoint them, Father, and give them the words to speak to us today that'll change lives and change our hearts, oh God, to be made more like you. We love you with everything that we have. We praise you in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. God bless. You can be seated a [Music] moment. Well, praise the Lord. Amen. It's good to see everybody and have you here at um this the youth camp here in 2025. We're looking forward to a great time in the Lord together. and we got the best young people in the whole wide world that is uh with us this weekend and I want to thank you for being here and being a part with us uh in in this meeting. It's really special to have you here and um you know this is your meeting so I'm glad to see you sitting up front and we let the elders sit in the back in this meeting. So, you know, um that's that's great that you're you're here for your service and your time and the presence of the Lord. And I believe he's going to do some wonderful things in your life this weekend and speak to you in a very special way. And um so, you know, I I just wanted to um just go over briefly a few of the rules there before we go. And you really don't need any rules. Um really you're you're wonderful young people and and uh you are always respectful and I appreciate that and I know you will be this year. I've learned that through the years. We have the best and I'm I'm proud of you each one of you. And uh but you know we want to show respect to the this service and the house of God. And you know it's not a place to pass notes and chew gum and things like that. It's a a place to worship. That's why we come. It's not a place to, you know, to um be on your cell phones and be looking at while the church service is going on, but just show the utmost respect as I know you will. And u let the Lord then deal with your heart. Maybe maybe um it it might be somebody else that would be distracted by your behavior that you would keep them from receiving something. So, you don't want to do that. you want to just u put your whole heart into worshiping the Lord and we're going to look forward to hearing you from you and some wonderful special songs and and worship unto the Lord and u if you have a song uh you can uh put your song request up here on the platform or see brother Timothy brother Michael Dexter uh brother Michael's in the in the booth back there right now but um most of you would know him but you can give them um your prayer request or your special songs request because um it's it's your camp and we want you to worship the Lord and we want to enjoy the presence of God with you and uh you know as I said you're the best and I know that I can count on that. uh your counselors have come a long ways and they have have given up of their vacation and time to be here because they love you and nobody's here to give you a hard time. They're giving you want to give you the most wonderful time that you could have and um so we want you to show them respect and and um you know that and then of course to be respectful to you. We're we're here to love one another and ain't nobody great among us. no little ones and no big ones. We're just all one in Christ Jesus. And uh so, you know, we we work together on that and and just showing love and respect and you do that with your counselors and it'll make it a lot lot easier for everybody. Now, um there will come some camp times to remember and uh we'll be announcing them as we go, but you know, Friday morning um that's in the morning. We'll have 9:30 uh service and 6:30. And of course, if you're interested in meal times, well, that's going to be 8:12 and 5. So, you know, we'll have meal time. Snack sacks will be open after the service and things like that. So, you know, lots of opportunity to to have um your needs met and have a good time and fellowship with one another. It's a great time to meet one another, get to know one another, make longtime uh lifelong friendships. It just um uh it's just that wonderful opportunity we have. So, there will be then Saturday we have a a skit that will be put on by Evening Light Tabernacle and that will be at 10:00 a.m. Service that evening will be at 6:30 and then Sunday we we will not have a sunrise service. No sunrise service Sunday morning, but we will have church. So, we'll have breakfast today like normal and we'll come to church like normal except it's going to be extraordinary instead to the normal and we're going to have a wonderful time. It'll be at 9:30 just like all the other morning services. So, we'll just um except for the skit. The skits at 10:00, but um it'll be a a great time. And then we'll of course, you know, it'll it'll be just like that and it'll all be over. So, what I want you to do is I want you to make every moment count. I want you to put your heart into every service. I want you to allow the Lord to deal with your heart. Don't wait. Don't wait till the last moment, but let him speak to you now and start dealing with your heart now. And if you got burdens in your heart, in your life, well, I'll tell you what, here's a here's a place to to see that burden lifted. And if you if you brought a bunch of devils to camp, well, let's leave them here. We don't want them. We uh don't want to take none of them back home with us. We want to just be free to serve the Lord and and move on in Christ and grow in the Lord and enjoy his benefits. So, we got a wonderful ministry team this year that we have our our brother Matthew McGary that's going to be ministering to us. He was a camper at this camp. Also, brother Matthew Watkins was a camper at this camp. He's going to be ministering for us also. And then we have longtime favorite our brother Ron Spencer going to be ministering too on Saturday night. So, wonderful times together. We're just going to have a blessed time in the Lord. So so happy that you're here. And if there's anything that we can do for you some way that maybe um you can pull me aside any moment and just say, "Hey, brother Tim, you got a minute for me?" And I do. We'll just spend that moment together and pray with you about whatever situation that it is. We're here for you and we want you to know we love you. So we're giving ourselves to you this weekend. lay it aside everything that we had, our plans and what we would do and even our Easter services. We've been doing this since 1987. And so we not had our Easter service at our own home church. I've come and I've I've dedicated it for the young people of this message. And I've seen the Lord do wonderful things and I know he's going to do some wonderful things for you. Amen. So, let's stand together as we as we just worship the Lord together and and just sing. Let's sing that song. We're together again. Just praising the Lord. Amen. We're together again. Just praising the Lord. Amen. We're together again. Yes. Amen. Something good is going to happen. Something good is in again. Just praising the Lord. One more time now. We're together again. Just praising the Lord. We're together again. And what I have together [Music] Just praise him [Music] again. Going to happen. Something good. [Music] again. I feel like praising praising him. Oh, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel like praising praising him. Oh yes, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, I feel like praising you. Oh, praising him. Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him all day [Music] long. Let's all praise him. Oh, let's all praise the Lord while we praise the Lord while we praise him. Praise him all day long. Praise the Lord. [Music] Oh, I'm going all day [Music] long. Oh, I feel like crazy. Oh, I feel like morning. Praise [Music] him. Praise the Lord. Let's all praise the Lord. We [Music] have praise him in the morning. Praise him all. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I'm going all the way. All the way. I'm going all the way. Yes. All the way. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way. [Music] All the way. I'm going all the way. Yes. All the way. All the way. I'm going all the way. All the way. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the [Music] way. Oh yes. [Music] I'm going all the [Music] [Applause] way the line. [Music] Oh, I'm going all the way. Oh, I'm going all the way. No turning back. No [Music] turn. No turning back. [Music] I'm going all the [Music] way. I'm just going to make that all the way. [Applause] I'm [Music] going all the [Music] way. Oh, I made my choice. I made my choice. Yes, Lord. I [Music] should [Music] [Music] all the Oh yes. [Music] [Applause] I' all I'm going all the way with my soul. [Music] Hallelujah. How many has made that declaration this weekend in your life? I'm going all the way. Yes, sir. There's no turning back. Amen. We ask Sister Brianna McGary to come with her special. She'll come right away. Let you be seated tonight. Amen. Right after she's through. Sister Rebecca, if you can sing for us. Amen. [Music] By the blood [Music] [Music] still gave it all to me. You are the God who set me free. Now my heart is my redeemer with my life. I will give you praise, all the glory. [Music] Because of you forever. [Music] making me holy like you're holy. [Music] Christ. This is my [Music] redeemer with my life. I will give you all the glory. [Music] You bring to the [Music] captives to the [Music] poor and [Music] joyes beauty. [Music] [Music] restored to the captive turn ashes. The goodness of the [Music] [Music] Lord will give you all the [Music] glory because of Jesus. I have been changed because of Jesus. I have been changed because of Jesus. I have changed. Every time I think of your kindness, every I'm singing your Jesus. I never thought my life and I'm in love with you. Bless [Music] you. Nothing [Music] to love. [Music] I'm the [Music] brightest. You are my You are the God of [Music] [Music] Hallelu. Thank you. Halleluah. Thank you for all that you have done. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Hallelu are the [Music] We are not the God Halleluah. Thank you. Halleluah. Thank you for all that you have done. [Music] [Music] Praise the name of the Lord. to stand together tonight. How many's ready to receive something from the Lord? Amen. Amen. How many believe she's worthy of all our praise and our glory? Let's just give it to him tonight. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. You are all things. Oh, you deserve the [Music] glory. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. [Music] For you are all you are all you deserve. You're worthy. You're worthy of it all. You are worthy. It [Music] all deserve the glory and honor tonight. You're worthy. You're worthy. worthy of it all. Sing with all your [Music] heart. I give you all. I give you all. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, just let it settle in on you for a moment. Are you worthy? Yes, you are worthy of it all. Yes, you are, Lord. You're worthy of it all. [Music] to you are all praise. Oh, you deserve one more time. You're worthy. Oh, you're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Yes, Lord. You're worthy. You're worthy of it all. Oh, you're worthy of it all. [Music] You deserve the glory. Hallelujah. Amen. I believe he deserves the glory beyond the praise. Amen. Won't you just put in that key of G? Amazing grace. Amazing grace. How sweet to sound that saved a wretch like me. You know, none of us was born saved. You might say, "Well, all I've known is a message, and I was raised up on the message for you. You were lost. You were born needing a savior. It was all born in sin, shaping iniquity, coming the world speaking lies. That's just going to sin nature was on our [Music] lives. And it's grace that has brought us mercy, forgiveness, pardon, and he's able to change your life. And that's what he's here to do in these meetings. And I'm asking him to come now for him to take control of this meeting from the beginning all the way to the end. And I'm not just talking about this one service, but all the way to when we depart camp that the Holy Spirit would just say takes such charge over every song, our worship, our praise, and then the word as it goes forth. And it could change lives, our lives will be changed. My life needs to be changed. I need more Jesus. I can't get enough of it. I've been a Christian many, many years. Gave my heart to the Lord when I was five. Started preaching the message when I was 15. But I stand here today and say, "Jesus, could you just give me a little more of you? Could I just experience you in a greater way than what I have? Could I have even another outpouring of the Holy Spirit? a refreshing, a refilling, a saturating of my being over again. That ought to be the desire of every one of us. We just need to take our cups that we've brought maybe that's been full of everything else and just make room for Jesus. Empty out something where you can have a little more of him. As the song says, I want more of Jesus, so I'll give him more of me. to give him more of you. You know, as we approach a meeting like this, I don't just approach it, oh well, we're going to have a camp, you know, kind of haphazard, lukewarm attitude toward it, but no, seeking the Lord and asking God to help us choose the right gifts for a meeting. I believe it gives her a channel. There are channels through which the Holy Spirit can flow and heaven can just open and flow right down here to earth and come right down to your pew and speak to you in a very personal way. The God we serve is a personal God. He's so personal. He would use a prophet messenger in this day and he would tell where you lived, what your name was, what the desire on your heart was, what the doctor said, what your future would be. You see, God's a personal God, and he wants to be personal to you. He wants to be real in your life. I want you to welcome him and just say, "Lord, I need that grace tonight in my life. for you to minister grace to me. You know, we have, as I said and prayed about the meetings. I I wanted some men that have experienced grace to come and share with you. We have tonight a brother Matthew McCary that is going to be preaching. And when I started to write his name down in my notes tonight to take notes on the sermon, I caught myself writing Matthew [Music] Grace. I think of the McGary boys. I knew them many years ago when they were young men and they needed Jesus. They had great godly parents, wonderful people. come from a good little church, but they needed Jesus. And it was there at this camp some years ago, David Jr. surrendered his heart to the Lord and found Jesus. He witnessed to his brothers. He witnessed grace to Aaron. And Aaron, who's now a pastor and ministering the gospel, he was touched by Damy's life and the change in his life. You see, what can happen to you can impact others, your friends around you, even your brother, your sister, even maybe even your parents. There are people in this building right here whose mom and dad was not Christians who only heard about Jesus really from a grandparent and I'm speaking of Daniel Williams sister Rachel Shaw just a young girl gave her heart to the Lord at 10 years old. She began to pray for her mom and dad that were center people, drunks, just living the rough road. And God in his mercy answered her prayer and the grace of God shun to her life won her parents to the Lord. And things changed there. raised up from that family, mighty minister, brother Daniel Williams, whose lives touched many. Grace, that same grace went from Aaron and and from David all the way to Matthew and got a hold of his life. He can tell you his own testimony. I won't tell it tonight. But God got a hold of his life and now such graces in his life. He's become one of my favorite preachers. Yeah, I have favorites. Here's another favorite right here. Brother Matthew Watkins. He looks like my theophony. When I get my body changed, I'm going to be good looking like that. You know what it takes? A lot of grace. A lot of grace. But grace is what we need. The favor of God. I want you to ask God in your seat tonight. Say, "Lord, let your grace smile on me tonight. I need your favor. I need your favor for my life. I I want to leave from the these services a changed person, better than what I was when I came. of burdens lifted, going home free. Free because of grace. Let's worship the Lord together as brother Matthew comes to share his heart. [Music] Say grace, how sweet the sound that I [Music] [Music] Let's just continue singing. [Music] Why don't you just [Music] [Music] [Music] Why don't we just praise him for a little bit now? Praise God. [Music] Praise God. Praise [Music] God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, and [Music] we shine as the sun. [Music] [Music] sing. Does anybody know about Amazing Grace? How sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me. And aren't you glad just to be gathered together here. But we have the musicians. Let's just bow our head. Lord Jesus, we're just so thankful that we can come once again and be gathered together, Lord, in your presence. Lord, to know that you saw this moment before you even created the heavens of the earth. You looked down through the portals and you said this is going to be the night that I'm going to quicken this seed and I'm going to fill this son and this daughter with the Holy Ghost. They're going to get their questions answered and they'll be delivered and they'll meet me face to face. Lord, we're just looking to you that you'd come. Lord, we just want to be moved out of the way that you could come and just have preeminence now. Lord, many have traveled and no doubt are tired. And there's been great effort and sacrifice that has been put into these meetings and just in getting here. And Lord, we know the adversary is fighting against it. Lord, I'm just asking for a special grace to just come, Lord, and have your will and way in the service now. Lord, I ask that you would just take the bread of life, Lord, and you would break it to your people. I ask it in your name, the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Praise the Lord. If you have your Bibles, we'll be reading out of John chapter 16. I just want to thank uh Brother Tim uh for the invitation. It's it's very humbling uh to stand here before you. And Brother Tim has just uh meant so much to me over the years since a young Christian. He's been a true friend and mentor. and he's made himself available to me and and I could just call them and and he would he would answer the phone, you know. It's it's nice when you call somebody and they answer the phone. Well, all right. You know, and he's he's always done that for me and it's it's always meant so much. And brother Tim, just love you and appreciate you and it's just wonderful opportunity to stand with these men of God and to serve with them. Uh my uh you know, I could say a lot, but I might just get emotional. So, let's just get right into the word. But we do bring greetings from our pastor, brother David McGary. And just thankful that my wife and family could be here and and all those that came from our church and supported. We're just so thankful uh to be in fellowship. Amen. Just reading out of John chapter 16. How's everybody feeling? All right. Are you excited? Are you tired? Yeah. That's all right. We're going to have church. Amen. Uh John chapter 16 and verse 20. Let's just read that. It says, "Verily, verily, I say unto you that ye shall weep and lament, but the world shall rejoice and you shall be sorrowful, but your sorrow shall be turned into joy. A woman when she is in travail hath sorrow, because her hour has come. But as soon as she is delivered of the child, she rememberth no more the anguish for joy that a man is born into the world." And ye now therefore have sorrow, but I will see you again, and your heart shall rejoice, and your joy no man taketh from you. And in that day ye shall ask me nothing. Verily, verily, I say unto you, whatsoever ye shall ask the Father in my name, he will give it to you, hitherto have ye asked nothing in my name. Ask and you shall receive, that your joy may be full. Amen. You may have your seat. Amen. I just want to read this quote out of birth pains here. Uh, brother Brandham would say this and this would be the text that he would use. He says, I believe that Jesus here was speaking of as he said, you will have sorrow but your sorrow shall be turned to joy. speaking to his disciples here, knowing that the birth of Christianity was coming into existence and now the old has to die in order that the new is born. To have anything that gives life has to have pains of distress and they certainly was going to go through the pain of distress and anguish to get from the law unto grace. Normal natural birth types the spiritual birth, right? Normal natural birth types the spiritual birth. All things of the natural is a type of the spiritual. We find out if we look out here on the ground and see a tree in the earth growing. It's struggling for life. That goes to show that there's a tree somewhere that doesn't die because it's crying out for something. And I believe in every single one of us believers, there's something in you that is crying out. We find people no matter how old or how sick, what condition they're crying out to live because it shows there's a life where we live live forever. Yes, sir. Does anybody come here maybe believing for something? Amen. Maybe you have a heart's cry and you're praying for something. You know, the scripture says, "Ask." Amen. And you shall receive that your sorrow. You know, that means your pain, your grief, your annoyance, your affliction shall be turned into joy. Ask and you shall receive that your joy may be full. The prophet of God said he he God promised to supply your needs. Amen. Not your wants, but but he he promised to provide you your needs and not the way that you want it. Come on. You know, I know some of us wanted a certain bunk bed and and you didn't get it and that's just annoying, right? And maybe you you went in early and you put yourself your your all your stuff on the bed cuz you're like, "Man, this is where I want to sleep. There's the there's the plug and I can charge my iPhone and I'm just in business. I'm away from the bathrooms and man, you got here earlier and everybody and you did the right thing. You come in, you're like, "Where's my stuff?" Yeah, that's annoying. I thought I'd get a bigger amen than that. You know what's happened to you? You come into the church early. You put your Bible down and you go use the restroom. You come back and your seat's gone. Come on. Yeah. Well, maybe you didn't need that bunk bed that you thought. Maybe God wanted you to witness to somebody on the other side of the door. You see, sometimes even in the little things, we we we get flustered and we don't even look to God and say, "God, maybe you have a purpose in it." And maybe maybe you're wanting to do something. I mean, you know, the greatest battle ever fought is in your mind. And sometimes we let the littlest things rob us of our joy. Matter of fact, some of you didn't get none nothing out of the song service because you're still annoyed. I didn't want to ride with so in the van. I wanted to ride with my other friend. I I I requested that ELT would have put me with my favorite friend and they're not in there. That's the only reason I came to this camp. Can you believe it? I'm annoyed. Hey, that's how the devil starts things off. Come on. Little things just starting sewing little seeds of discrepancies and before you know it, he got a storm brewing and you don't even know it. You're sitting on the song leader. You're sitting on the preacher and you're a good Hey, you can be filled with the Holy Ghost and little things like that. All a sudden, you're sitting there serious, why am I having such a hard time? Cuz the greatest battle you ever fight is in your mind. Hey, hey, we're we're doing spiritual warfare right now. You might be You might be having some pain. You might be having some some grieviances. Yeah. That's all right. Stick around a little while cuz you got a promise. Yeah. That your sorrow, your pain, your affliction. Your annoyance is going to be turned into joy. I say, Lord, give me what I need, not what I want. Yes, sir. See, you might think you need something. But really, it might just be your want. That's right. That boy or that girl, she's just so pretty. I just got to marry her. And then we find quotes. How'd we get here this quick? Then we find quotes to support our thinking. I'll just die if I can't have her. And you leave out all the other quotes that if you loved her, if she'd be happy with somebody else, you just let her go. Right? So, we We're in a spiritual warfare. And we the weapons of our war warfare are not carnal. But they're mighty through God of the pulling down of strongholds. We just don't fight when we go to camp. We got to be fighting every day. We got to be fighting when we wake up. We got to be fighting during lunchtime. We got to be fighting at work. We got to be fighting at school. We got to be fighting when we go to bed. Hey, I even pray for God to help me fight when I sleep. I say, "God, give me a dream. Speak to me. Look, if if the devil can haunt people in their sleep with nightmares, I say, "God, bless me in my sleep, Lord. Bless me with dreams. Give me an answer, Lord. If there's I'm talking about possessing this vessel and sanctification and honor. Yeah. Give it all to him. Even your sleep." You never thought about that, did you? Hey, God will speak to you. Amen. And if anything, the devil's been waring at you and causing you to not be able to sleep or giving you nightmares and dreams, you start committing that to God and your sorrow. Yes, sir. And your anger shall be turned into joy. See, the devil might be filling your sleep with those dreams because maybe you got a gift in your life and you never even thought, you know what? I need to surrender this to God. If the devil can enter into my sleep and speak evil things, Lord, what about the Holy Ghost? Come on, saints. We're in a battle. But I say, "Oh, God, give me what I what I need." Yes, sir. Not what I I want. Yeah. What I need I say, God knows what you have need of. And what you have need of is his word. And when you when your wants can start to be his will. Let me say when your wants start to become his will, then you know you can ask. Say, "Lord, I'm asking and I see your word. I I want the Holy Ghost." Hallelujah. And God wants to give it to you. I need deliverance. God wants to deliver you. I need revelation. I need another feeling of the Holy. Have you come with a need? Yes, sir. Come on. Paul would say this in Ephesians 3:14. If you want to turn there, Ephesians chapter 3 and verse 14. I like this. I kind of like to read this almost, you know, like a prayer. Paul is saying here, for this cause I bow my knees under the father of our Lord Jesus Christ, of whom the whole family in heaven and in earth his name that he would grant you according to the riches of his glory to be strengthened with his might by his spirit in the inner man that Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith that you being rooted and grounded in love. Oh, I like that. May be able to comprehend with all saints what is the breadth and length and depth and height and to know the love of Christ which with knowledge that ye might be filled with all the fullness of God. I mean, my I don't know how that works, but I want it. I don't know how that's going to happen, but I want it, Lord. I need that. I need Come. I need that because it's in your word. I need his word. That you might be filled with all the fullness of God. Now, unto him that is able. Oh my. Maybe We can just think on this a minute while we start these meetings. Unto him that is able to do exceedingly and abundantly above all that we ask or think according to the power which workketh in us. Now brother Brandon would say this and just once more Lord he said he is an exhaustable fountain of eternal life here tonight to make manifest any divine promise of his Bible to anybody that'll believe it. Amen. The only thing you need to do is drink. Come to the fountain and drink. Drink until you're satisfied. You can't exhaust him. No sir. He is absolutely the inexhaustible. And you can just drink and drink and drink. You can drink your healing in. You can drink your salvation in. Just come and drink. Let him that's thirsty come and drink. Amen. I know he is here. I know he is here. And I know, come on, he'll do exceedingly abundantly if we'll just let him do it. Hey, I think that's a good place to start the meetings if we'll just let him do it. Look, God showed up and he means business. God wants to transform lives. God wants to show his amazing grace. God wants to deliver. God wants to heal. God wants to rescue. God wants to answer questions. Will you let him do it? Yes, Lord. Or are you going to fight? Are you going to wrestle? All right. Are you gonna allow that one to be the critic come into your mind? Well, this was said because of that and he should say that because he said this and he knows that. Hey, why don't you just let him do it? I say, Lord, let's just let's just all of us get out of the way and let him do it. There's an exhaustable fountain that is here tonight. And if you'll just start drinking, you can drink in your healing. You can drink in your salvation. You can drink in your deliverance. You can drink in being filled with the Holy Ghost. You can drink in questions being answered. You can drink in the things that you have needed. Oh, if you'll just let him do it. I say, "Let's just get out of the way and let God have the right away. Get out of your thinking. Get out of your mind. Get out of your hearts and your wants and look into the God, I'm going to drink it in. Hallelujah. Glory. His will is his word. Amen. And if you'll just let him during these meetings, if you'll just let him do it. He goes on to say this, and this will be the the inspiration of what I'm wanting to speak on to you now. He says, "We're not building," this is Berth Payne's uh he says, "We're not building a wall like we start off with a Luther's message or right down a straight line or a Pentecostal message, right? We are turning corners. We're building a building. God's word is the blueprint. Anybody can run a straight line, but it takes a mason to turn the corner. It takes the power of God to do that. It takes an anointed one from heaven to be sent down to do that. It has in every age. And in the prophets age, the word of the Lord comes through those prophets and they turn those corners and make those differences. Now, I'm wanting to just minister by the help of God to you on turning the corner. And if you were to maybe look up into Webster's dictionary, what what does turning the corner mean? It means uh uh turning the corner is to get past the most difficult area or or or a period in something and begin to improve. Look, it's okay to have trials. Every son that cometh to God, he must be tested. It's okay to make mistakes. Yes, sir. Just stop making the same ones. You keep making the same mistakes over and over, you're not passing the test. Look, Satan wants to condemn you. You should be happy that God's letting you take the test again. Look, there's some examinations and when you fail that test, you don't get another opportunity. Oh, but I serve a God of grace. I serve a God of mercy. If you failed the test yesterday, he'll let you take it again. If you fail it tomorrow, he'll let you take it in cuz he knows what he put inside of you. You are an overcomer. You can do all things. You can believe all things because you are predestinated son of God to put every devil under your feet no matter the test, no matter the trial. And if you fail, get ready. What do you do when you fail a test? You study. Study to show yourself approved. A workman that needeth not be ashamed. Some of us are ashamed. Reminds me one time my dad told a man who had long hair. He said, "Don't you know it's a shame for a man to have long hair and he said, "I'm ashamed." That's all he got out of him. But a son of God, he says, "Is that the word, Lord? I want to pass the test." That's right. Satan wants to condemn you. Yeah. You failed the test, but God's giving you another opportunity. Hey, just like Job, he said, "There's none like him." Job didn't even know God was sending him a test. And I tell you what, a test. That's right. A test no man could pass. That's true. No man in his right mind would say, "Lord, yeah. Give me that. I'm a real son of God. Try me." No, sir. No, you don't want that. And praise God, he doesn't give you what you want. He gives you what you need. cuz some of us have asked for some pretty dumb things and God's grace and his mercy like you don't need that. Remember brother Brandon talks about the boy what happens if your son and my son he's 5 years old he come and say daddy give me that razor I want to shave too. Yeah. Now, I'd be an irresponsible father and say, "Well, you're my son. Here you go. Have at it." Yeah. My wife come in, "Honey, what's wrong with him? What are you talking about? He's all cut up everywhere." Ah, he's my son. He can handle it. Well, obviously he can't. But he got to grow up a little bit. He got to get a little bit older. So, some of you might be wanting things that it's good to want, but it ain't the time or it ain't the season. Job wasn't up there trying to prove something. You better be careful. He was serving God and making sacrifice for his children, but but there was a conversation in heaven and said, "Have you considered my servant Job? There's none like him in all the earth." Now, I'm pretty sure that same conversation has went by over the bride of Jesus Christ and and and he's tried to argue that you've been blessed and and you've had this and you that have, but let me take it away. And you you you're going through some great sorrow. You're going through some great anguish. You got some real hurt, some real disappointments. Come on. Your heart's been broken. Your family's been torn apart. Your church has been split up. Your pastors the message and you don't know what you're going to do. But I know somebody that knows. God knows exactly what you're going to do. You're going to be just like Job. Because there's a revelation inside of you that can say, "The Lord giveth and the Lord taketh away. Blessed be the name of the Lord." Hallelujah. Even Job didn't know that revelation was inside of him. But what brought it out? The test. The trial. Look, brother Brandon went through hard trials. Sorrow, anguish, pain. When he was ready to throw in the tell, I don't have time to I don't have time to do anything. Thought we were thought we were going to have some notes to follow, but we'll have to see where God goes. Brother Brandham got to a place he was ready to throw in the towel. Right. Come on. He was ready to give up. But he said there was an anchor that caught. [Music] Look, we we go through hard times. Real trials, real battles, and the fact that you're discouraged, the fact that you want to give up does not mean you're not a son or daughter of God. I curse that devil. Look, the very prophet of the age, if it wasn't for the angel of the Lord, what what did that pillar of fire come down and say? He said, "Look, don't drink or smoke, for I have a specific work for you to do when you get older." That didn't stop him from trying. He tried to smoke. He tried to drink. But it was the angel of the Lord that kept him from doing it. He tried to commit suicide. Not once. Yeah. But twice. And then the devil tries to tell you you ain't got the Holy Ghost because you want to commit suicide. Come on. Come on. I'm down where you're living right now. We go through hard trials. We go through hard times. But I'm here to declare you're turning the corner. You're going to make it. You're going to get past the most difficult times you've ever gone in your life because you are a son of God. You are a daughter of God. You are anointed for the job. Hell can send every demon and every devil, but he can't stop you. No sickness, no disease, no weapon formed against you shall prosper. Take that, you dumb devil. You're going to make it. You actually already made it. I said you already made it. Hallelujah. You're going to turn the corner. It takes a mason to turn the corner. It takes the power of God to do that. It takes an anointed one from heaven to be sent down to do that. Look, I I come to this camp believing I'm turning the corner. Amen. I've been going through one of the greatest trials in my life. Look, it's good to be open. I've been going through one of the greatest trials in my life. I don't I feel I don't want to preach. I don't want to go to church. I don't want to do these things. But there's something there. I can't give up. And even when I give up, there's something there that's keeping me. Oh, you talk about grace. Son, you're going to pass the test. Don't worry, son. I never give you more than you compare. You're going to pass the test because I put a predestinated seed on the inside of you. David said in Psalms 34, "Many are the afflictions of the righteous, but the Lord deliverth them out of them all. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Not some. Not the ones only my pastor knows about. Not the one I've been hiding them. No. The God's going to deliver you out of them all. That's right. He says in Psalms 30:10, he says, "Here, oh Lord, and have mercy upon me, Lord. Be thou my helper. Thou hast turned for me my mourning into dancing. Thou hast put off my sackcloth and guarded me with gladness. Oh, I see church. I have come with an expectation during this camp and during these meetings. I'm believing for the supernatural. I'm believing for mourning to be turned into dancing. I'm I'm believing for people who are sad to become glad. I'm believing for people who are in bondage to be set free. I'm believing for people to be born again and filled with the Holy I know what I'm talking about. Look, I've sat in these meetings with a hard heart. Come on. Come on. Not hearing anything the preacher had to say. But little did I know, there was something in me crying out. Come on. And somehow I was blind that there was an inexhaustible fountain. Come on. If I would have just let him do it, but God's a gentleman. He won't force you. No, sir. If you want to choose the world, watch out. My my actions got me to a place I didn't want to be. Look, I I sat in this camp 30 years ago with a hard [Music] heart. I even did some things I shouldn't have been doing. Do doing I mean, look, I just say it like it is. Look, let's get home where we're living. I was out in the woods doing drugs and my Look, your your actions have consequences. It doesn't change that you're a son or daughter of God. It it doesn't it doesn't change that God will take his permissive and work it out to his perfect. But my actions I I broke the rules. So you know what they had to do? They had to ask me to leave camp. I got kicked out of this camp. Yeah, maybe you weren't expecting that, but my actions had consequences. But all the grace of God, there was a blood covering over my life. No matter how far I went, no matter how bad it got, God knew I'd be standing here at 2025 preaching to this young people. And there was no devil. There wasn't no demon. There wasn't no suicide. There was no drug. There was no car wreck. Come on. There was nothing that could stop this predestinated seat that is standing here tonight. And Satan tried to stop them, but he can't. I said Satan's trying to stop you, but he can't. You are predestinated. You are anointed. You are the elected. You are the call. I say you're turning the corner. You're going all the way. You're going to get your victory. You're going to get your joy. You're going to get the Holy Ghost. He's going to turn your mourning into dancing, your sadness into gladness. You're turning the corner. Hey, devil. We're turning the corner. He takes an anointed one from heaven. Amen. And he's here. Hallelujah. You know, I kind of I come to this camp expecting You know, I'm expecting a lot. I'm expecting big things. You come expecting. Come on. What are you going to have? What you ordering? Huh? Come on. Put your order in. You know how that happens at a restaurant. You've been fellowshipping, having a good time. and they come up to you and say, you know, what are you going to have them? You're like, oh my goodness. I don't I don't even know what they have. What What's on the menu? Well, I don't know. We We got a pretty big menu. I don't I don't know if you can read the whole thing in one sitting, but but just open it up and order something. You know what I like many times? You know, I just have what he's having, right? And I you know he he he seems to know what he's talking about. I'll have what he's having. Come on. But you know when my one of my favorite recommend recommendations are is when you ask the server, I don't know. What do you recommend? Yeah. And I can't stand it. They say, "Well, some people say this is good. Some people say that's good." I don't want hearsay. I don't want no secondhand revelation. [Applause] Come on. But when that server says, "Let me tell you one of my favorite." Come on now. I really like this one. And you're like, "Okay. I think I'll have that." Come on. Well, come on now. Maybe I'll be your server tonight. You know what I think you ought to order? I think you ought to order the baptism of the Holy Ghost. I think y'all order some joy. I think y'all order some peace. I think y'all to order some grace. Look, I know what I'm talking about. I've been living in the grace of God all my life. Why don't you go ahead and put your order in? He's an impossible fountain. Hey, you can't order too much for this kitchen. He'll keep giving it. He'll You put it down. Just drink. Just drink. More healing, more Holy Ghost, more gladness. Hallelujah. Well, come on, make up your mind. We all already put our order in. We just waiting on you now. Come on. Come on. We We've been sitting here eating chips and salsa for an hour and you don't know what you want yet. You mean you had a 12-hour drive to camp? Come on. You've been sitting on in the pre-ervice for an hour and you still don't know what you want. That's okay. It happens. I am the Lord thy God that health you of all his diseases. Though I walk through the valley of the shadow, I will fear no evil. Go ahead, put your order in. Come on. We come to have camp. Yes, sir. Quit thinking about the things of the world. I've been there. Could wait for the preacher to get done preaching. Maybe. I don't know. Can't remember that far back, but I know there was another inner man. It was always there. Come on. It was always there. We got a big God. That's right. John 14:40 says, "If ye shall ask anything in my name, I will do it." That's right. Amen. Ask and you shall receive that your joy may be full. Prophet of God would play like this in the resurrection of Lazarus where he'd say, "May there be such a joy in the camp till every heart will be so thrilled till they just don't know where they're at or what they're doing. God, take us away from the sense bound existence. Carry us out there in those realms where all things are possible. Granted, Lord, repeat us another day of Pentecost. Hey, that sounds pretty good to me. I'll have what he's having. Hey, I I'll order what Malachi 4 ordered. Well, brother Matthew, that was 1951. Come on. Oh, you mean the year he was a prophet. I got that from your dad. People want to ask you, well, when did he say it? The year he was a prophet. Look, if my prophet said, I pray there'd be such a joy in the camp where we don't even know where we are or what we're doing that we'll be so carried away from this sense bound existence till all things are possible. I say, I'm going to put that in. Let there be another day of Pentecost like a rushing mighty wind sweep through the building and deliver you and fill you with the Holy Ghost and turn your sorrow, turn your agony into dancing and into joy where you can stand up and say, "I've turned the corner." Why? It takes an anointed one from heaven to do that. And that anointed one, the mighty angel, has come down. Hallelujah. Hey, I say try them. Come on. Come on. Have you ever been Thank you, Lord. Hey, I'm guilty of this. Brother Gary knows this. I I like food. So, if I go somewhere where I ain't going to be back in a while, I have a big problem. I just kind of order two or three things. I'd like to taste that and I'd like to taste that. Gary, what about you? Well, we get a little this and a little of that. He's looking at me. I don't know. And it comes out. I'm like, I don't think we're going to be able to finish all this, brother Gary. I knew that. I just wanted to taste a little bit of everything. Servers looking at you like, "What are you doing, man?" Yeah. I want a double portion. Hey, if you look in your Bible, It looks to me like Elisha asked for too much. If I was the raft standing on the I would have I would have blew my whistle and said penalty flag. Elisha, are you out of your mind? Did you He just asked for a double portion of what the vindicated prophet had. Elisha, come on. You can't do that. Well, I don't care what you say. Let me ask my father and see what he says. My father holds a cattle on a thousand hills. He said, "Try me." He said, "Ask anything in my name and I will do it." So, I think I'll just go ahead and ask. I would ask for every one of you to be baptized and filled with the Holy Ghost. I'm going to ask that those spirits of lust and those demons of depression break off of you and change, fall down to the ground. That the Holy Ghost and fire sweeps through this building. Oh, let it go. Let it go. House of hell, give way in the name of Jesus Christ. Hey, I'm asking. He's here to do for you exceedingly and abundantly. More. I said more than you can ask or think. Hallelujah. Why don't you praise God? Why don't you say, "Hey, Lord, I got my order in. It's on its way. Don't worry. Just a couple more minutes. It's coming. Hallelujah. Elisha asked for a double portion. You'll never get that. That's too much. Your mom and daddy, they'll never get back together. Your daddy's just cross the line. Yeah, you know that's what you say. But you know what? I serve a big God. And the only thing that the worst that could happen is it don't come the way you thought it would. But you know, until you get that perfect understanding, you stand upon the promised word and you don't waver. And when you've done all to stand, stand. Prophet of God said it like this and we're talking about a double portion. Hey, I want a double portion. I know we've had some good camps. We've had some good services, but I I know it's just hitting me now. I might be a little foolish. I'm asking for a double portion. Why not? God, send us a double. I need more of God. Lord, I need to turn a corner. I'm going through a trial in my life. Brother Tim said he wants more of God. Every one of us want more of God. I think God did give me a double portion. Brother, you done lost your mind. Okay. Well, Brother Bram said what he asked for was a perfect type of the church. Well, glory. He said when they crossed over Jordan, he said, "You've asked and what you will, and I and I will give it to you." Perfect type of the church. All right. He said, "I want a double portion of your spirit." Yeah. Don't be scared to ask. That's right. Ask abundantly. You have not because I'm trying to start some meetings. Like I already said, you you hadn't put your order in yet. So, we're going to take a little time. So, you make up your mind. That's all right. Some of us need more time. We need a little more grace. I needed a whole lot of it. Come on. Thank you, brother Tim. Come on. And I I want a double portion. He said, "Don't be scared to ask. Ask abundantly. You have not because you ask not. And you ask not because you believe not." That's right. Ask. Ask a whole lot. Amen. God will give you a whole lot. Wonderful. Hey, I know it's simple. Why don't you start asking? Not just a little. Come on. Ask a whole lot. He'll give you a whole lot. Have a lot of faith. Don't be scared to ask. Well, brother, you don't know what I've gone through. You know, my situation's different. See, you don't understand what happened with mom and daddy. You don't understand what happened to me. I got scarred. You know, I was doing the right thing, but a boy took advantage of me. And now, now I feel unwanted. And the devil's he's making me self-conscious like like no one's ever going to I rebuke that spirit. That's right. That's what Satan wants to do. He wants to put all these things on you. The greatest battle ever fought in your mind. And what happens? You start living below your privileges. Well, maybe I'm unworthy. Maybe it's just going to be like this. my whole life. Maybe it's never I've gone through the prayer line and and I've gone up to the altar and I've done this and that and well, you're going to give up now. Come on. God didn't give up on you. Hallelujah. You didn't think you can make another camp, but here you are. Maybe you've come up against the same test over and over again. And this time you're wondering, well, I just I'm going to be embarrassed if I go up. I'm going to be embarrassed if I do this again. I'm going to be embarrassed. No, you a forget about everybody else around you. Amen. I pray there'll be a double portion that so overwhelm you. You won't even know where you're at and what you'll do. You'll be so pulled far away from this sound existence. You'll be caught into a heavenly realm where all things are possible. Oh, you'll be born again. You'll be changed. You'll be a new creature. All things pass away. All things become new. Your past is no longer a bondage. Your past becomes your testimony. Hey, I'm talking about the grace of God. I know what I'm talking about. What about that woman at the well? When the word discerned the thought intent of her heart, she ran back into the city and said, "Come see a man who told me all the things that I done." Her past became her testimony. Hey, that's what I call turning a corner. And somebody here, your past which has condemned you is going to be your testimony. Amen. Wonderful. Don't be scared to ask. Ask a whole lot. Brother Brandon would go on and this quote talking about how he was riding with a man and he said, "You know, I was driving a a Ford and God give me faith for a Buick." He said, "I got Buick faith now." He said, "Now I'm praying for Cadillac faith." He said, "All right, that that's good. That's right. Keep on. What you believe, hold on to it. God will give it. He's got Ford faith. just stay with a forward then that's all right let's get a little more faith you know I shared that with my wife and you know she quit back at me she said I guess I guess I got Ford faith you know we drive Fords and I kind of thought about it I said that's kind of right you know that's what I bought her that's what I gave her I gave her a Ford but our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ didn't give you a the Lord. He purchased justification for you. But he didn't leave you in justification. If you're still driving justification, it's just because you ain't got out and got into the other car he already gave you. He done gave you sanctification. He done gave you the restoration of the gifts. If that's all he gave, then that then then I wouldn't be mad at you. But he's given you so much more. [Applause] Come on. Prophet God said we got that plus until Jesus Christ is made manifest in the fullness of his power as he promised to do in these last days. When when's that? Tomorrow. It was yesterday when the prophet was here. No, not tomorrow. Not yesterday. Not tomorrow. Today. That's right. Tonight, this camp, these meetings, prophet of God said this. He said, "God is able this morning to send in our midst of the Holy Ghost. He's able to send the power to heal the sick, to save the lost, and do anything that he has spoken to do so. He is able of these stones, said John's children unto Abraham." And a true messenger from God believes that he and he holds on to that Jehovah Gyra. God will provide. When God says anything, how's it going to happen, Brother Brandham? Now, see, we got it all worked up in our mind. When God says anything, how's it going to happen, Brother Brand? I don't know. It's none of your business to know. God will provide it. God will provide for himself. Look, Jesus Christ is here to manifest himself in the fullness of his power. How is he going to do it? I don't know. But I want to tell you, I want to let them do it. I don't want to be the critic. I don't want to sit over here. Well, that one done this and that one done that and they're just waiting for their queue and they're waiting for that, hey, I ain't going to be that guy because I've experienced the grace of almighty God. And I just want to put my shoulder with yours and say, "Oh, God, if you're going to give us a double portion, I don't know how you're going to do it, but I just want to let him do it. I'm going to drink in drink in. I'm going to drink in my healing. I'm gonna drink in my deliverance. [Music] Hallelujah. Prophet of God said it like this in a countdown. We won't try to hold you too long on the first night. Y'all ready for the home stretch? Let's go. I know you're tired. Some of you are going to start sleep seeking God by dream right here in the service. Brother, I asked for God to bless me in my dreams and he's doing it right now. Like you said, don't get mad at me. I asked God to speak to me in dreams, brother. Just leave me alone. Well, hey. All right. Just tell me what he told you. Hey, he said wake up. That's right, brother Joe. That's what we need. We need a good waking up. We need a good shaking. Maybe some of us have gotten too comfortable that it's just another good camp service and it's going to lull you to sleep and you're just waiting for I say we need a good waking up. We need a good shaking to recognize the mighty angel is in the building. The anointed one from heaven has come down to meet your needs. He's come down to give you your order. He's come down to give you a double portion. He's come down to turn your murd into dancing. He's come down to in the corner. Wake up. Prophet of God said, "It's come to the age of astronaut." Yes, sir. We have moved out of the airplane age. Hallelujah. We've got more power now. The astron age has come in. Where is it? Right here. What is it? We've come into a spiritual age of astronauts. See, going above, it's the same spirit. Only more power. All right. Only lift higher can go higher and more, believe more, be more like Christ. Look, God ain't done. We're still going higher. We going to go higher than the last camp. And if we stay here, we'll go higher in the next camp. We're going to be just like Enoch. I'm going to keep going higher and higher and higher till one of these days, I'm going to take a step and I'm going to be gone. I to be so high God's gonna say, "Son, don't go back anymore. Just come on right into the body change." We are a generation of astronauts. Hey, I like that. You were born to be up there. It's the same spirit, only more power. Same spirit, not a different spirit. I don't know how some people can't see that. Come on. Only more power. Only lifted higher. Can go higher. See more. Believe more. Be more like Christ. Not the automobile. Come on. Sorry honey. I gave you a Ford. Not a horse and buggy. Come on. I'd give you an airplane if I could. But our Lord and Savior gave you a spaceship. Hey, you got a theophony. You can travel like a thought. You are born for it. Not even airplane but an astronaut. He sweeps on and above each one. I say God gave us astronaut faith during these meetings. That there's no limit. That there's no limit to what God can do in these meetings. That's right. Malachi 4 didn't come to put the limits on. That's right. Other men have tried to put the limits on, tried to say you can't have this and you can't have. But my prophet come to take the limits off. My prophet said you're an astronaut. You can have it all. There are no limits to what God can do. Remember, he's an impossible fountain. Let's just start drinking it in. drinking it in. Ask. I'm about Have you Have you finally come up with your order? Come on. Are we getting there? There comes a time where the chips and salsa, they just You can't eat anymore. You finally got to get you got to finally put your order in. You know what I'm talking about, right? Finally comes the time. All right, you know what? I This is what I want. I said, 'Let start having an expectation in these meetings. Let's start having an expect expectation. God, I'm going to turn the corner. I like how brother Brandham said, "If you'll only believe just astronaut once, get away from that automobile and airplane. Let's go on till all things are possible." Look, I ain't talking about a one-time experience. I'm talking about meeting Jesus Christ face to face where you're changed. Old things pass away. All things I said all things become new. You ain't got to go be spotted in the world to experience that. Don't let the devil lie to you. Well, if you just knew what it was like, then you could have the contrast. You don't want that contrast. You don't want them marks. You don't want those scars. I I I tell you in the name of the Lord, you don't want to go out there. Amen. I've been there. It's dark. It's ugly. It'll take you further than you want to go. But oh, if you've gone there, we serve a God who's rich in mercy. I don't care how far you've gone. He'll turn the corner for you. You don't got to terry all night. You don't have to wait till you get back home. Brother Banner said, "If you want the Holy Ghost, he can fall on you right now." How's it going to happen? I don't know. But I know my Bible said, "While Peter yet spake these words, the Holy Ghost fell on all them that heard the word." If you put your order in, then hey, I'm looking for it. I asked for it. I'm looking for it. Oh, God said that a great Jehovah eagle. He's right now flying around the building. You want it, I'll give it. You want it, I'll give it. Why don't you just let him do it? Get over your disappointments. Get over being upset. I know you didn't get the dorm bed you wanted. I know your iPhone charger's broke and it ain't working and you're not going to be able to text Joey back home and you're just all been up. Maybe God did that for a reason because he wanted to get your attention. But what is he going to do? Your annoyance. your dissatisfaction. You're you're upset over something, but the Holy Ghost is here to turn that into a blessing. That's what I'm believing for. Why these men of God preach the word, there's going to be such an atmosphere of faith that we're not limited, church. Amen. Look, if if if you can believe it, if you can ask for it, if you can believe it, you can have it. Ask abundantly, God will do exceedingly and abundantly above what you could think or ask. Maybe we'll just work towards a close. You don't have to settle for a portion. You can have it all. Amen. Look, it it doesn't take some process. You don't have to terry and oh, I better go make this right. Look, I know what I'm talking about. I've been there. We're preaching on turning the corner. Look, I know the prophet was framing that to the age of coming out of one dispa dispensation and entering into an eagle age, an astronaut age, a pride age. But if you don't follow the Malachi 4:5, you're going to be just uh left grobing around and Lady will see you. Pick your make your choice. Lady will see us. All all of its wants and all of its pleasures all still available if you want it. But there's an inexhaustible fountain available to you. I'm talking to somebody here's in a hard spot. Somebody here wants more of God. Somebody wants the Holy Ghost. Somebody needs an anointed one from heaven to come down and touch their family and change the situation. Amen. Come on. and turn the corner. You say, "Brother Matthew, me?" Yeah. Would God do it for me? Yeah. Why do you think he's trying to tell you that right now? Don't you realize all the stories in the Bible, all the patriarchs are just examples to you. To let you know what God did for them, he'll do for you. You would have thought Moses would have had it all figured out. He was just set up just right. He thought he knew how he would do it. What did it take him? It took him 40 years on the back side of the desert. But what happened? There'll come a day where he met the pillar of fire. And he turned the corner. What seemed like something impossible to do, I'm past my strength. I'm past my youth. How could I ever fulfill the promise? Now, just meet the logos. God God, you know, God likes it to get where it's impossible. He likes it to get to a place where you finally say, "I can't do it." And then he's just They're saying, "Man, I've been waiting for this a long time. You could have just made it a whole lot easier last camp. Come on now. You could have made it a whole lot easier last time your pastor was preaching on Sunday. You could have made it a whole lot easier when your mom came over to you and said, "You know what you're doing ain't right." You could have said, "You know what, Mom? I'm sorry. I repent." Hey, you could have got the Holy Ghost right there. Come on. Hey, we we we would save God and ourselves a whole lot of problem if we just let him do it. That's right. But, you know, it got to the place where Moses got out there and he met the the the pillar of fire. He turned the corner. What about Paul? Paul Paul was going the wrong way. And he thought he was doing the right thing. But what happened? Anointed one from heaven come down. G and struck him down. He said, "Saul, it's hard to kick against the pricks." You wonder why you feel that in your heart? It's hard to kick against the word of God. It's hard to fight against what you've been called to. That's right. Yeah. He said, "Lord, who are you?" He said, "I'm Jesus." What did it take an anointed one from heaven? It's no different. It's no different. You think, could God do that? He's come to do it. You say, "Brother M, yeah, I know what I'm talking about. I I could take time to tell you my testimony, but there came a time in my life where I got to such a place where I I wanted to give up the things of the world, but I was in such bondage that even when I wanted to give it up, I couldn't. There was another spirit. There is another nature there saying, "You can't give it up." And it was right cuz I tried to. And I knew it had control over me. Come on. And no matter how hard I would try over and over, I would never get free. But little did I know, God was just waiting for me to say, "Lord, whatever that is, it's bigger than me, and I need your help." And the same God that met Moses, the same God that met Paul, the same God that met William Brandon, the same God that met my brother David, the same God that met my brother Aaron, the same God came down and he got a hold of me. An anointed one came down from heaven and I turned the corner and I've never been the same. I said, I've never been the same. I've been Hey, He turned my morning into dancing. You wonder why Crazy. I was crazy for the world. You better re get real. I'll be crazy for my Lord. There's no one higher. There's no one greater. There's no other name than the name of Jesus. Every demon shall pow. Every knee shall pow at the name of Jesus. I will lift them up. I will lift them higher. I will give him all the praise. I'll give him all the glor. Lord, you're worthy. That the musicians would come. Oh, I say he's worthy, church. Why don't we all stand? I just want to take this moment to give somebody a chance. Hallelujah. Maybe you had to fight and claw to get here and all hell was trying to stop you from getting here. But you made it, brother Ryan. You made it. The devil said, The devil said you couldn't be here, but you made it. The devil tried to stop me from getting here, but I made it. The devil tried to stop you, but you made it. Cuz God has something in store. Maybe with every head bowed. Is there somebody here that Look, I I mean, let God deal with your heart. You You really need to turn the corner. You're going through a difficult time. You don't need a pep talk. You don't need somebody to tell you you're doing good. You need a face-to-face conference with Almighty God. But you know, a new birth is a struggle. It's a pain. It's a stress. There's some dying out you got to do. There's some repenting you got to do. There's some anguish. You got to say, "God, I I realize I'm wrong." And you need that anointed one from heaven to come down. Yeah. I'm talking about the same one that came to Moses. friends. There's nothing like it when he moves up next to you and puts his arms around you. I know what it's like when you're carried away from this sense existence and you're in a a heavenly place. You don't know where you are. There's so much love. There's so much peace. and he starts putting that that salmon and balm on your heart. And he starts to tell you, "Son, it's going to be okay. I know you're hurting. I know you've been doing all you can do to stand, but I'm here now." There's somebody that wants to lift up your say, "God, I need that. I've been trying so hard for this, Lord, but I just want to let you do it now. I've tried to to do this and do that, but I seem to come up to the same things over and over, and I feel like I never get the victory, Lord. But I'm just going to say, Lord, I want you to come. I'm going to let you do it, Lord. You said you're an exhaustable fountain. Lord, I want the Holy Ghost. I want to be delivered. Lord, I want to meet that anointed one. There's somebody that wants to lift up their hand. Say, "God, I want the Holy [Music] Ghost." Maybe you're going through a really hard time in your life. You say, "God, I want to turn the corner right now. There's an altar here for you. You You don't need a man to pray for you. You You don't need me to come. I'm happy to do it. But God will come. An anointed one from heaven will come. And that sorrow, that pain, that annoyance, that hurt, those disappointments, that anointing will settle over you. and all of those things will just start to melt in his presence. Why don't you welcome him now? The altar's open. We're happy to pray for [Music] you. Invite him to your chair, but make it personal. Oh, I could tell you how to pray. God, whatever that is, it's bigger than me. And I need your help. That's all I said. And I got more than I asked for. He did exceedingly and abundantly more than I could ever think or ask. Why don't you let him do it? Why don't you just move on out? Make a way. Get along with God and let the Holy Ghost just be with your heart. That's right. You just make it personal [Music] now. I need you, Lord. I need you right now, Lord. I want to turn the corner, but I've tried on my own, and now I need an anointed one from heaven to come down. [Music] [Applause] My hands up my knees to worship and your throne. I need you Lord. I need you Lord right now. Oh, I need you, Lord. Yes, I need you right now. Oh, I need you. Oh, right now I lift my hands. I bow my knees to [Music] [Applause] [Music] worship. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. I need you, Lord. Any minister brothers want to come down? Anyone want to have somebody in their heart they want to pray for you? I want to pray for you. I need you, Lord. I need right now. Oh, I lift my hand. I bow my knees to worship at your throne. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Oh, yes. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. [Music] my I need you. I need you right now. I lift my head. I lift my hands. I bow my knees to worship. at your throne. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. And Jesus draw me closer, closeer, Lord, to you. You let the world around me fade away. Oh yes Jesus draw me close. closer Lord to you for I desire to worship and oh man oh Jesus draw me yes Jesus draw me [Music] [Applause] Oh, the Lord be to you. Oh, let the world around me. Oh, oh Jesus. Oh Jesus draw closer Lord to you I desire to worship oy oh Jesus draw me [Music] Oh yes Jesus, draw me close. Oh closer, Lord. Oh yes, Lord. Let the world around me, let the world let it fade away fade away. Oh, fade away. Oh Jesus, strongly [Applause] close Lord to you. Oh, for I desire to worship and oy. Oh, sing it, church. Jesus draw me. Oh Jesus draw me [Applause] [Music] close to you. Let the world around me fade away. Oh Jesus. Jesus draw me [Applause] close [Music] closer to you. I decide and [Applause] oy where would I be. You only know. I'm glad you see through eyes of love. A whole escapes. Oh, an empty place. If not for where would I be? Where would I be? You all know I'm glad you see through eyes of love a hopeless case an empty place if not. Amazing grace. Amazing grace. Oh yes. How sweet the sound. How sweet the sound. Oh, I once was lost. I was lost. Now I found a hopeless case and empty place. If not for pray, where would I be? Where would I be? [Music] You only know. I'm glad you [Music] see. Oh, hopeless. Hopeless king, an empty space if not for great. Precious Lord, precious Lord, please take my hand. Lead me on. Lead me on me stand. Oh yes. A whole escape. Oh, love grace. There's nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence of the Lord. There's nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence of the Lord. There's joy in the presence. There's joy in the presence. Joy in the presence. There's joy in the presence, oh, of the Lord. There's joy in the presence. Joy in the presence. There's joy in the presence of the Lord. There's freedom in his presence. There's freedom in the presence. Freedom in the presence. Freedom in the presence of the Lord. There's freedom in the Oh, there's freedom. Freedom in the Oh, there's freom in the presence of the Lord. I'm free. I'm free. I'm free in his presence. Oh, I am here in his presence for not the same. I chase forever. Oh, I am [Music] free. Yes, I'm free. [Applause] In his presence. Oh, I am here. In his presence, I'm here. I'm not the same. I'm changed forever. In his presence, there's healing. Oh, healing in the presence. Healing in the presence. There's healing in the presence of the [Music] Lord. There's healing in the presence. Healing in the presence. healing in the presence. Oh, there's deliverance in his presence. Deliverance in his presence. Oh yes, Lord. Presence of the Lord. There's deliverance in the presence. Deliverance in his presence. Deliverance in the presence of the Lord. Oh, I'm free. I'm free in his presence. Oh, I'm here in his presence. I'm forgi I'm [Music] [Applause] not I'm free in his presence. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] I'm not the [Music] same. Forever. All my words fall short. All my words fall short. I've got nothing. How could I for [Music] my sing these songs as I often do? [Applause] Every song was sin, but you never. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. All that I have is a hal. [Applause] Oh yes, Lord. Hallelu. I know it. I'm nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing [Music] hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] I've got one response. I've got just one move with my arms stretch wide. Oh, I will worship. [Music] I throw up my hands and praise you again. Oh yeah. Oh hallelujah. [Music] Oh I know it's nothing else for me. Except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] I got one [Music] response. I've got one response. [Applause] I've got just one with my arms with my arms wide. I will worship [Music] you who are. I'm going to praise you, Lord. I'm going to glorify your name, Father. [Applause] Oh, yes, Lord. [Music] And I know it's not much else. Oh my heart singing [Music] hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] Oh, come on my soul. Oh, don't you get shy of your soul cuz you got a lion [Applause] [Music] [Applause] inside my soul. Lift up your [Music] soul. God lying [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] inside my hands and praise you again and [Music] again. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] Oh, I know. I know it's all right, but I'm [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] else. Why don't you just lift your hands and praise him right now? Why don't you just magnify his name? [Music] Hallelujah. Won't you just give the King of Kings glory and honor that he deserves tonight? Oh God, we love you, Lord. We thank you, Lord, for what you've spoke to our hearts. You've heard our cry. You've met our hearts, Lord. You've met our needs. Oh, come on, somebody. There's somebody wants to praise the Lord tonight. Won't you just magnify his name? Thank him for all that he's done. Amen. He's kept you thus far. He's held on to you. When you couldn't hold on, he held on to you. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Come on, my soul. You got a line inside those lungs. Get up. Get up and praise the Lord. Come on, my soul. [Music] Sh your song. You got a [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] lion soul. [Music] I am your soul. You are quiet. Get up and praise the [Applause] Lord. I praise you again and again. [Music] All that I have is a [Music] hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. I know it's [Music] not forever except for a heart singing [Music] [Applause] [Music] hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, I love him. I love you. Just express your love to him [Music] because he first love me. and [Music] birth. Oh, I love you. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] and perfect my [Music] salary. Yes, I love you. I love him because [Music] first and your smile Salvation. Oh [Music] God, amazing grace shall always be my song of praise. For it was [Applause] praise that Lord my liberty. Oh, I do not know just how he came to love me. [Music] So he looked [Applause] beyond all my faults and all my needs. Oh yes, I shall forever live my eyes to Calary. [Music] Oh, to view the cross where my Jesus. Oh, he he died for me. I'm moreless. Oh, the grace had caught my fall soul. He looked beyond all my faults and he saw my need. It was God's grace. It was God's grace that brought me [Music] out. Oh yes. Into the light where I can clearly see. Oh, I can see how shout it [Applause] from. Oh, the mountains and the valleyies. He looked beyond all my faults and he saw my need. Oh, I shall [Applause] forever lift my eyes. Oh, to Calary. Oh, Jesus took the cross where Jesus is. [Music] I saw all my thoughts and show Are [Applause] you shout for my [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] eyes where Jesus [Music] I for the grace I call my [Music] [Applause] [Music] He [Music] might. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How many enjoyed the word tonight? Hallelujah. I'm so thankful. God looked beyond my faults. Hallelujah. And he saw what I needed. I needed him. Amen. God bless you tonight. If you'd like to stay around, pray, feel free to do that. Like to worship, feel free to do that. Breakfast will be at 8:00 in the morning service at 9:30. Um, if you have not registered or you don't know where you're sleeping at, um, you meet Sister Lydia or Sister Bethany or at just right out here on the porch or across or nurs's cabin, front of the nurs's cabin. This that cabin right there if you don't know where you're at and go see them. Amen. God bless you tonight. Let's just pray. Father, we're so thankful, Lord. So thankful, Father, for the word we've heard tonight, the presence of God. We ask, Lord, that you'll just return strength unto our brother. Lord, the service he's given unto you. Give us rest for our bodies tonight. Touch us, Lord. We pray, Lord, be in each cabin, each dorm room. Father, may your presence just abide, Lord, with us. We ask, Lord, for your glory and for your honor. We ask Lord that you'd go with each one as they travel to a motel or wherever. Give traveling mercies. Bring us back according to the right time in the morning. We pray together and worship you once. We love you father in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. You can be dismissed in Jesus name. All my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so stronger. Every breath that I am [Music] able, I will speak of
