################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-07 - Sunday Morning Service - December 7, 2025 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-12-07
Title:    Sunday Morning Service - December 7, 2025
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   Flagstaff Mission Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 13m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmQ4JvD7quM
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Here we go. Oh, hey. Okay. Heat. Heat. Oh yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey. Heat. Heat. Oh. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey. Hey. Oh yeah. Oh. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Let's stand the Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Hey, Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Help me to hear all of Amen. Amen. Amen. Brother Ryan feel maybe that the Lord would be pleased with this just the Holy Spirit. You were singing or playing just before I came out. I shall declare I believe that you know I'm very as you all are I'm by God's grace and mercy I'm no longer a novice in the ways of understanding my Lord and Savior. So when I fall and fail him is when it hurts me so much because I I know that I just missed it by a little bit. That's all. But I find myself recognizing that. Sometimes I look at my emotions and I think, well, that speaks of God. And it does. Don't get me wrong. But the thing that speaks of God is the word of God. And when he tells me of what his plan is for me, then I grasp onto that. And I no longer go by my emotions. And so I shall declare what he's promised me this morning. He's promised the best for me. First of off, I'll tell you, if you don't know him, today's the day that you have the opportunity. Don't pass it up. But if you do know him, just shut the door. Just you and him. And we're going to sing to him before we take our prayer requests. And all heaven declares the glory of the risen Lord. Yeah. Heat. Heat up here. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. to worship you. Lord bless you. If you have a need, he's here this morning. If you have a need, just uplift it and we'll go to him now. Just bow our heads. Oh, precious heavenly father. Lord, what how grateful it is to have somewhere to go. Lord, &gt;&gt; Lord, I'm so grateful to to be able just to stop and just praise your name, Lord. Lord, we get so distracted and torn one way and torn to another. But Lord, you are such a peace, Lord. &gt;&gt; Lord, you just come by and bump us to the left, bump us to the right, and make us walk straight, Father. Lord, I just makes me think of I can't even walk without you holding my hand, Lord. A lot of times you got to pick me up and carry me, Father. Lord, just ask you to be with the needs of your people, Lord. Lord, we're so needy. &gt;&gt; And Lord, I I believe you want us to be needy, Lord. You want us to come to you with our needs. and just be like, I'm listening cuz I'm a terrible listener, Lord, but you you are not. Lord, just ask you to be with this service this morning. Lord, thank you for your touch, Lord. You're already here. I came expecting, Lord, came expecting to hear a touch from you, Lord. And Lord, you you've already are here, Father. Lord, we just ask you to be with the pastor, Lord, and song leaders, Lord, and the musicians, Lord. Lord, I just ask you to bless them all, Lord. Lord, I just thank you for this time, Lord, and be with the needs of the body, Lord. We ask this now in Jesus name. Amen. You may greet the one next to you, and you may be seated. Amen. Amen. Brother Steve thought that maybe it would be all right if we didn't have a scripture reading this morning. We'll just move into our worship service and preparation and uh know that each one came prepared to to see him and how we praise him. Amen. Amen. We have three song specials. Brother Ryan, I'd like to um my heart's just swelling to worship him. All hail King Jesus. All hail King Jesus. In our Sunday school, there was 10 Christians and eight Bibles and an offering of $5. And want to pray much for those the teachers. Amen. This is the age that your children are not only molded at home, but also they're receptive, molded here. So pray much for your Sunday school teachers. Amen. All hail King Jesus. All hail Emmanuel. Oh, one of these days I'll know what I'm singing when I see him face to face. Oh hell Jesus. Heat up here. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat up here. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. All hail King Jesus. Amen. I just love him. Uh brother Ryan, um a little song and book, Who I Who I am or who am I? Number two 209. I uh maybe I should go back to that. I wrote this down under. Maybe I should see which one it is there. So I write these down and as they come from my heart and then I get into a different place. Who am I when I think of how he came so far from glory? Amen. Amen. You think uh you think well today's a happy day. I'm as happy as I can be. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord &gt;&gt; because I'm at rest. I'm at peace. I know where I stand. &gt;&gt; Amen. So the songs that I sing are the ones I know about. &gt;&gt; They are what speak to me. They're they're they're who it is. Brother Will, you have a friend with you. Forgive me if I should know. Who is the little lady that's sitting beside you? &gt;&gt; Oh, Lord bless you, Gloria. We We think so much of your daughter Victoria. We don't get to see her so much. She's working. But it's wonderful to have. &gt;&gt; Amen. Lord bless you. And I mean that. Amen. Amen. When I think of how he came so far from glory, I heard a man and you some of you go to school, he's a a Baptist preacher and um he uh never he never I didn't know brother Tom was he was helping you out. That's all right. So, but this man every time he ch every chance he gets that we're together. Most of you sit there. Some of you may get tired of hearing, but it thrills me to know that he still gives the opportunity to know my Lord and Savior. I just can't get enough of it. And I pray to God that we don't sit I don't sit here. Forgive me. I'm not speaking to anybody but me. I don't sit here and I don't give the opportunity to everyone I meet. No, my Lord and Savior. Who am I? I'm nobody. But he is the most wonderful. He's the most gracious. You say, "Why does he put me through these troubles?" That is not our decision to ask why, but our decision in our thoughts are to say, "Thank you, Lord. You make a way." Amen. Who am I? That uh do you all know this song? I don't want to sing this one. If we don't know this when there's a congregation, I see a brother in the back. Yeah, he's on his head. So, Lord bless you. I Everybody else know this song. When I think of how he came for glory and Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat up Yeah. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Amen. Amen. You know the answer to that question? Who are you? We're somebody, but I'm part of him. That's why he redeemed me. He couldn't just let part of self go somewhere else. He had to redeem me. I'm part of him. &gt;&gt; That's why this little song, who am I? I am part of my Lord and Savior. Amen. Amen. Standing on the promises. Amen. Standing on the promises. You happy in the Lord as I I look back and Yes. Yes. We owe him everything. Amen. Amen. Standing on the promises. Amen. Amen. And we'll have our song set. Yes, Lord. And oh, I'm standing on the crossing. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat up Heat up here. Amen. Amen. I will enter his gates as our brothers come. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving on my heart in my heart with praise with praise I will say this is the day that my Lord has made. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Amen. &gt;&gt; Father, we have a few announcements. We have a song special, a couple, three song specials after that. Uh the announcements Lord willing brother Ryan whatever is on your heart my friend um you know I have written down we bring the sacrifice of praise to the house of the lord I want to make mention that that uh the children's and they've done this for many many years now candy bags uh Lord willing if any wouldbody would like to donate items they're planning on please have them to the church by the 17th so I think that they've contacted some of the younger sisters to help make the bags uh one of the Thursdays, but uh it's a time of yes, it's candy. My grandchildren, my children, I even enjoy the candy. I I'm the biggest child that there is. So, it's uh one of those times that uh uh the kids seem to like my I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. Amen. I will enter his days with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter my bra. Heat up here. Heat up here. Amen. Our first song, Sister Liz and Sister Liberty has a song now. I'm not sure. There it is. I wasn't sure if it was Sister Liz. So, Amen. as they're making ready. I look back there and Sister Gloria, I hope I'm not putting you too much on the spot since you're just sitting here. But I so enjoy as I sit and see you watch you sing. I think I'll praise the Lord. She knows you, Lord. And so it's just a happy Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. So many times I've questioned certain circumstances and things that I could not understand. Many times in trials, weakness blurs my vision and my frustration gets so out of hand. But it's then I am reminded that I've never been forsaken, never had to stand the test alone. As I look at all the victories, the spirit rises up in me. And it's through the fire my weakness is made strong. He never promised that the cross would not get heavy or that the hill would not be hard to climb. Oh, he never offered our victories without fighting, but he said would always come in time. So just remember when you're standing in the valley of decision and the adversary says, "Just hold on. Our Lord will show up and he will take you through the fire again. I know I know within myself that I would surely perish. But if I trust the mighty hand of God, he'll choose to see the flames again. again. He never promised that the cross would not get heavy or that the hill would not be ours to climb. Oh, he never offered our victories without fighting. He said help would always come in time. And just remember when you're standing in the valley of decision and the adversary says give in. Just hold on. Our Lord will show up and he will take you through the fire again. So just roll on. Our Lord will show up and he will take you through the fire again. Blessed be the name. Very scriptural. Amen. Sister Marcy, would you have a song for us? Amen. She's making ready. My dad called. I forgot to tell brother Brandon. Brandon. Um, dad said he just wasn't feeling well. That's that's where he's at today. He's just It's part of life. I think the elder ones are understanding that and I'm recognizing that a little bit. I told dad, I said, "Well, Dad, I love you, but the song that's been going through my heart, Sister Mary used to sing, more than ever before, &gt;&gt; Lord, I love you. &gt;&gt; No matter what circumstance I'm in, Lord, I love you." &gt;&gt; Amen. more than yesterday. I love you. I don't know about tomorrow. More than ever before, I love you. Amen. Lord bless you. The blood that Jesus shed for me. Way back on dark Calary. The blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. Lord reaches to the highest mountain and it flows to the lowest valley. Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. It soothes my doubts and it calms my fears and it draws every tear. The blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. For it reaches to the heart. this mountain and it flows to the lowest valley. Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. highest mountain and it flows to the lowest valley. All the blood gives me strength from day to day. I'll never lose it power. Can we sing that chorus with you, Sister Marcy? Oh sh Oh, heat, heat. Hey, Heat up here. We can just sing that again. I kind of like it. We'll just keep singing that maybe one more time. Well, it reaches Oh, heat n Thank the Lord for that. Thank the Lord for his presence this morning. &gt;&gt; While we're standing, we we might just turn to the word. And brother Donald, I know you and Sister Cammy might have had a song, too. So, uh, don't give up don't give up on us yet. We'll see what the Lord will have in store, even for the service. So, we just um First Kings chapter 7. First Kings the 7th chapter was listening this morning to a couple messages. Recognizing your day and its message. I encourage you, it been a while since I listened to it and I encourage you to listen to it. It's very, very powerful. And uh and then the message right after that, the same day is broken sistns. So he preaches that twice but the first time he preaches it uh July of 64 and he uses a phrase on those messages that's it finds itself also in the scripture here hued or huneed and he uses a phrase uh that you're cut out and the message cuts you out. the word cuts you out. And then he he goes in broken sistns and he says men have hewed themselves. And so one is you get cut out by God or you get shaped by him. And the other one is you shape your own way. We don't want that one. We want to be shaped and huneed by the Lord. And in first Kings 7 and verse 7 uh the Bible says, "Then he made a porch for the throne where he might judge." says Solomon, even the porch of judgment, and it was covered with cedar from one side of the floor to the other. In his house where he dwelt had another court within the porch, which was of the like work. Solomon made also an house for Pharaoh's daughter, whom he had taken to wife, liken to this porch. All of these were of costly stones, according to the measures of hued stones. That means cut or cut out or adjusted. They're sawed with saws within and without even from the foundation unto the coping and so on the outside towards a great cart. And the foundation was of costly stones, even great stones, stones of 10 cubits, stones of 8 cubits and above were costly stones. And when he says something in there like multiple times, gets me to pay attention there. So that's the third time. Now he said that they were costly stones after the measure of huge stones and cedars. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, we have read your word and you have a promise placed in your scriptures that Lord as your word would be read and it would go forth that it will not return void. That means it does not return empty, Lord, but that you would accomplish what you would want it to accomplish. And this morning, that's our prayer, Lord, that we've read your word, and that would be enough to make this service a blessed service, Lord. We've praised you and worship you in spirit and truth. And so now we ask for you to come down and minister to our heart. Speak to us, Lord. Help us to grow, Lord, by your word, would you hue and cut us out even more? And would you shape us into the very image of the son of God? Would you cut us Lord? Even where it might hurt, where it might sting, and but where we would need it, Lord, we'd ask you to do that to us this morning. Be with us in Jesus name we pray. Amen. You may be seated. And this morning, um I guess this message is maybe a month or so in making. About a month ago, um someone sent an article to one of the ministers chats that I'm a part of. And in the article, I think we have it on the PowerPoint there. Sister Pauline, if you'd pull that up, I'll title this this morning. The I want to make the phrase they cost too much to make. They in the article, if you would go online and read it, it's a New York Times. Um, by the way, there's Sister Colleen is watching online. She says she's always watching online and she wanted to tell everybody hello and uh to let you know that she loves you and and she's with you. She wishes she was right here shouting, she said. But uh someday, you know, someday soon maybe the Lord will make a way. Anyway, so they in the article it says they cost too much to make. And what happened is the United States after 232 years since 1793, we made the penny. we produced as a country a unit of monetary form that we would use to trade uh I don't know brother Donald I don't know how you would explain it but that's currency so we would trade gifts and goods and produce and it's how our country would run and and for 232 years we made this penny as a country and it was paid for things and now in 1800 there's nobody here from the 1800s I see brother Bob he's not that old young people though you might think So, but in 1800 and I thought this was interesting. The penny the going rate for one's thoughts and u that was just a phrase from the article but not much else but for one's thoughts. Young people we used to say a phrase brother Austin, brother William, have you ever heard that? A penny for your thoughts. You have heard that? Well, praise the Lord. We still got a little bit of uh um what's the word? Influence on our youth. So, a penny for your thoughts. That used to be the going rate and that would be a fair amount in 1800 because in 1800 you could buy a lot of things. You could buy a loaf of bread. I think it's the next slide there, Sister Pauline. You could buy a biscuit, a pound of produce. Uh you could buy some apples or potatoes. Think about that. For a penny, you could go down to the market and get a loaf of bread. You could get some nails or tax. You could get a ride on the ferry. William, an Uber used to call. I know it wasn't an Uber, but it was a it was a penny. And you could get a ride on a ferry maybe from, you know, Staten Island to New York or wherever it would be for a penny. You could send a letter for a penny. Then in 1900, you know, as inflation would go, 100 years would go by, but you could still buy things. I remember and I'm, you know, coming up on 50 when you could, they had little gumball machines, brother Kurt, and you could go to a gumball machine with a penny and you could I some heads are shaking. You could put a penny in that gumball machine and you could get a piece of gum for a penny. In 1900, you could buy a cup of coffee. It's it's like 500 pennies now, you know. a piece of candy, a newspaper, a candle, some matches, one mile of railroad travel, you know, so if you had to go to Phoenix or whatever might cost you a dollar, but one mile of travel now in 2025, uh, here's what a penny can buy you. I think that's on the next one there. Nothing, right? Yeah. I just can't buy you nothing. I'm gonna start here with Brother William. So, Brother William, in my hand, I have coins. all most of the coins. I don't have a half dollar, but the Lord helped me find a a dollar. So there's coins, all the coins that United States produces and and there was a time when all of those had value. Even the penny had value. Even the weakest the weakest unit of monetary exchange had some value that you could go and if you know if you had one of those you could do something with it. And now as a country we're not even producing it. And I I wonder if in this case the natural is a type to the spiritual. I wonder if that the greatest value that it ever had. It could buy a loaf of bread. But it had value. It meant something and and now it has so much lost that value it's not even worth producing anymore and it really hasn't been worth producing for many years. It costs 3 cents. I think we have a slide there. The cost to make a penny is 3 cents. So of course we stop producing them. It costs too much to make in now this is man's thinking but it costs more than even the value of the exchange of that that unit of currency. It cost 3 cents to make it. A nickel cost 14 cents. And if time were to go on, surely they're going to stop making nickels. They've stopped in many countries. In Peru, when I first went there, they had these light tiny little, it was like this big, this penny, a nickel, and they don't even make them anymore. They make I think their lowest is 50 cents. That's their lowest. A dime cost 6 cents. To make 10 cents, it costs 6 cents to make it. A quarter cost 15 cents. and a half dollar 34 cents to make. It costs too much. It's just it don't make no sense. Why why would we produce something that that now again just I want you to bear with me for a few minutes while we get to the point here, but it just it costs too much to make. And in the time of the Lord, there were coins made with actual silver. Now, our coins aren't made with silver. They're a combination of copper and it's very little silver even in a silver dollar. It's it's just a very small portion of silver. But in in the time of the Lord, you know, he was sold for 30 pieces of silver and Joseph for 20 and and and there's a time in Hosea, if you're reading along in the book of Hosea, Hosea went and bought his wife who was a prostitute. And God told Hosea, "Go do that because Israel has become a prostitute to me. She's become a she's committed whoredom to me." And so and so, Hosea, as a sign for this generation, why don't you go and do this certain thing as a type of what I'm doing? And and so Hosea went and he actually purchased for 15 cents. He went and purchased his own wife. Now put the next slide up there or the next portion of that a dollar. Now think about this. A dollar bill only cost three cents to make. A dollar bill. It's just very it's a very cheap currency to make it. But in the time of the Lord and maybe this was a coin like the coin that Jesus picked up. This would be what it would look like here. It's a it's a Caesar's coin. It's a Roman coin. It's a it's a silver coin. And Jesus would say it like this. What what what do you should you give unto Caesar what's Caesar? And he picked up the coin and and said, "Show it to me." And and then he showed and he said, "Listen, whose inscription whose face is on that coin?" And they said, "Well, Caesar's face is on." He said, "Now listen, give to Caesar that which is Caesar, but but give to God that which is God." And then what happened? Because man is like brother Donald said there we're born in a fallen state and and and and we're just in a state where where you know if there's a a robbery to be committed a a lie to be made that man has been doing that from the very beginning. And so what man would do with this money first of all how he would even make it he would have a stamp and he would melt the silver down and they would stamp the coin and then that would become a silver coin and that would have value in trading. And then men would get very smart and he would take the coin that had been stamped and he would shave the edges off if you put that next slide up there. And so so now he would they would call it clipping as it was an unclipped just an original coin. It would be as big and as large as the original stamping that had that that that had been made that the the founder or the man approved had had stamped that coin and he had just made it that way and it was unclipped or you know it hadn't anything hadn't been shaved off of it. was just as perfect and perfect could be. But man in his fallen state would think, "Now listen, I could shave a little bit off of the outside." Maybe that coin would represent this morning the entire word of God. Nothing but the word of God, the word of God in its fullness. But man would like to take the word of God and trim a little bit of the outside so that he can accomplish what he wants to accomplish. But then when he does that, he then makes the value of the coin worth less and he is no longer approved of God. Can I say it like that this morning? That that he no longer becomes approved of God. And so he would partially clip it, make it smaller or completely clip it. What would he do with the shavings? Well, he would shave it off and and astute men would do this or or or liars, we'll just call them like that. They would shave it off. Then they would have an amount of shavings and they'd go melt and make themselves another coin. And that's what would happen in the Lord's time is that man would take the original purified unadulterated word of God and they would try to shave a little bit out and and just clip it where, you know, it might hurt him a little bit. And so they would begin to clip it off or shave it and then they would partially clip it or clip it completely and then it would become a coin that was no longer approved by the weers who would ask for that coin and then weigh it appropriately and they would say this coin is no longer approved for trading. And you can say that about the word of God this morning. No matter how you try to clip it and how you try to cut it. It must be heued by God. And when it's heed by God, it's shued perfectly. And it does not change its shape ever because Jesus Christ is the same yesterday. The word is the same yesterday, today, and forever. But we've tried today to clip it. We've tried to cut it. We've tried to hue ourselves out the word of God and make it fit us. But let me tell you, the mantle is made and you must fit the mantle. The mantle is not you cut it to make it fit, but you must grow to fit the mantle that God has made. And that mantle is the Holy Ghost, the word of God. Now listen, there's a word that's used in the Bible, and it's not used a lot, but when I went to study it the other day, and it just there was this definition in the lexicon, and it actually said this, that in one century, more than 80 laws were passed in Athens to stop the practice of shaving or clipping down the coins then in circulation. But some money changers were men of integrity who would accept no f counterfeit current currency or no counterfeit money. And I would like to think there's men of integrity in the church. Not this church, you know, but the church as a whole. I would like to think there's men of integrity who would not change the word of God, who would not accept the counterfeit bill, men of honor. They would put only genuine full weighted money into circulation. Such men were called approved. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Paul would say it like this. Timothy, &gt;&gt; study to show yourself approved of God. Notice he said it like this. Timothy, listen. I've given you the entire fullness of the word of God. Now you study and show yourself approved of God. Show that you are the entire thing that God has created. And he said, "Listen, a workman needeth not to be ashamed and rightly divide the word of truth." Now, that doesn't mean get to cut what you want to cut, but that means share with the people with the spirit of the word and with the letter of the word. Don't just take the letter and divide that. That's not a rightly dividing. But when you rightly divide the word of God, you must divide it with spirit and you must divide it with truth. Doing one without the other, you're not a workman approved of God. And we've had quite frankly too much balance in Flagstaff Tabernacle. If I could say it like this. We've begun to get a little overbalance. I love the bulletin this morning. Just fits right in with what we wanted to say. We've gone to get a little loose. We've got too loose. We beun to shave a little bit where we think we can, you know, where where we want to apply it to our lives. But we ought to say it like the brother said it this morning. Lord, create in me a revival. Create in me a clean heart. I don't have a clean heart. Lord, I can't make a clean heart. I can't do it myself. But Lord, what I need is you to create in me. You cut it out. &gt;&gt; A clean heart in me. &gt;&gt; Shun. He says, now he's telling Timothy, you must you want to be approved. You want to be a perfect coin, &gt;&gt; not a penny, by the way. See, I don't preach a penny message. If you want a penny message, you go down to the Baptist church. No, I love that Baptist brother. And not even offense to the message, by the way. Not at all. If you want it just a little bit more, you might go to the Pentecostal church. But let me tell you, in this church, in this pulpit, we're going to preach a silver dollar message. We're going to preach the entire thing. We're not going to preach it with fear. We're not going to be afraid. But this message that came is not a message for pennies. Don't throw them away. Don't reject them. That's all they got. But this message is a silver dollar Abraham faith seed message and that's what's going to get preached from this pulpit. &gt;&gt; Praise God. But shun now Paul tells Timothy shun profane and vain babblings. That's vain godless empty chatter and it works unto ungodliness. He says they'll increase unto more. They're shaving down. Oh, no. This is brother Steve here just maybe not adding but just they're shaving down the word of God and cutting down the weight of the pure word of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And their word will eat as doth gang green. &gt;&gt; That's what that means right there. Sister Paulie put that up there. Their word will eat as doth a canker. The word is actually in Greek gang green. &gt;&gt; It eats as a canker of whom is and he names them. And I'm I'm loathed to name anybody, but you know what I'm saying? Says that that he names them there. There must have been something serious going on. And and these men must have been coming in and saying things like there's no more resurrection. The resurrection has come and gone already. And Paul says, "Listen, that's a gang green cancer trying to spread in the church and it's wrong. And don't you believe it?" &gt;&gt; And they might say this morning, "Brother Steve, the days of miracles has passed. That's a gang green cancer. The days of miracles is not passed. I saw a miracle this morning. If you want to know the truth, I saw one last week and a week before. The days of miracles is not passed. And the day of the greatest miracle that God can change your desires and make you can't wait till the doors of the church come open. Those days of miracles is not over either. Notice what he says. Who concerning now he's naming these guys and he says concerning the truth they've heired. They say that the resurrection is passed already and they overthrow the faith. Well, no wonder it's a cankerous grain grain. &gt;&gt; They're overthrowing the faith of some. And listen what he says. And they're just going down a little far. I think verse 21 here. Well, excuse me. We'll go we'll keep going. Yeah. They they they overthrow. Oh, I can't leave this out. Nevertheless, the foundation of God stands sure. Yes, it does. &gt;&gt; Having this seal, the Lord knows them that are his, and let everyone that nameth the name of Christ depart from iniquity. &gt;&gt; But he says this in a great house. &gt;&gt; There are not only vessels of gold and silver. We wonder, you know, and it gets in our minds sometimes, brother Steve, what about all these other brothers? I know a lot of good Christian people, so do I, brothers and sisters. but in the same house. And if you want to be Where'd those coins go? Pass them around. Brother William, I want everybody to at least look at them all. You got a choice this morning. You can purify your life. You can accept the atonement in its completeness if we could say it like that. And you can be a faith seed silver dollar or you can go and be a penny. All right. So now in the same house, in the great house, there are not only vessels of gold and silver, but also of wood and earth, and some to honor, and some to dishonor. If a man therefore purge himself from these, &gt;&gt; from what? Purge himself from what? He It's like there's vessels of gold and and silver and and there's vessels of honor and dishonor. Well, if you're purging yourself, you're purging yourself from dishonor. the vessels of the things that you would have in your life that that are dishonorable to God. Paul said, "Purge those things out of your life and and purge it so you can be purge yourself from these and you can be a vessel unto honor, sanctified, meek for the master's use, and prepared for every good work." So, it don't matter, we don't know what you are. There might be a whole a whole church load of silver dollars or or a whole church load of pennies. Either way, if you're a penny, praise God, you cost too much to make to throw you away. Amen. If you've given your life to the Lord Jesus this morning, you cost too much to make. How much did you cost to make if you're a penny this morning? You cost the blood of the Lord Jesus Christ. And in no way will God ever stop making them until he comes to to sanctify purge this earth. He's going to he's going to he's going to pay for those pennies until he comes. He doesn't say they don't have value. And I'm not saying they don't have value either this morning. But I am saying I don't want to stay a penny. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Does that make sense? &gt;&gt; Got too many pennies and nickels and dimes. I I I think we should all grow into the stature of that fullness of the measure of the perfect body of the Lord Jesus Christ. Okay. So now, so now he says, he says, "Purge yourself and and you'll be a vessel into honor, sanctified, and and the master will use you and and be prepared for every good work." Purge yourself. &gt;&gt; And that's a paradox. I can't You just said, "I can't clean myself, Brother Steve, and I can't purge myself and I can't make a revival happen." Well, you got to take the other side of it, too. You can't just take one without the other, say, "Well, I'm just waiting for God to clean me up." Mhm. He's waiting for you to clean yourself up, too. Well, you said, "Well, that there's both sides of the of the coin." Says, "You can't just take one without the other. You can't take mercy without truth. You can't take law without spirit." And so, you must have them both. Okay. Now, now Hannah one time, now she was afflicted. And she makes a great statement in her prayer. She was she she couldn't have children. and and her sisters or sisters-in-law or the other wives I think they were of of Eli or man I can't even think of his name now but anyways they were making fun of her because she couldn't have children and and in that making fun of her they were afflicting her and they were making fun of and afflicting and they would they would mock her because she was barren and then she says in 1 Samuel she says there's none holy as the Lord there's none besides thee neither is there any rock like our God talk no more exceeding ing proudly. Now she turns her her her spirit to talk to that spirit that's mocking her. She says, "Let no arrogancy come out of your mouth. For the Lord's a God of knock of knowledge and by him our actions weighed." Listen, if there's going to be a weighing this morning, brother Steve not going to do the weighing. The word is going to do the weighing because by the word our actions weighed. And Proverbs Solomon says it like this. All the ways of a man are clean as his own eyes, but the Lord, he weighs the spirits. Now, it's not only your actions that are being weighed, but the spirit behind the motive behind what you do every day is weighed in the great balance of God Almighty. So now everything you do is placed on that balance. And God looks at it and weighs it and determines if it meets the full measure of his word. My &gt;&gt; wonderful &gt;&gt; Paul explains who's the judge. &gt;&gt; He says in 2 Corinthians 10, for he that commendeth himself, not he that commendeth himself &gt;&gt; is approved. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; It's not you that you make yourself commended or approved. I don't get to weigh my own actions and say I approve of that thing. Now, what you do in whatever you do in life, you don't get to say, "I'm going to do this and I there's too much of I got to do this. This is just something I do and and that's just how it is." No, no, no. But every action and every motive, every spirit behind what you do is weighed. You don't commend and you don't approve your own actions. But God approves everything you do. It's God who commends it or honors it or gives honor to every action that you might have. He says this first of all when you come together in the church and now he's about to give instruction on communion and and taking the Lord's supper supper and then he says I hear that there be divisions among you and I partly believe it. I I think that it could be. He says for there must be also heresies among you. And here's the reason that they which are approved may be made manifest among you. Think about that. There's going to be things that are allowed in this church that are critical and then God is going to say, "Now listen, are you going to stand up for that thing? Are you going to stand against that thing? I allow it there because those which are pure are going to be made manifest." In this church, it's the same way. Well, brother, are you saying some sure something could enter into a church and you would have a decision to stand with the true word of God or to stand against it? It's going to be manifest what's in you. My what a what a thought. He says now there m there there must be that they which are approved may be made manifest. And God obviously has a reason anytime he does that. You know last sun last Sunday we read a scripture in Ezekiel about being equal. We'll read it again. I think it's just it's just a beautiful one. Chapter 33. It says, "If the wicked restore the pledge, the wicked now and give again that he had robbed, walk in the statues of life without committing iniquity, he'll live. He'll not die." This is the wicked and he he restores the pledge. He gives again. He walks in the statues of life. He doesn't commit iniquity. He'll live. And but he's wicked, but he you look listen. He turned and he he turned from his ways. He says, "None of his sins that he's committed shall be mentioned unto him. He's done that which is lawful and right. He'll surely live." Yet the people say the way of the Lord is not equal. &gt;&gt; But I say their way is not equal. &gt;&gt; And it paradox and it doesn't seem. But God says this, listen, in whatever state you find yourself, check and don't check it against your your own commanding, your own what you want to do. Check it against God's word and then find out if it matches God's word. if it doesn't turn from that thing and then your sins won't be remembered anymore. And you say, "Well, well, that doesn't seem equal." Well, it is equal cuz your equality, your coin that you are has to match God's word. &gt;&gt; You can't not match God's word. You have a choice when you hold those coins in your hand this morning. Are you going to be a penny, a dime, a nickel? Are you going to be a quarter? Or do you want to be a silver dollar? And don't tell me, Brother Steve, I'm just not a silver dollar. That's a lie out of the pits of hell. Paul says, "Purify yourself. Be a vessel of honor." Do it. Be that thing. Not just accept that you're a penny, dime, or nickel, but you've got the choice to purify or not purify yourself. To live fully for God or not live fully for God. To be a penny or be a false silver dollar faith seed of Abraham. That's on you this morning. And thank God it's not on me. I just get to preach the word. And by the way, as hard as it is, cuz some of these things you think, if I didn't care about you, it'd be easy, it would be easy, but I do care. And so, it's like the other day when I was in a meeting and I just felt this rebuke coming forward on this brother and it was seemed very direct and it it seemed very obvious and forceful and it hurt, but I knew it was the truth and I knew he needed it. And God gave me a scripture in that moment and he said this, listen, open rebuke is better than secret love. So, I'm not going to secretly love you. I'm going to openly rebuke not you, but the evil spirit that would try to sneak into Flagstaff Tabernacle. We can't let that happen. Praise God. And I love you. And that's why Brother Bam said this. Now, the seventh angel's message is to to open the mystery of the seals, calling the 11th hour, I love it, gentile workers to receive the same pay that the first hour workers got. Ain't that beautiful? You want a different Pentecost or you want the same Pentecost that Peter had. Personally, I want the same Pentecost Peter had. I want the same Holy Ghost Peter had. I don't want a different one, a lesser one. Hey y, you got to work in the last church age. I want the same Holy Ghost and fire that fell at the day of Pentecost. Praise God. Now, Jesus taught it. He said there were some people went to the harvest. They were hired and when they did of early morning, they received a time, a penny for the day. Then at noon time, someone else come in and went to work. Then at the 11th hour, the last hour day that someone come in and receive the same kind of pay that they did at the same kind of pay. Come on, saint. It's not, think about it now that you know what happened at the Holy Ghost day of Pentecost. The fire fell from heaven and they went out like drunk people and they thought they're not drunk. It's just the third hour of the day. They weren't drunk, but they were drunk on the Holy Spirit fire of God. Oh my, last hour. It's so perfectly how the first messengers with the word, with the gospel, with the truth, they come in the day of Pentecost. Then there was a dark age that blocked them out. &gt;&gt; Then at the middle of the day, Luther, Wesley, and them came in. And then there's to be an evening time message and to receive the same thing that they did at the beginning. He's interpreting this parable to us. You always thought, well, it's just if someone when they're 70, if they get saved, they get the same pain. No, no, no. It also applies to you and Peter at the day of Pentecost. His holy ghost is no different than yours. It's the same Holy Ghost he received that we received this morning. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh, but we must have the same faith that he had also. That's the other part of it. And there's to be a message and receive the same thing. The evening time message is to restore back again to bring back that same thing again. What a beautiful interpretation of that that parable this morning. Now, what about brother Steve? What about the ones who are the they're the not bride? They're, you know, they just would seem to be a different vessel. He says it like this. Now, and then at that time, see, the gentile bride is in heaven and the sleeping virgin, the gentile virgin. Notice that parable of the foolish virgins begins like this. The kingdom of heaven, &gt;&gt; it doesn't begin part of heaven and part of hell was like five virgins or five good and five bad virgins. No, no, no. It begins, the kingdom of heaven was likened to 10 virgins. Okay? So now you know it's not the kingdom of heaven or half heaven and half hell. It's the kingdom of heaven and they're virgins. They're pure. They're holy. So now he's going to tell us what happened here. The gentile virgin is not to be saved during that time. She's already been saved, but has been rejected in the bride and she only goes through the tribulation period for the time of purification. She's saved, but she goes through for purification because she has rejected Christ, the word for her purification. &gt;&gt; Do you remember what Paul told Timothy? Timothy, purify yourself. She's rejected Christ for her purification. So the word then she has to suffer for her deeds. But the bride who has become the word, a complete atonement was made of Christ cuz he's the word, the body that was rendered. And when that body was rendered, the bride was in that body cuz it's all the word. Amen. You see it? Now, this is in the morning. And in the afternoon, he comes back and and and gives us a little more insight to what he's talking about. He says, "Now, just a minute. Will the foolish virgin be saved?" It's a question. No. Whatever happens, she happens. Now, after that time, she's in the state. Now, she will have to go through the tribulation period. And the reason of it is because she has rejected the atonement in its fullness. Now, when he says, "Is she saved?" It's like is she he's saying is she going to be saved during that time? Is that the reason that that she's going to be because you know during that time? No, no, no. He's saying not not during that time she's saved but she didn't accept Christ in the fullness. She didn't accept the atonement. &gt;&gt; That's correct. &gt;&gt; Now just real simple question this morning. Do you accept the atonement in its fullness? Amen. Okay. So now so now that's the difference. She rejected the word the fullness of the atonement. And because of that, she goes through to get her purification. That that's just that's just just the word. All right. The Bible said, "And the rest of them, the dragon spurted out water out of his mouth to go and make war." And what an hour. And we've addressed this question. It seems like it comes up because Satan uses it, this question to try and sew doubt into your mind. But I know people, they're good Christians. Well, let me tell you, if they're a penny, you know what God can do with a penny? &gt;&gt; Oh, in the hand of God, you have any idea what God can do with Don't Don't reject them. Are you kidding me? They're good people. They're wonderful. That's fine. I I wouldn't reject them at all. But but man, if you saw the light of the message, why would you want to go and be a penny and be satisfied with a penny's worth of of atonement when you can have the full atonement of completeness? I hope that makes sense. It does. Okay, all these believers, as we could go on for hours, all these were like a bunch of change out of your pocket &gt;&gt; in God's hands. Notice, &gt;&gt; he didn't call a penny an unbeliever. &gt;&gt; He didn't say all these p, you know, these pennies were unbelievers and these quarters were make, you know, midbelievers and and then a full dollar and no, no, no. All these were believers were p were a change out of your pocket in God's hand. You pull out a bunch of change. There's pennies, nickels, dimes, quarters, half dollars, dollar all in coins. Now, that's what the world is in God's hand. There's some people that can just that just can have a penny worth of it. And God can only use them in a penny way. That's all they can buy. Don't reject them. &gt;&gt; Correct. &gt;&gt; If they can't believe the real truth, don't turn them down. Don't kick them out and say they're not in it. Cuz God uses pennies sometimes. He does. Oh, that's where we go. We go and Satan wants to see Satan's so tricky. He'll be like, "See, they're good people. They're just you're like them." No, I'm not like them. No, I'm not like them. Matter of fact, in my fruit, I might not even be as good of them. But I've accepted the full word and the full atonement for my age. So, don't tell me I'm like them. I'm not like them, but I'm not going to reject them either. See, Satan tell you're like them. No, I'm not like them. Well, well, there and in that case, you could just go and No, I'm not going to reject them either. Do you see the fine line? Cuz if Satan can get you to reject them, you just became a denomination. And if he can get you to say that you're like them, then he's just, you know, he's brought you down to a penny level. But I'm not like them and I don't reject them. I've accepted the fullness and God can use them pennies. I'm not better than them. I I don't lift myself up. I just believe that Christ came and I accept everything he gave me this morning. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Jesus. &gt;&gt; Oh, God, help me. That's the truth of that statement there, saints. &gt;&gt; You're not like him. &gt;&gt; And don't reject him. It's a See, I see it's a Satan tries to trick you. He tried to trick me many times. I see him trying to like that snake on Wednesday night. You know, he tried to bite me sometimes. Oh, I bind that thing in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Okay. If they can't believe the real truth, don't turn them down. Don't kick them out and say they're not in it. Cuz God uses pennies sometimes. Lot was just a penny. Well, it costs too much to make. It costs three cents. Well, the the the the the Christian who you would consider the weakest Christian. &gt;&gt; I mean, the one who you would think just the weakest, you know, &gt;&gt; you know what Jesus did for them on the cross? &gt;&gt; He died for them. &gt;&gt; He didn't die mostly for them and all for you. He died for them on the cross. Oh, they cost too much to make. We'll reject them. We're not rejecting them. And Jesus's not going to stop making them. &gt;&gt; He ain't going to stop making them until the rapture comes and we're out of here. And then he goes and that's then he turns to the Jews. But until then, they don't cost too much to make. He died for the sins of the whole world. Praise God. So we'll take a 100 carnal believers will never stand in their presence. Oh, I like it. Oh, wait, wait, wait. We got to back up. Abraham was a silver dollar. He got silver dollar in that change. It's kind of gold looking but you know now it taken a hundred lots to make an Abraham. That's beautiful. And so it will take a 100 carnal believers will never stand in the presence of a genuine Christian that's separated from the carnal things of the world living. See catch every statement there. Don't just be like a good Christian he believes the minute message of the hour. No. No. separated from the carnal things of the world, living in Christ Jesus where the word can flow through him. Oh, just ministers. No, no, sir. The word conf. Now listen, he's separated. He's separated from the carnal thing. He's living in Christ Jesus and the word, the Lord Jesus Christ flows through him. I mean, that takes a hundred lots to make someone like that. that that you know even that you know he's in Sodom and and he was living there and and his righteous soul was vexed. Lots was oh but Abraham was living in in heavenly places in Christ Jesus and and because of that the word flowed through him. He can only take a penny's worth. That's all he's got. So you see people that say I don't believe in healing. I don't believe in these things. Just know it's a penny. But just let him alone. See just a penny's worth for that's so that's that's all he can buy. Don't stop him. Just let him alone. Remember that's all the farther he can go. Joseph was separated from his. Oh, we see we're separated. Our tendency is to reject or our tendency is to think we can join or we can be like them or they're good. See how Satan is? He's so very tricky. He tried to get you both sides. Get you to reject them or get you to join them. Nope. Neither one. Stay up on a mountaintop. Live up there. Hey, don't reject Lot, but don't go down to his world and join him down there in Sodom. Don't become like that. You keep your eyes on the real dollar. Don't worry, we're we're getting sort of towards the end. Listen, sure, the devil has a pattern for everything God has. He's a hypocrite out there trying to act like a Christian. That don't mean there's no Christians. It's true. He has an old witch sitting out on the corner and a mental psychic reader sitting over there with a fortune teller. She's a devil trying to impersonate a prophet. &gt;&gt; That doesn't take away the value of a prophet. Certainly not. It only magnifies the prophet. But don't focus on the devil. the fortune teller, the magician, none of that. You focus on the true. And guess what? That'll help you identify the false. A bogus dollar don't mean there ain't a real one. It means there is a real one. If it wouldn't, that would be the real. If there was no if a bogus dollar, if there wasn't one it was made off, it would be the real. A bogus dollar only shows that there is something real. You can't have a counterfeit dollar. The first penny that was ever made was the original penny that was made. And if they ever, you know, wanted to waste three cents and make another penny, what you would do is study the real penny, the original, and then then then you would know the counterfeit. And there couldn't have ever been a counterfeit unless there was an original in the first place. We got too much studying the false dollars. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; We had too much studying the false pennies, too much studying the false. Focus on the real prophet, the real minister who rightly divides the word, who teaches it and preaches it without fear, without giving favor to somebody, without compromising, without, you know, faking like he loves you and pat patting you on the back and and no, no, no, none of that. I read an article yesterday. It was about this church popped up on my feed. You know, this church is growing. Thousands of members can't hold anything. And and then the top part of the article said, "And then you can walk drive up to the church and hear the rap music playing in the parking lot." I thought, "Well, you ain't going to compromise. I don't care if it comes down to nobody. &gt;&gt; We're not compromising." So, we just if it fills up, praise God. It empties out. Praise God. We're not compromising either way. Listen, but let me tell you something. What Brother Brandham said. We haven't got that money. You poor men. All we're poor men. You're poor men. All of us are. That's right. We live by the arms of the people being ministers. But brother in Africa, one little black boy about this high or a prostitute off the street yonder in Louisville, one soul saved in eternity. When that star is shining yonder, your name will be wrapped into it. There's your value. &gt;&gt; So you give some to the missions or you go on a trip or you preach to your neighbor or you just walk down the streets of Flagstaff and someone can see the shining light of your your your of your life just glowing. That's a that's a value to that soul that's given to you. He says the shining light. He said there's your value. It isn't how much you got, how much you desire. It's how much you can do &gt;&gt; toward saving souls &gt;&gt; for Christ Jesus. &gt;&gt; That's your value. What's your value? How much money? How much this? What position you have in the church? Nope. How much you do towards saving souls? &gt;&gt; All right. We're going to say a couple things and then we'll we'll we'll begin to wind down. Joshua had a commission to go over and take that land. And God caused a great paradox. See, God had put in order the sun &gt;&gt; and he, you know, the sun even kind of moves its way through the galaxy. Then he put all the stars, the planets, and they they move across the sky. They wander. Actually, the name in Greek means wanderer because they just wander. They followed this path across the sky. God put them in order. He put the moon just in Genesis there. He he caused the moon to be the light by night and and then he caused the sun and the earth and he put everything in order and it was all working. He designed the law of gravity so that it would go and and the laws that that would cause the galaxy to turn and the solar system to turn and all that God placed in order in Genesis at the beginning. He put it, he formed it, he placed it. It was running perfectly in order. &gt;&gt; And then one day, &gt;&gt; someone needed a little more light. &gt;&gt; And God had put everything in order, and it had worked for thousands of years, functioning in order, but one son of God asked for a little. He asked for God's God, would you interrupt your entire mode of solar system and and the the properties of physics and the properties of quantum mechanics and and all those things? Can you interrupt that? I just need a few more hours. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Brother Veron said, "God put a scar in the sky of the momentum of his great kingdom, of his great formation of planets so that Joshua could win a battle." Oh my. One son of God. He says it like this. In the presence of God, who has more authority? An angel or a son of God. You know what he said? A son of God. And you know, I found it yesterday or the day before where he said a an angel behind the pulpit or a son of God behind the pulpit. He said, "A son of God behind the pulpit has more authority." Why? Cuz if you take this word, you got as much authority as God himself would to be standing there. Praise God. I got the quote. I'll show it to you later. Anyways, for the for the kingdom of God is not meat and drink. Amen. &gt;&gt; Listen, let's go to verse 18. For he that in these things serves Christ is acceptable to God and approved of man. So if you serve Christ and these things, you're acceptable to God and approved of men. &gt;&gt; Okay. What things? &gt;&gt; It's not meat and drink. He says, "Righteousness, &gt;&gt; peace, &gt;&gt; and joy." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; We need a little bit of joy. &gt;&gt; We certainly need righteousness and peace and all that, but sometimes we forget to have a little bit of joy in the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; We're going to have the musicians come, but they're we're just going to talk for a few more minutes. And this is uh it's December 7th, you know, a day that'll live in infamy, I think. Was it FDR? Brother Donnie, who said that? So, our visitors, I'm going to apologize ahead of time because this is just for our body. Go ahead and put that picture up there. So, uh, I hope y'all you know how much I love you. All of you know how much I love you. &gt;&gt; And I'm going to talk to you. And this is the third time I've actually mentioned this subject. One time I was subtle. The other time I was a little more direct. And for now, I'm going to be just about as direct as I can be. But you probably still had to read between the lines. Um, if I'm wrong, I'm just wrong. Uh, not doctrinally, but I've prayed. So, if I'm wrong, um, a lot of prayer is goes ahead of me with what I'm going to talk to you about. Um, balance is one thing, but looseness is another. We don't say, "Well, Brother Steve, every say don't watch filthy things on your television, but I believe the balance is you just once in a while can watch it." No. No. That's not balance. That's looseness. &gt;&gt; Uh, brother Steve, I, you know, certain things that I just believe this. You better, you better check yourself against the word of God. &gt;&gt; You better do it. Now, I'm going to be very, uh, as much as I can be this morning, and I'm just going to ask you ahead of time. Just don't don't text me or call me about this till after the first of the year. Okay? So, just right there, just ponder it. Um, today love might be a little bit corrective and maybe it'll be a day that'll Flagstaff Tabernacle live in infamy, but it's going to be corrective. And I'm doing this cuz my friends have been hurt. And I mentioned this at the men's meeting back in July, and I just haven't seen much improvement. Uh what I mentioned was we need to be more consecrated and we need to uh you know we're just being loose and we're loose in the church and we're loose with our families and and we need to buckle up and yeah I'm not going to force you. Uh there's a scripture I read this morning. It's in Ezekiel and maybe it's Hosea, but he says, you know, pastors that have forced people, you're never going to get forced. you. I'm not coming knocking on your door and dragging you to church or dragging you to Bible study. Like, it's not not going to do it. There there there's some that might do that. But my friends, so there's over 80 people in this church that pays tithes. 85 maybe. That includes children and families where their parents would. And if we get 60 on a Sunday morning like this morning, praise God. It's like why is why do we have 80 or 85? It was approaching 90 I think. But I just wanted to give a little grace to some of those who stay home uh for health reasons. But that many people in a congregation and when we have a Bible study we have five. And what happens is the teachers, it hurts them. man, you've hurt me for seven years because you haven't been faithful into the body, but I can handle it. Like, I got the burden. No problem. Like, I'll just deal with it. But when you hurt my friends, if I see it over or they leave, they leave because of, you know, they want a body that's faithful, then I'm going to say something like I'll deal with it myself and just, well, I just am not going to get them here so I feel better or get them to Bible study or the youth Bible study or a or a Christmas program event where it's like half of the kids show up. Maybe you're hurting my friends and you're hurting the body. You're making feeble the the the brothers and sisters that pour their soul into Sunday school. 10 pe 10 kids. We have at least 20. I know that. And and we're hurt. You're hurting their Sunday school teach. Look at your Sunday school teacher and and and tell her why you didn't or him why you didn't show up or why you didn't bring your kids. you didn't think it was important or you know something else was more important in your life and so it's hurting like I said for seven years I put up you know just I'll just bear it but I can't anymore without being very clear it got to stop and I apologize to the visitors got to hear this but um all All right, bulletin. I love Sister Victoria. I know she's not here. I'm so glad she put this in here, but it is so false. I'm really glad, Brother Will. Tell her I'm glad she put it in there. That way I could. A church is a gift from God. Some assembly required. What do you think is false about that statement, Brother Donald? Some some really but I like it brother will because it gave me an opportunity to &gt;&gt; some assembly is not required. Let me tell you what the prophet of God said if that's okay. The Holy Spirit in you will not hunger for the world. It'll hunger for God. If it's hard for you to go to church and press yourself to come when the church when the church is open, there's something wrong with that spirit. It's trying to keep you away from God. The spirit of God will run you right straight to the church. Every time the door opens for fellowship, not some assembly required. He said every time. So it should say church is a gift from God. Every time the doors are open, assembly required. Yes, sir. See, you got to be sure of this now. The time is at hand. The time, you know, for our perspective wasn't at hand in 1988. You know, I used to look at brother Billy Paul and he's like in his 50s and I'm like, "Ah, 60 is going to be an old man. I got to give my heart to the Lord by the time like n early 90s." Like the time is way at hand now. &gt;&gt; Can you look at Israel? Time's at hand. You Russia back in back in action about the bomb. The time is at hand. And so if the spirit's not driving you to church every time it's open, it's the wrong spirit and other thing. Not church is just not the only thing. It's not I mean church is a main thing that we do but there's Bible studies there's youth Bible study there's Christmas program events and when you don't show up any sisters and brothers have poured their soul into it and they like are weeping discouraged because nobody shows up. All right. Every person that's saved ought to have a church home. They ought to be in church and there every time the church has a surface service or every time you pass it, go in, open the doors, go in and pray or do something. Love the Lord. All right, I hope I made myself again. Don't I don't because here's the thing, saints. Pull up that next picture. So, this is how I feel. Special thanks to Chad GPT for putting this together for me. Uh or Google AI, I can't remember which one it was. So there's like a few people there. There's like one or two people rowing. There's a whole bunch of people like hanging on and and we need trustees. We got two trustees in their mid80s. I already have resignation from a third trustee. I have a treasurer and one other trustee. Well, I'll be a trustee. Steve, we'll get in the boat first. I can't make a trustee or a deacon or anybody unless you're in the boat rowing first. Does that make sense? Yes. &gt;&gt; Um, deacons Chase and brother Mitchell are just worn out and brother Tom and Brother Dawn, brothers and sisters, it should be obvious to you the state of these things. And then then we trustees and deacons, brother Tim. And I'm I'm sorry again. I'm not sorry, but I'm sorry. For the visitors, I'm sorry. You shouldn't have to hear this. I got brother Tim back there running the video and the audio. And when he's not here, I got Sister Pauline doing multiple things. And it's like, and they're discouraged. They've been slaving for, and brother Tim would never ask me to say anything, by the way, ever. Sister Pauline hasn't complained a single second, but I hope you can read between the lines. Okay. All right. All right. Go ahead and play some, Brother Ryan. I hope you're applauding that was the truth from the Lord and not what I think. It's not what I think. I see people hurting and discouraged and and I see unfaithfulness and I'm I'm trying to it's too late to be messing around and I for you that those of you, you know, Sister Rose will drive up here with her 90-year-old mother on Sundays. If she don't drive up on Wednesday, give me a break. Okay? I'm not obviously there's situations. Okay? So, we're reasonable about these things. But, uh, so if you live, you know, just, you know what I'm saying? All right. Praise the Lord, brother Ryan. Pure and whole for you. Let's all stand. Oh Lord, prepare to be a sanctuary. I'll be for you. It's your time to be a sanctuary. Heat. Heat. in the presence of joy. Yes. Oh, heat, heat. Oh, does anyone know the verses to really do? Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Yeah. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Yeah. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Let's just bow our heads this morning. Heavenly Father, we we bow before you humbly. And Lord, we start by just acknowledging our own faults, our own failures and struggles in life, Lord. And so we ask your forgiveness, Lord, that we may be more pure. Purify us, Lord, in our hearts, Lord, as I heard the prophet say this morning. Make me have a thirst. Make me have a hunger, Lord, that I didn't have before. I can't make it, Lord. Help me, Father. I need your help. And I'll do my part, Lord. We promise to do our part. Forgive us of our failures, Lord. We know the time is short. We don't want to reject any portion of that atonement, but Lord, we accept it in its fullness this morning. Once again, Lord, forgive me if we've offended anybody by our words, but it's your word, Lord, that we speak. And we ask, Father, that our eyes would be more open to see you more clearly. And Father, we we don't mean ever to offend, but Lord, we can help. when a fire is burning within us, Lord, to speak your word, it it would be impossible to quill or quench that fire, Lord, that's coming up. And Lord, we acknowledge you in the midst of us this morning. We acknowledge your presence. We ask you to help us, Father, as we go through this month and coming into the new year, Lord, that you draw us closer to you, Father. Let this be a moment when we draw closer to you and serve you more. And we put you even greater position in our life. First in our life above everything. Lord Jesus, forgive me where I failed. Lord, so many times I failed to put you first. And I acknowledge that and ask for your help moving forward and for help of this body. And Lord, I thank you for all the souls that come this morning, Lord. And I see the church full, Lord, like it should be. And I thank you for that. And I ask that it would continue to be that way and to grow and so we may be more encouraged in you, Lord Jesus, and with each other. Help us, Father God. We love you. Be with us. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. We'll sing that one more time in the presence. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. How about we'll sing this as we're dismissed. God be with you till we meet again. God be with you. Ponder those words for a few weeks. Not from me, but I pray it was the spirit of the Lord just reminding us to uh consecrate ourselves greater than ever before. Amen. God be with you till we meet again. Counels guide you with the sheep security before you. I'll be with you till we be till we tell we tell Jesus. Tell me with me till Christmas. I'll be with you till Heat. Heat. Heat. Lord Jesus morning dedication to touches before Jesus in Jesus name. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. God for your sake. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, you get We rejoice
