################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-03 - Wednesday Evening Service - December 3, 2025 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-12-03
Title:   Wednesday Evening Service - December 3, 2025
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Flagstaff Mission Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jek1RJ62iZ4
========================================

Heat. Heat. Oh, I see you. How about Hello. Hello. Heat. Heat. Go. Come on. Heat. Heat. Oh, the Heat. Heat. Amen. And are you glad to be in the church house on a Wednesday night? Lord bless you all. Where could I go? Where could I go? Could be stand living below in this world. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Amen. Maybe you could just keep playing, Brother Ryan. Any of you have a prayer request this evening? Amen. And I'm kind of figuring cuz I know you all that if a hand didn't go up, you've got a prayer request tonight. And if you don't, you can pray for me. If you don't, you can pray for Brother Steve and our musicians. I need prayer. I need prayer. If we could bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we thank you tonight. Lord, in the middle of the week, Lord, when seems like the world all around us is going crazy. We're in the church house tonight, Lord. We're wanting to come to your throne. We're wanting to hear from your word and let you speak to our hearts. We ask you, Lord, tonight to move on behalf of these requests, the hands that went up. You know, every single one. And we also pray, Lord, be with our pastor tonight. Be with the word. Be with our songs. Might they stir something up on the inside, Lord, and get us ready to hear from your scriptures. Bless your children tonight, Lord. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Life here is great with praise. I love so dear. I see My soul friend. Where could I go? Lord. Yes. Where could I go but to my Lord? &gt;&gt; Amen. I'm thinking that you aren't all too worn out to stay standing up. Maybe for just one more song. Did you stand up too much today, Brother Donald? Bella, did you stand up too? Can we stand up for one more song? I know at the school the kids probably stood up too much today, but I'm going to make you stand up anyway. And the girls are going, "Yeah, right. If we could uh I'd like to This is a testimony song. &gt;&gt; I want you to testify. One of them. One of them. There are people almost everywhere whose hearts are all in the fire. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. HEAT. YEAH. HEAT. I'm so glad that I can say I'm going to be. So today we were at the peaks. Brother Jim came down to sing with us and I try to engage him, Donald. I try to I let the people know who he is in our life and I talk to him. I mean, he's brother Jim and he's my pastor for 25 years. And you can kind of see that little thing inside him that perks up is Yeah. Yeah. That's That's me. That's who he's talking about. And I talk about your grandma. I talk about Sister Mary. And we sing the songs and I'll go, "This is a song that Jim's wife Mary sang." And some of the people look, they they actually said today, "Does Jim sing?" I said, "No." Oh, you know, I never really thought Brother Jim is a singer, but Mary sang enough for both of them. &gt;&gt; And I even got some amens. &gt;&gt; So, that was nice. That was really nice. Today, they were gathered in the upper room all in his name. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I'm so glad that I can say I want to. Now, this verse is the verse where you testify and you also encourage one another. So, when we get to this chorus, we'll sing the verse. When you get to the chorus, go around and shake somebody's hand and say, "I'm one of them. I'm glad you're one of them." Is that good, Sister Dette? Does that work? You aren't embarrassed walking around shaking somebody's hand. Liberty's not embarrassed. Bella's not embarrassed. Amen. Come, my brother. Seek this blessing that will cleanse your heart from sin. That will start the joy. It is burning now within my heart. All glory to. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, come my brother. Seek this blessing that will cleanse your heart from that will start the joy free and will soul. HEAT up here. AMEN. Praise the Lord. I like a little stirring up on a Wednesday night. I think it's good for us. It's good for me and especially a cold, icy, and but a warm place to be in the Lord. Praise the Lord. God bless you all. Brother Stewart, good to see you, brother. Man, it's warms my heart to see all of you, but &gt;&gt; Brother Stewart especially. God bless you, brother. Been a while. I know you've been going through some stuff with your family. So, pray all is well. And uh the Lord would be your comforter there. I think Thank you, musicians. I think we'll just go right into the word. If you have your Bibles, we'll turn to the book of Deuteronomy, chapter 16. And if it's okay, I had about 12 minutes of a message to play, Lord willing, towards the end. and they would like to do prayer service. It's been a while since we did a prayer service and uh so I think it'd be appropriate this evening that we took our prayer requests, our needs before the Lord and um but I heard brother Bam say just on the way and I wasn't even looking for it. He say you could talk too much, you could sing too much, you could eat too much but you can never pray too much. So we just believe that the first couple verses here of Deuteronomy chapter 16 it says observe the month of Abib and that's like March April and keep the Passover unto the Lord thy God for in the month of Abib did the Lord thy God the Lord thy God brought thee forth out of Egypt by night. Thou shalt therefore sacrifice the Passover unto the Lord thy God of the flock and the herd in the place which the Lord shall choose to place his name there. In the place which the Lord shall choose to place his name there. Thou thou shalt eat no leaven bread with it. Seven days shalt thou eat unleavened bread therewith, even the bread of affliction. For thou camest forth out of the land of Egypt in haste, that thou mayest remember the day when thou camest forth out of the land of Egypt all the days of thy life. And this morning at 4 in the morning, and I'm not an early riser, and I don't get up in the night, but at 4 in the morning, I just got up and this this phrase hit me and it was the bread of affliction. And I don't know uh what the Lord would have in store this evening, but let's just bow our heads and ask him to speak to our hearts. Heavenly Father, Lord, we love you and we thank you so much for this Wednesday, this evening and your presence. And we thank you for a stirring up in our hearts once again, Lord, we believe we can come together and the baptism of the Holy Ghost could fall upon us once again. And we would claim that. We would desire that this evening, Lord, to feel your presence once again. And may you speak to our hearts, Lord. We worship you. We hear from you this evening, Lord. And we'd ask you to speak to our hearts. And as our prayers go forward, Lord, may they go forward with faith, Lord, the faith of the son of God. We ask in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. You can be seated. But Chase, I'm going to praise the Lord. I'm going to switch microphones here. Thank the Lord. Now in this scripture and I don't you know it hit me bread of affliction but I didn't know even where that was written in the Bible or where it came from or maybe I had been listening to a tape and you know something happened in my mind there subliminally and brother Brandham rarely rarely uses the phrase only twice actually in the message does he use that phrase and he's actually reading from the Bible when he uses it and in verse three here it says something interesting interesting. He says, "Even the bread of affliction." The bread of affliction. And then he gives a little insight as to what that means. And brother Tim, I don't know if the the back projector could be turned on there if it's off, but that would might help me a little bit this evening. He says, "The bread of affliction." And you should eat unleavened bread. And then he he defines it more clearly there. He says, "Even the bread of affliction." and then explains what that means or or you know where it came from as it were. For thou camest forth out of the land of Egypt in haste that thou mayest remember the day when thou camest forth out of the land of Egypt all the days of your life. And Exodus 12 uh is where this comes from. And if you want to turn there, you wouldn't have to, but Exodus 12 and we'll just read a little bit of a portion there in verse maybe start with verse 30. The Bible says now, now this is the very the 10th plague. This is the plague of the firstborn children. And this is the plague of the Passover where he says, "If you would put blood on the the doorpost, I will pass over you and the firstborn of your house will not be slain." But the Bible says that the firstborn was slain. There wasn't even a a a family or a house where there was not one that was dead. The Bible says, "Pharaoh rose up in the night, he and his servants and all the Egyptians, and there was a great cry in Egypt, and there was for there was not a house where there was not one dead. And he called for Moses and Aaron by night, and said, "Rise up, and get you forth from among my people, both ye and the children of Israel, and go serve the Lord as you have said. Also take your flocks and your herds, as you have said, and be gone, and bless me also." when the Egyptians were urgent upon the people. Now, that would mean that they would get to the the Israelites and they would make them go in haste. They wouldn't, you know, really give them time to pack or uh, you know, give them time to prepare things or give them time even to prepare their food. And for me, it always I always had it in my mind as something that unleavened bread would be, you know, it's a bread that you purposely make because you want it to be, you know, have less of a taste or, you know, unleavened bread will last longer. It doesn't have all the bacteria and things can't access it as easily. And so you think, well, maybe the unleavened bread was for that, you know, it would it wouldn't go stale as quickly. Or maybe we make unleavened bread purposely. As Daniel said, I ate no pleasant bread. I purposely sacrificed myself here. But the Bible is pretty clear about why that they made unle unleaven bread. And in verse 31, excuse me, in verse 33, it says, "The Egyptians were urgent that they might send them out of the land in haste, for they said, we all we be all dead men." And the people took their dough before it was leavened. Their kneading troughs being bound in their clothes upon their shoulder. They didn't uh have time to prepare it is really what the reason was. And Moses says they were urgent. The the Israel, the the Egyptians made you go quickly. And and so they just had to grab everything in in haste. And he's telling the children of Israel, you know, when you when we celebrate the Passover and you you don't eat leaven bread for seven days. You only eat unleavened bread, even the bread of affliction. It goes back to the moment when they were coming out of Egypt and they just didn't have time. They the dough hadn't risen yet. And and I and I wonder what that, you know, how that would apply to us nowadays that that that if there's a burden on us, it's a burden for our time. or if there's something that Satan wants to take from you. I think it was Matias said recently that that what he what he takes from you most is your time. And and so there's a great um there's a great war here on earth for your time. Certainly Satan wants to have all your time. And God, if you just give him a little bit of a time, it's amazing what he can do just with a few moments of prayer and a few moments of reading the Bible and a few minutes of coming to church. what can God do with just the little bit of time that you would give him? And so the Israelites didn't have that time. And and Moses says, "That's the bread of affliction?" And and to me, you know, I would be like, "Well, I purposely would eat unleavened bread. It doesn't taste good. I'm going to I'm going to do a fast and I'm going to eat broccoli." But but with the case here with the unleaven bread, they were just in haste and they just had to go out quickly. And I think it reminds me of the story that brother Jim used to tell when brother Brandham would came I think it to his mother's house or sister Mary's mother's house maybe where where when he would show up brother Brandham would show up at the house and it was completely in disorder and and they were remodeling and they were apologizing for the way that the house was and does anyone remember what the response what brother Brandham said he said it might be that way when the Lord or it's going to be that way when the Lord comes and I thought I wonder if it's if all our time is being uh attacked right Now, it's it seems like, you know, with our phones and with work and with whatever we have going on that that the time there's a great battle for there's a war for your time. But whatever you would turn over to God, he'll he'll bless it exceedingly abundantly. He he'll bless it more than you would even think. But they didn't even have the time to to that the bread would be made. And and now it's like we don't have the time, but we do have the time. But Satan is drawing on that time. If you just give a little bit of time to God, I think what's going to happen is as as time begins to compress and maybe that's the way that it's happening now. It just seems like we look around and and and you know, I begin to think about Russia today and how that you know, in the early '9s they they were nothing and it was just like they were going away. Yet a prophet taught us that they were the king of the north and and they were going to rise up and certain things and it looked like they were nothing. And now it's like they're in the news every day and the war and there's an increasing and there's a compressing of time and so your time is the thing and and and we don't really have time to mess around anymore. &gt;&gt; I think that's what it is. We we don't have time to mess around. We we don't have time to to play church. We don't have time not to serve the Lord. We we don't have time to to to to just banter about. We really got to get more consecrated and more dedicated than we've ever been in our lives because there is only one place where that God has chosen for us to worship him and that is the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. If you were reading in John with us to this morning, the Bible says this, "And this is his commandment." It's it's first John 3:23 that we should believe on the name of his son Jesus Christ and love one another as he gave us commandment. And then he says in chapter 5, these things have I written unto you that you believe on the name of the son of God that you may know that you have eternal life and that you may believe on the name of the son of God. And if there's any urgency, if there's any levan in Christianity today, it's that they've removed the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. They've removed it from their prayer. Brother Everett, they removed it from their baptism. The brother and I were talking earlier today. He said, "I didn't get baptized in no title." He said, "I got baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus." And so, but if there is something that's been leavened into Christianity, they don't want to use that name anymore. And they don't want to, you know, baptize in that name. They don't want to pray in that name. But it is the only name where God has chosen that we would worship him. Brother Brandham says this. He says, "See, you've got to get in that right place before he'll receive your sacrifice." See, got to come into it. Watch. In the place which the Lord shall choose to place his name there. Thou shalt eat no leaven bread in it. What does that typify in the sacrifice? Don't mix it with any creed. Got to be the word. No leaven bread. Leaven is, you know what a leaven is in anything? A little leaven. Leavenven's the whole lump. The whole lump is the body. You can you can't put one speck of denomination or creed into Christ. I I really like that. You can't put one speck of denomination into No, sir. It won't work. You remember that last Thursday night's me? He says your old husband must be dead. Your new husband is the word seven days. I think it's the next quote here. What does that typify or typify? The complete seven church ages. Seven days. Why? They have to eat it seven days before what? Before going out. And the whole church age from the beginning to the end has to live only on the word of God of that age. You know, there's a question out there and some would wonder if we can live a little bit on this word or we can live a little bit on the Baptist word or the Pentecostal word or part of the message word. But brother Brandham says that you must live only on the word of God of that age. So I think that's how we should live. So your Roman creed, Methodist, Baptist, Pentecostal creeds all dead. Now watch. He said they're in the even the bread of affliction. They were persecuted. He says, "Luther, Wesley, Pentecost is all persecuted and so will you." Man, I think we're getting persecuted for the bread of affliction. Now, notice here in the next quote, he says, "But now, but now we come to the head, the capstone." He's talking about Zerubable's statement here. Grace, grace, the capstone cried, the headstone crying what? Grace, grace passed from death and creed into a living word of the living God. God's only provided plan for his age. His sons in the word age quickened by the spirit like a spark that's lit off something to make it alive and seated now in heavenly places. And he he says in present tense already alive and subject to every promise in the word. I like the way he puts it there. not just believing every promise and not just you know hoping on every promise but but it's like you are subject to the promise. So the promise is up here and you just fall under the word and then you become subject to the very promises that are in the word. Praise the Lord. That just made me happy when we read it. Then what does that do? You being a part of God's gene, a part of the word other men a part of God's word seated together manifest the entire body of Christ because there's no leaven among you. See what he's talking about, brother Brown. No leaven among you. Just the word only, seated in heavenly places in the door where he put his name, Christ Jesus. No leaven among you. That brings the entire fullness of the godhead bodily among you. Couldn't do it in Luther's age. Couldn't do it in Wesley's age. Couldn't do it in Pentecostal age. that in the day when the son of man will be manifested revealed but brought brought back the church together with the entire deity of God amongst his people showing the same visible signs manifesting himself like he did at the beginning when he was manifested on earth in a form of a prophet God. Oh glory I like the way he says that there. Amen. Now in Matthew 16, the disciples and this is I never noticed the location of this where Peter of course gives the great statement the Christ the son of the living God. But just before that the Bible says when his disciples were come to the other side they'd forgotten to take bread and Jesus said unto them take heed and beware of the leaven of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees. And they reasoned among themselves saying, "Is it because we've taken no bread?" Immediately, and I know we've talked about this before, but immediately it was like we made a mistake and their focus became that, you know, he he said, you know, you know, beware of the leaven and like many of us when God would speak, it's what did I do wrong and why is he telling me that wrong? No, he's he just wants to teach you a little bit here. And they said, no, did we do something wrong? Did we forget to take bread? And Jesus perceived and he said unto them, "Oh ye of little faith, why reason ye among yourselves because you've bought no bread, don't do ye not yet understand, neither remember the five loaves of the 5000 and how many baskets you took up." In other words, listen, you want to look at your mistake. Or maybe you forgot to do something. Even if you forgot to do something, look at what I can do. Did you not remember what I can do? Maybe you forgot. you know, man, I forgot to pray like I should this morning and I wasn't as consecrated and and you know, I didn't bring what I need to bring to the house of God. Well, repent of that and then move forward and and do you KNOW WHAT GOD CAN DO with just a little that you've bought this morning or this evening. Praise the Lord. So, he says, "Listen, don't worry ABOUT YOU FORGOT SOMETHING. DON'T WORRY ABOUT THE mistake that you you think that you made. I'm more than able to buy enough bread for the 13 of us, plus 5,000 more men, if that would be the case. Praise the Lord. All right. Neither the seven loaves of the 4,000 and how many baskets you took up. How is it that you do not understand that I that I spake it not to you concerning bread that you should beware of the leavenven of the Pharisees and the Sadducees? Then understood they how that he bade them not to be aware of the leavenven of bread, but of the doctrine of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees. Now Luke tells us exactly what the doctrine is. Anyone know what Luke says about it before we before we go here? So now in in my mind it's the you know they teach maybe uh they teach law and and you know there's a grace doctrine that that they don't teach or you know they lift themselves up and that they you know they they put everybody else down and and that would be in our mind maybe that's what the doctrine of the Pharisees and Sadducees but Luke 12 it says this in the meantime when they were gathered together an innumerable multitude of people in so much that they tr one upon another he began to say unto his disciples. First of all, beware ye of the leavenven of the Pharisees, which is hypocrisy. And that kind of fits everything that they did. Yeah, they they dressed up and they like to lift themselves up and put people down. And yeah, you know, they didn't they they left out mercy and judgment as Jesus tells him. You you forgot the weightier matters of the law, judgment and mercy and grace and you and you strain at anat. And yeah, they did all those things, but what their doctrine was or what their levan was is hypocrisy. And that's a, you know, you put that you live a certain way, but you really don't live a certain way. You're a hypocrite. And this, I think, could apply to all of us if we're not careful. And certainly if I would look back at my life, I've been a hypocrite and and and and haven't lived like I should have lived. And I think we could all testify that at times at least in our lives, we could have done better and we put other people down. And and Paul says it like this. Why are you judging your brother when you do the same thing? And you think, wow, that Paul is flat out telling him, you're you're a hypocrite. And he would get in Peter's face. Peter full of the Holy Ghost. And Peter would be sitting down with the Jews or the Gentiles, excuse me, and the Jews would walk in and he would get up and walk out and he wouldn't want to be seen eating with the Gentiles. And Paul said, "I went to him face to face and I withtood him because he was a hypocrite." And what is the leavenven of the Pharisees? The levan of the Pharisees is hypocrisy. And man, I would I I hope that I don't get that way and I hope that I'm that that that would never fall upon us. But I guess the thing that that that if you always just maintain humility at the forefront of your life and you always just know that you're nothing and that God is every if there's any good in you that God did it and and you put that first. not your own works and not your own ability and not any righteousness that you have. But but if the first thing that people see in you is that you're humble and you recognize that you're nothing, then it's hard for them to call you a hypocrite when when you're clothed in humility. And I of course I think that's, you know, you can't fake that. You can't make it up. It just has to be. And brother Bannon would say on this tape, you you've got to start with prayer. And that's the way, you know, when you get down on your knees and you get you begin to pray to the God that created the universe and the God that can supply your needs and and the God that even made the very carpet that you're kneeling down on, then you begin to realize that you're nobody and and that the everything that you have comes from him. and and by the time you get up from your prayer, immediately you're just clothed in humility because you've been praying to such a great being that that you can't help but recognize that you're nothing. And that I think where maybe this morning or this evening we could we'll put into practice, Lord willing, a little bit of prayer. And I wanted to play and it's about 12 13 minutes of this message. before as I went through and just read it and I tried to study it pretty clearly because I it was one that I hadn't heard. It's a vision that brother Bam's going to tell about what happened and and I'll summarize it real quick because I want I want you to notice a couple things in the vision. He says that he has a vision and there there was a brother there or or a man there I think he says at the beginning and he looked and then as the vision begins to to go through he says I never knew who the brother was and so there's a brother in the vision and a snake is attacking this brother and brother Ram says I never knew who the brother was and then later on in the vision he calls him I think he says like my friend and and he was striking at him and I thought wait a minute he didn't know who he was But the same snake that was coming after brother Brandham began to go after this brother. And he said, you know, that's my friend. And and it it hit me like as it unfolded that that that that this demon power would begin to go after the friends of the prophet. and and he you know he doesn't define really what it is or or how how it's you know well he says how it's going after but he doesn't define what the brother who the brother is or what the snake is but but he does say this that we have the power today to bind that thing if we're more sincere and even he's telling on himself he says now and now what the what the what the Lord told him was you need to be sinc you can bind that thing you just have to be more sincere. And as I look about and I know brothers who I feel are in straits and and Satan is going after them and he's nipping at their heels and and it's like he's all almost got him. And then as I read this today, I thought that's the answer that that if I will get more sincere, not my brother, not you know, Abra, you need to get more sincere then and then Satan won't be after you. I mean, that's fine, but that's not really it. Cuz now I'm a hypocrite because I'm lifting myself up and putting my brother down. But when I see sna Satan nipping at my sister's heels or my brother's heels, what I need to do is be more sincere because I can bind that thing if I'm more sincere. Not on my brother, on me. And that's the same in a church. I don't need to look at who shows up on Wednesday night or who doesn't. I need to look at me and be more sincere. And if I were more sincere, that would help. Starting at the top, that would help solve the problem. In your family, in the church, it falls on me. And so, as I I began to think about this situation, I was praying about it. And I, you know, I wanted to like, why doesn't you just see this? And why doesn't this situation just do this? And and why can't the brother do it this way? I'm the problem. If I would get more sincere, I think that that could that demon could be bound. And so I think it's good for all of us as we notice our families and and and and we see we see situations, you know, I don't know how many times, brothers and sisters, it might surprise you how many times people have sat in that office and God has spoke directly to them. It's happened and it wasn't me. It was I know God was speaking to him and then I never see him again in church and I think but Lord you spoke to them and how could they not come back and and reconcile to you? Well, it's not them. I need to be more sincere. That's where I'm just going to put it. The Lord Jesus did it himself. Why wouldn't we put it all on ourselves? And so, as you listen to this, notice maybe how he explains it. And I hope it'll be an encouragement to you and not an encouragement like you're doing great just keep doing what you're doing but get more sincere more sincere with the Lord. You know we could bind every devil that's after our children that's after our friends that's after our families that's after all you know all our brothers and sisters even sitting in this body who are struggling with things and and we want we want to blame them you know or we want to blame you know some situation. Well how about this? get more sincere. Starting right here, by the way. All right, I think enough on that. Sister Pauline, do you have that cue? Praise the Lord. Just about uh 13 minutes or so. All right, Lord bless you. And now in the vision, I might say this. I mentioned it once. I was going to cut it off the tape, but I believe I'll just leave it on. I This is about uh 3:00 in the morning. I suppose I'd gotten up and I looked were in front of me and I was coming down to the Jordan. Looked like I was standing on the map of Palestine and I was coming down to the Jordan and seemed like I could hear the song, I'm going down to the Jordan. Someone was saying it. And as I drew near the river, I looked back and seen which way I had come. And I was twothirds of the way there to the Jordan. And uh I looked across Jordan and I said, "Oh, praise God. Just on the other side is where all the promises lay." Every promise lays in the promised land. And then I came to myself. I thought, could I possibly have could it been that I was dreaming? Uh because it's nighttime. See, a vision is something that you see with your eyes open just like a dream. You're looking right at it and you're you're conscious that you're standing like you're on the platform and you're you're standing here but yet you look like you're in a dream. You can't explain it. There's no way to do it. See, it's God's works and God's ways are unexplainable. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; They have to be accepted by faith. &gt;&gt; Then as I uh sit there a little bit the side of this chair, then all of a sudden hear it come back again. Then I knew then it was vision. And then when I come into the vision again, it seemed that I was lifted up and sitting on a a highway, a narrow highway with some brother. I never knew who the brother was, but I looked around. I said, "Now I am sure and know this is vision. The Lord God is here." And it seemed like everybody was afraid. I said, "What's everybody so afraid of?" And a voice came and said, "There's such danger in these days. There's a great hideous thing that's death when it strikes you." And I heard the weeds are mashing down and I looked and here come a huge monster snake crawling through the weeds. I thought now knowing this is vision then I shall see what this uh this animal or this beast is and he crawled up on the highway and as soon as I got sight of him I knew it was a mumba. Now a mumba is an African snake which is the most deadly bite of all things there is. There's nothing as poison as a mumba. And the snake of course represents sin and death. And uh there is the the we have in this country the rattlesnake and the copper head and the cotton mouth moccasin. Many of those snakes that if you're in bad health and want to bite you, it would perhaps kill you, but if you didn't get aid of some sort right away. And then uh then we go into Africa and India and we find the cobra. There's a black cobra. He's a bad snake. He's a death by two. And there's the yellow cobra which is far beyond him. And the yellow cobra uh the patient dies with such a horrible death it dies from suffocation. It it paralyzes a breathing system and they they can't breathe. They just open their mouth and gapping trying to and die like that. And that was the type of snake with just one lick from getting Billy Paul when we got the snake in Africa. And then there comes the mumba. He's dead. Just when he he's so fast you can't see him. He goes over the top of the weeds and propels himself with the back of his tail. Just he's gone. Hits you in the face. Usually stands up high and strikes hard. And when he hits you, you've just got a few breaths till you're finished. Turn real. It don't only paralyze the get in the bloodstream. It gets nerves everything. You're just die just in a few seconds. them native boys and track boys you can say mumble and they'll butt their heads together and scream cause it's death just in a few seconds see when one hits you and here he was on the highway I thought well this is it so I looked at him and he looked angry at me and he licked his tongue and here he come but when HE GOT RIGHT CLOSE to me he'd run up fast and then he'd get slower and slower and just quiver and stop and then something hold him off he couldn't bite him &gt;&gt; and he'd turn around on the other side and how to approach from this side and he'd get back and get a start and it whistl and slower and slower and then to a stop and I just shake like that and move back. He couldn't strike me. Then he turned and looked at my friend and away he went after my friend and I seen my friend just jumping way in the air over him and over him and over him trying thing was striking at him. I thought, "Oh, if it ever hits him, it'll be instant death." No wonder everybody's so scared cuz when this thing hits you, it's an instant death. And and he was just striking him like that. I threw my hands up. I said, "Oh, God, have mercy on my brother." I said, "If that serpent ever strikes him, it'll kill him." And just then, the serpent turned to me when I said that and looked at me again. And a voice came from above me and said, "You have been given power." &gt;&gt; Amen. dividing &gt;&gt; the worst or any. &gt;&gt; And I said, "Well, God, what must I do?" He said, "There's one thing you must do. You must be more sincere. &gt;&gt; You must be more sincere." I said, "Well, God, forgive me for my uncincerity and let me have sincerity." And when I raised up my hands to him again, there was a great something came over me. Just lifted me up. seemed like it my whole body was charged with something and I looked at the serpent and then he started towards me and he couldn't do it yet. I said, "Satan, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, I bind you." And the serpent, a blue smoke flew out of him and he curled up and made that sign like a S, capital S, made backwards, an and sign. and means bind this one or anything below him cuz he was the worst. Blue smoke fell out of him and his tail choked his own self to death around his head when he made this backwards s that and sign like a conjunction you see choked it to death and the brother was free and I went over and mashed on it. And I said, "Now, I've got to find out about this because it's vision." And I hit on the on the thing and it turned like that. Looked like a handle on a glass handle on a pitcher just made it solid crystal. Now I said, "Think of that. How quick that blue smoke was life and everything. It left it all the elements and it's turned to glass." And just then a voice came again and said, "You can unbind him also." So I said, "Then Satan, that I might know, I unbind you." And when he did, he started coming to life again, wiggling. And I said, "I bind you back in the name of Jesus Christ." And when he did, the smoke flew out of him again. And he choked himself right back again. It turned to crystal. And then when he did that, that voice said, "Now, you must be more sincere than what you are to do this." Oh, glory. &gt;&gt; Then it left me and I was standing in the room. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; A few moments I heard the clock go off and my wife had got getting up. The children, you know how it is. I guess it's your house. One, what am I going to wear today? Mama, where are my books and what did I do? You know, you just like any home. You can't you hear yourself think hardly for all of them trying to get ready at once. And and so I slipped off into the den room and I got out on my knees and I said, "Lord Jesus, I don't know these things and what must I do?" And the children of me call me, take them to school in a few moments. What must I do? And I looked around and my Bible was laying there and I said, "Lord, if you will forgive me, I do not believe in just opening up the scripture and taking something out of the Bible and saying that, but there is times that when God can comfort you by such a thing, &gt;&gt; and I said, Lord, in this case of emergency right now before your spirit leaves me and I I don't know what to do, the kids will be an hour yet before they be gone. would you just show me if that was something you're trying to get to me, heavenly father, then let me know. And I took this Bible and just pulled it open like that. And my thumb was laying at first Corinthians the 5th chapter, the 8th verse. When something reads something like this, when you come, I was planning on taking a fast to the Lord. I told him I'd go out and fast. said when you come to this feast which a fast in the body is a feast with the Lord. We know that. So when you come to this feast don't come with the old 11 or the leaven of malice and so forth but come with the the unele bread of sincerity &gt;&gt; and truth just exactly what he told me in the vision. Come. God is my solemn judge. come with the unleven bread of sincerity and truth. That is the word. Then I seen what he meant as he years ago when I seen the Bible come down. Got it wrote right here. Come down and a hand came from heaven and pointed down to Joshua and read the first nine verses and stopped there. That's Joshua come through the wilderness. But never did he was ready to when he got near Jordan, God call him out. said, "This day I'll begin to magnify you before the people." And then he took the children of Israel across Jordan to the land where give them divided to them the promised land. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I went to the woods and prayed and prayed and fasted. And now I went back to that tree where I met where those squirrels was that you've heard in other messages. See where those squirrels was. And standing there along about 3 or 4:00 in the morning, Ed staggered through the brush for what light I could see to get to the tree, coming early because I was led there. Then I met him. God helped me to ever live true. &gt;&gt; Amen. True and sincere. More sincere. And I think there is more sincere. And so as we maybe go to prayer this evening, that would be my prayer that for this situation with my friend that I would be more sincere and maybe the Lord would help him if I would be more sincere. So praise the Lord. Put that maybe sister Pauline as the first prayer request, brother Steve's friend. He's not church here, by the way, so don't get your minds wandering. Does anybody else have a prayer request that um like uh how's sister Sakoro doing? Sister Naomi still in a lot of pain. Okay. Put Sister Sakoro on there. Sister Cindy. Remember Sister Cindy. Brother Bob. Okay. Amen. Brother Bob Ignis friend has been diagnosed for the fourth time with cancer. So we'll hold the brother up. Sister Kathy, if you got the microphone over there, Brother Mitchell. Um and brother I wanted to mention brother Andrew was supposed to be here the 19th through the 21st and um we've rescheduled that for February or first week of March. Um but that 21st of December brother Eli Castillo will be here. So brother Andrew Glover will not brother Eli will be here and then we have scheduled brother Andrew for after the first of the year. Sister Anne Paige and Sister Cindy. &gt;&gt; Okay. Do we have an update on Sister Anne? Did she She had that fall, was it? And then broke her arm. Okay. And we were praying about someone had surgery Monday. Anyone remember who that was? Oh, Brother Ron. Do we have an update on that? No. Okay. Brother Tom. Okay. He said he felt like he he had his energy back. Uh haven't heard from him since late yesterday, but all sounded good. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; All right. Anyone else would lift up Sister Naomi. Oh my goodness. So, Sister Naomi's sister, is it Claudia? And brother-in-law, uh, sister broke her anchor and brother-in-law had an emergency diabetes situation. So, remember that family as well. Am I missing any brother Everett? Pray for brother Everett. Mhm. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Would you mind telling the church what we were talking about on the way to church with being baptized ever? &gt;&gt; How I was baptized? &gt;&gt; Well, how you &gt;&gt; I was baptized in Jesus name. &gt;&gt; And you were praying about how old were you then? &gt;&gt; Uh nine or 10. &gt;&gt; Yeah. my my friends, we was all in the same Sunday school class. All of our but we was all buddies and one one dared the other one to go up and get baptized. Well, the two or three of them went up there and so I went up there cuz I I didn't want to be an oddball in the crowd because we got like seven or eight of us and it's all like brothers &gt;&gt; and we all we all went up there got baptized. Well, when I come up out of the water, some of them didn't wasn't speaking or nothing. They was just standing there. Me, I was jumping up and down and tongue took off and I took off. Jumped out the jumped out of the baptism and I knew I got touched. I knew it was real. Amen. &gt;&gt; And I went to my pastor and I said, he was my uncle. I said, "Uncle Johnny, I've just been I've just been saved." &gt;&gt; Amen. He said, "Now that's he" He said, "That's your testimony that you could tell rest of your life, brother." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And I I'm proud to say it's real. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Well, if you are scared to get baptized, please don't be scared cuz God's just waiting on you. And when you get there, he'll be waiting and he'll meet you right there. Amen. And when he does, when you come out of that water and you fully believe in him, oh, your life will change forever. &gt;&gt; Amen. And I and I'm a true witness of it because I was once wild and rough and stuff and and the outlaw and I was heck on wheels, but I had a God that still had a hand. &gt;&gt; Three times I faced death. And this fourth one, I don't want to face death no more. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; This is the way I want to die right here in the hands of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And I'm done. And I knew in my heart when he took me out to eat with him, I felt the Holy Ghost in him. And it just come like fire back inside my body again. And I felt life again. I said, "Oh, this is what it's about. It's coming back to me." And then it came back to me full &gt;&gt; and I could I had been able to stop thinking about it since being mate. &gt;&gt; But I'm telling you, it's real. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And it'll keep you. &gt;&gt; Amen. Thank you, brother Everett, for that testimony. Appreciate that, brother. &gt;&gt; It is real and it will change your life. If there's nobody else, we'll go to prayer at this time and have brother Tim put uh some music on there. So, and brother Everett, sister Katherine. Amen. Yeah, we'll do that. Amen. We'll go to prayer at this time. Lord bless you.
