################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-20 - Not Forsaken - Alexander Magoulas - Alexander Magoulas, Not Forsaken - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-20
Title:   Not Forsaken - Alexander Magoulas
Speaker: Alexander Magoulas, Not Forsaken
Church:  Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i0NSk8XxbUA
========================================

the ocean. You can only this song from the words to leave me words alone. I know I know my redeemer. [Music] this morning. Yes, [Music] I praise God. All creation test my redeemer lives. They bless the second verse. The very same God who sits things in orbit. Oh, just think about that. Hear us to the weary, the weak and the sing gentle hands. They call me when I'm broken. Yes. To bring me victory. Aren't you glad about that? I know. Yes. My redeemer lives. Praise God. I'm your redeemer. My redeemer is. So let all creation testify. Let this life within me cry. I know my redeemer. Sing that second verse just one more time. Oh, that very same God who spins things in orbit. Oh, he runs to the weary. The wall. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, and the same gentle hands that hold me when I aren't you glad you know those hands in him, they conquer death just to bring me victory. Hallelujah. And I know that my redeemer and he lives within my heart this morning. Yes, I know. [Music] My redeemer lives. So let all of creation testify. Let this life within me cry. I know. Oh, and he lives to take away my shame. I'm so glad he lives. And forever I will proclaim. Whoever came in for my sin was a precious life he gave. Oh, now he's alive. And now he's alive this morning. There's an empty grave. And I can testify that I know my redeemer lives. Oh, I'm so bad. I know. Aren't you so thankful for that this morning? My redeemer lives. Let all creation testify. Let this life within me cry that I know that my redeemer. Oh, and he lives to take away my shame. Aren't you thankful? Oh, and he lives and forever I will proclaim that the payment for my sin. Oh, it was the precious life he gave. Thank you, Lord. And now he is alive. And there's still an empty grave. And I know my redeemer lives. Oh yes, he does. Yes, I know my redeemer lives. is. So let all of creation testify. Let this life within me cry. I know the my [Music] redeemer. Let all creation testify. Let this life within me cry. I know that my [Music] redeemer lives. Hallelujah. Oh, aren't you glad he's alive this morning? Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Somebody say, "Thank you, Lord Jesus." Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Lord. We're so glad that you're living, Lord. And that the best part about it is he's living in our hearts. Amen. Let's all stand this morning. Let's sing. Our God rings. Our God reigns this morning. Amen. Aren't you glad that he reigns this [Music] morning? Amen. Help me sing this morning. Let's declare it this morning that he's alive. Amen. Our God reigns. Wo our God [Music] reigns. Our God reigns. Yes, he reigns. Oh my God. Oh my God raise. Our God raise this morning. My [Applause] God. Hallelujah. Oh, he raises. He reigns. Oh my God reign. Thank God he reigns. Oh my God reigns. We'll just sing it once again. Our God reigns. Oh my God reigns. And he's living within our hearts this morning. Oh my God. Hallelujah. Oh my God reign. Yes, he reigns. I know. Oh, let's sing this now. He's alive. I'm glad that he's alive. Oh, he's alive. Aren't you glad he's alive? Oh, he's alive. Yes, he is. Oh, yes, he's alive. Let's sing. He's alive once again. Oh, I'm so glad that my God is alive. My God is alive. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, my God is alive. Yes, he is alive. Oh, just one more time. Our God rings. Let's declare it this morning. Amen. Oh, my God reigns. How many know he does? Oh, thank you, Lord. We're so glad that you reign, Lord, this morning. Oh, my God reigns. Yes, my God reigns. My God reigns. Yes, he reigns. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. We thank you, Lord Jesus. Aren't you glad that he's alive this morning? Aren't you glad that he reigns? Amen. Praise the Lord. I'm so glad. Hallelujah. I'm so glad that he got up because when he got up, that changed everything. Glory to God. Amen. Aren't you glad that he's alive? That he reigns this morning. Amen. The best part about it is that he lives in your heart. Amen. That same power that rose Jesus Christ from the grave is living in you this morning. Amen. Aren't you so glad about that? Praise God. I don't say I'm I'm so thankful for it. We got We can certainly got a lot to be thankful for. Amen. Praise be to God. Amen. Amen. Amen. We just have just a few prayer requests this morning. Amen. How many knows that our God is more than able? The mighty conqueror, our risen savior is able to take care of these needs. You believe that? Amen. He certainly is. Amen. I ask brother Shane if you would mind. Amen. Amen. Taking these prayer requests for the Lord. Amen. Amen. Have to forgive me. am I know I say a lot. I'm not really the best reader, so just bear with me. But we'll try by God's grace. Amen. This is an unspoken prayer request. The Lord knows. Amen. So God knows that need that situation. This is a prayers for our pastor in Canada and for a safe return home. Amen. Just remember our brother in prayer. God just be with him. Keep him safe. Be with him in the services over there. This is uh from This is from brother Bill Sanchez says for my sister Norma her shoulder is in such pain. Amen. So just remember Amen. Brother Bill sister and prayer that God would just touch her and be with her this morning. Amen. This is from sister Judith. Amen. Says shalom. I'm requesting prayer for Diane Weber's family, my coworker. May the Lord bring peace and harmony that been lost into their family. Oh man. Just pray that God would just restore that. Amen. God be with them. Amen. This is from Sister Naomi says, "Pray for lost loved ones." Amen. Amen. God knows where they're at. He knows where they're at. Amen. This is from Sister Stephanie says to please uh continue to pray for my friend Heather, for Gilbert Lanny to come back to the Lord, and for my granddaughter Scarlet as she is running a fever and has a cold. God bless sister Stephanie. Amen. Many different needs. Many needs are serious, but there's not need that's too great for our Lord. Amen. Amen. How many has a need might lifted hand? Amen. Brother Shane should come brother this time. Appreciate our brother, don't we? Amen. Appreciate you, brother. Just borrow his gracious heavenly father. Oh Lord, just sweet presence here this morning. Lord, just thinking that you are alive, Lord, and in our midst, Father. Lord, these requests that are on the hearts of your children, Lord, you knew before that pen touched the paper, Lord. And Father, we just commit all of these requests into your hands, Lord Jesus, because you are more than able, Father. Lord, just set our minds aside from the cares of life. And Lord, just focus on what you have in store for us right here, right now, Lord. We want to know that you are welcome, Lord, in every seat and in every row. Search our hearts, Lord. If there'd be anything in our lives that are unlike you, may you cleanse us, Father. Just be free to move this morning. Watch over our pastor, Lord. Give them safe travels and strength. And Lord, I know you'd love to be here, Lord. But may you just minister and use them there, Lord, to the people, Father. These requests of lost loved ones, Father, once again, remembering if it hadn't been for your grace, Lord, we wouldn't be here, Lord. You still are in the saving business, Lord. And may you just move in these requests, Father. We commit them into your hands. We love you in Jesus name. Amen. Man, why don't you turn around and shake hands with someone for seated? Amen. As brothers, come to take the tithe offerings as well. Amen. Amen. Thank the Lord. He's risen. Amen. He's alive living in our hearts. Praise God for that. Amen. Amen. And y'all can be seated if you amen too as well. Praise the Lord. And let's sing this song. Amen. Lord, I lift your name on high. Lord, I lift your name on high. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Let's just worship the Lord this morning just for a little bit. Amen. He's done so much for us. [Music] Amen. Oh, Lord, I lift your name on high. Lord, I love to sing your praises. I'm so glad. I'm so glad you're in my life. Oh, I'm so glad you came to save. Lord, I lift your name. Lord, I lift once again. Oh Lord, I lift your name on high. That's what I want to do this morning. about you. Oh Lord, I love to see your praises. I'm so glad. I'm so glad you're in my life. Oh, I'm so glad you came to save us. Oh, you came from heaven to earth to show the way. From the earth to the cross. I dare to f from the cross to the grave. From the grave to the sky. Lord, I lift your name on high. Let's lift his name high this morning. Amen. Oh Lord, I lift your name on high. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh Lord, I love to sing your praises. I'm so glad. I'm so glad you're in my life. And I'm so glad you came to save. You came from heaven and earth. You came from heaven to earth. Oh gesture show the way from the earth to the cross. I dare to from the cross to the grave. From the grave. Oh Lord I lift your name. You came from heaven to earth to shore. You went out there. From the earth to the cross. I from the cross to the grave. From the grave to the sky. Oh Lord, I lift your name. From the cross to the grave. From the grave to the sky, Lord, I lift your name on high. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad about that this morning? Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's just sing this song. Amen. Freedom to worship, freedom to praise. Amen. Amen. We got the freedom to worship. Amen. He gave us liberty. Amen. So we can worship him. Amen. As sons and daughters of God. Amen. Help me sing it. Amen. Of course. Oh, I've got freedom to worship, freedom to praise, freedom to walk in his freedom ways, freedom to sing. I've got the freedom to dance. Oh, I haven't given a second chance. I'm not going back to the end of his kingdom. I tasted freedom. Aren't you mad about that this one more time? Freedom to worship, freedom to praise, freedom to walk in his freedom, freedom to sing, freedom to dance. I g a second chance. I'm not going back to the enies kingom. I'll taste your freedom. Oh hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. I'm not a prisoner. No, I'm not a prisoner anymore. My soul and joy. Oh, my soul and joy has been restored. He broke the chains. Oh, he broke the chains that once held me. Hallelujah. Oh, that son has made me free in me. And when I can shout, freedom to worship, freedom to praise, freedom to walk in his freedom to face, freedom to sing. Oh, I'm g second chance. And I'm not going back to the enem. I taste freom. I taste fre. Hallelujah. I like this verse right here. His love destroyed the gest. Just one touch. It was just one touch and I'll move again. Hallelujah. Oh, no longer bound by anything. each day. Hallelujah. Oh, each day I'm going to let my freom and I can sing. Freedom to worship, praise, freedom to walk in the street. I've got the freedom to sing. I've got the freedom to dance. I haven't given a second chance and I'm not going back to the enem. I taste your freedom. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Lord, for the freedom to worship, the freedom to praise, the freedom to walk. Oh, I'm so thankful for the freedom, freedom to sing, the freedom to dance. Oh, when I'm not going back to the [Music] ene. Oh, hallelujah. I want you to see that second verse just one more time. Is destroyed. Amen. Aren't you glad? His love destroyed the cage of sin. All it took was just one touch. It was just one touch and I'm new again. Hallelujah. Oh, I'm no longer bound by anything. Amen. Each day I'll let my freedom. Amen. Oh, freedom to worship. Freedom to God. [Music] Oh, I have gi and I'm not going back to the end of his kingdom. I'll chase your freedom. Amen. I just bless you. [Music] [Music] Freedom to race, freedom to walk in a freedom race. I've got the freedom to sing, the freedom to dance. I haven't gi chance. We're not going back to the end of his kingdom. We tasted freedom. Oh, how we all just see that once again. Freedom to worship. I've got freedom to worship, freedom to praise, freedom to walk in, freedom to sing, the freedom to dance. I have been given back to the enemy's kingdom. We taste your freedom. Oh, he has a freedom to worship, freedom to praise, freedom to walk in his freedom. I've got the freedom to sing, freedom to dance. I haven't been given a second chance. I'm not going back to the enemy's kingdom. I taste your freedom. I taste your way this morning. I'll just raise your hand. Oh, thank God for that. I taste your freedom. Oh yes, I have. Oh, I taste your [Music] freom. Hallelujah. Oh, praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Lord, for freedom, Lord. Thank you for setting us free, Lord, for setting us free from sin and shame, Lord God. We thank you, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Aren't you glad that you're free this morning? We got freedom to worship. Freedom. Praise the Lord. Praise God. My I'm getting excited. All right. How about you? Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Brother Brian Hannah has a special for us this morning. Brother Brian Jr. Amen. I certainly appreciate our brother. Amen. As he makes us pray for amen. Let's sing that course once again. A freedom to worship, freedom to praise, a freedom to walk in his freedom ways, a freedom to sing, freedom to dance. I haven't given a second chance. I'm not going back to the enemy's kingdom. I tasted freedom. Oh yes, I have. Sing that course just one more time. I've got the freedom to worship, the freedom to praise, the freedom to walk in the street ways, the freedom to sing, the freedom to dance. Oh, I have been given a second chance. I'm not going back into the enemy's kingdom. I'll taste your freedom. Oh yes, I have. Yes, I have. Lord, I tasted freedom. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God bless you, brother. Good to see you everybody. This song has uh meant a lot to me recently. Uh Lord, I need you. I think we have it back there. I've sang it here before, but just worship with me. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Lord, I come. Oh, I confess. I'm bowing here. I find my rest. Without you, I fall apart. You're the one that guides my heart. And Lord, I need you. Oh, I need you every hour. I need you. You're my one and defense, my rightousness. Oh God, how I need you. [Music] [Applause] Oh Lord, I come. Oh, I confess I'm bowing here. I find my rest. Without you, I fall apart. You're the one that guides my heart. And Lord, I need you. Oh, I need you. Every hour I need you. You're my one and defense, my rightousness. Oh God, how I need you. Where sin runs deep, your grace is more. Where grace is found is where you are. And where you are Lord I am free. Holy is Christ in me. Lord I need you. Oh, I need you every hour. I need you. You're my one and defense, my rightousness. Oh God, how I need you. You're my one defense, my rightousness. Oh God, how I need you. And I I'm desperate for you, my Lord. [Applause] And I I'm lost without you, my Lord. And I I'm desperate for you, my Lord. You're my one and defense, my rightousness. Oh God, how I need you. [Applause] [Music] Thank you, brother Brian. Hallelujah. May God give one more hand clap of praise. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord. We need you, Lord. We need you, Father. Amen. Oh, amen. Amen. We need him every hour, don't we? Every moment, every day. And Easter is not just today. It's every day of our lives. Amen. For us. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Amen. Just just real quick before we change the order of the service, I just want to say God bless to all the visitors. All of you that are visiting with us in our gates this morning, want to say God bless you. Welcome you. Amen. Pray the service be blessing to you. Amen. This is a sorry can never get this open this iPad. Uh this is a kind of a new song. I know sister Rosanne, she sang it as a special one time, but we're going to try to sing as a congregational. Amen. Poor brother Alexander Councel will sing uh holy forever. Holy forever. Amen. We'll try this. We me and the guys we practiced this last night. So it sounds rusty. Forgive us. Amen. Just worship the Lord. Amen. Before our brother comes. Sing the first verse. A thousand generations falling down in worship to sing the song of ages to the land. And all and all who've gone before us and all who will believe will sing the song of ages to the land. Sing your name. Your name is the highest. Your name is the greatest. Your name stands above them all. All thrones. All thrones and dominions. All powers and positions. Your name stands above them all. And the angels rise. Oh yes. Holy. All creation cries. Holy Lord. You are lifted high. Holy. Holy forever. Let's sing the second verse. If you've been forgiven, oh, and if you've been forgi and if you've been redeemed, oh, let's sing. Let's sing the song forever to the land. If you walk in freedom. Oh, and if you walk in freedom. Oh, and if you bear his name, let's sing a song forever to the lamb. We'll sing. Oh, we will sing a song forever. And amen. And the angels cry, "Holy, all creation cries, holy Lord, you are lifted high, oh holy, holy forever. Hear your people sing. Hear your people sing. Holy, holy to the King of Kings. Holy. You will always be holy. Yes, Lord. Holy [Applause] forever. Sing of course once again as our brother comes for your name is the highest. Your name is the greatest. Your Let's all stand this morning. Stand above them all. All thrones. Oh, all thrones and dominions. All powers and positions. Your own name. It stands above them all. And the angels cry. Holy. All creation cries. Holy Lord. You're lifted high. You're lifted high. Holy. Holy forever. [Music] Oh. Oh. Hear your bride sing. Oh, hear your people sing. We say holy, holy to our king of kings. Holy. You will always be. Yes, Lord. Holy, holy forever. And the angels cry. And the angels cry, holy, all creation cry. Holy. You are lifted high, holy, holy, [Music] forever. Why don't you just praise him this morning? Thank him for another day of life that he's given us. Amen. We just thank you, Lord, today. Lord, we're here today because you're holy, Lord. and you've made a declaration over us that we would be holy and accepted in the beloved. We're so thankful today. Would you just pray with me this morning? Father, we thank you today. We cry out with the angels, holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty. Holy, holy, holy. The earth is filled with your glory. Lord, we we worship you. We thank you today, Lord. Lord, you're worthy of all the praise we could ever give. Lord, you made a way for us when there was no way. Lord, we thank you today in our darkest trial, in our darkest hour. Lord, we we can look and recognize, Lord, that that joy comes in the morning. That there's an empty grave today that bears witness that because you live, we shall live also. We live today. Lord, you're not far, but you're near unto us. In you, we live and move and have our being. Lord, we give you the praise now. We just ask you come bless the remainder of this service. Lord, you're so near to us right now. Lord, we're we're very aware of your presence with us. And we just we want to cherish the time. Redeem the time. Lord, we we see the world's fallen apart. Lord, we see the signs of the time all around us. But we are aware that we have received a kingdom which cannot be removed. And we are not just citizens of that kingdom, but parts of the family of God. Lord, we're so thankful to be your dear children today. Bless this time we pray. Bless the reading of your word and the ministering thereof. Lord, you're mindful of your children today, Lord. The scripture you've declared that you know our frame that we're but dust. You you pity us as you do small children, Lord. We're so thankful today that you are mindful of every situation and of every trial that each one of us is going through today, Lord. And we we can trust you with our tomorrow. We can trust you with our lives and our hearts and our souls. And we just we give you the praise now. We ask, we invite you. We welcome you to come and have preeminence in this place. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. God bless you. It's certainly good to be with you here today once again. And we just count it a privilege. I want to greet you all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Before I take my scripture this morning, do we have any first-time visitors? Anybody new here? Is there anybody that's their first time? Okay. I just want to make sure it's Easter and sometimes people show up and and uh you know sometimes you know as message believers we we start preaching a certain thing and people are like what are you talking about? So you know I I try to be very aware as a minister that that people know where I'm coming from. So you know if I say something about an eagle belt buckle you all know what I'm talking about. But the average person would be like you're nuts. So uh just uh just if we have any visitors we just want to welcome you and uh greet you all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. What a what a what a nice day we have today. Amen. I tell you what, the sun's out, the sun's up. It's uh it's a good time. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, we just are real blessed to be with you. Um if you have your Bibles this morning, I'd invite you to turn with me to the book of St. John the 20th chapter. And uh since you all are familiar with the scripture, I can I can save you a few minutes here. This is one of the stories of the resurrection, of course, that you're probably all familiar with. And uh I actually want to start in the 10th verse just for the sake of time. This is after uh Mary Magdalene. She comes to the suppler. She sees it's empty. The stone's been rolled away. Of course, Simon Peter and John, they run to the tomb. They check it out. It's empty. They they realize it's not there. And so after all that takes place, the Bible says this in verse 10. It says, ' Then the disciples went away again unto their own home. But Mary stood without at the suppler weeping. And as she wept, she stooped down and looked into the supplicer, and seeth two angels in white sitting, one at the head, and the other at the feet where the body of Jesus had lain. And they say unto her,"Woman, why weepest thou?" She saith unto them, because they have taken away my Lord, and I know not where they have laid him. And when she had thus said, she turned herself back, and saw Jesus standing, and knew not that it was Jesus. Jesus saith unto her, Woman, why weepest thou? She's probably think, I just answered that. You had to have heard the answer. Woman, why weepest thou? Whom seekest thou? Notice she supposing him to be the gardener saith unto him, "Sir, if thou hast borne him hence, tell me where thou hast laid him, and I will take him away." Jesus saith unto her, "Mary." She turned herself, and saith unto him, "Raboni," which is to say, "Master." Jesus saith unouch me not, for I am not yet ascended to my father. Go to my brethren and say unto them, I ascend unto my father and your father and to my God. Your God. Mary Magdalene came and told the disciples that she had seen the Lord and that he had spoken these things unto her. Then the same day at evening being the first day of the week when the doors were shut where the disciples were assembled for fear of the Jews came Jesus and stood in the midst and said I'm sorry and saith unto them peace be unto you. May the Lord bless the reading of his word. You may be seated. Um uh you know sometimes I get up here and I tell on myself and that seems like a dangerous thing but uh you know uh brother Brandham if I've ever seen a preacher that tell himself it's brother Brandham. Amen. I I appreciate a man that'll get up there and be like, "Man, I struggle with this complex and this and that." And Brother Brand was probably about as honest as any of us. Amen. So, uh I'm just going to go here, but uh I I preach another sermon a lot of times. Sometimes uh uh I I'll go places on Easter and preach and I preach a sermon. I'm going to touch on it for just a few moments, but I'm not preaching it this morning. But I preached this sermon called Forsaken. and and for the background of it to lay this out what it was is years ago uh I was going to the home church there on a Sunday and brother Ray Ericson of course there was only like two of us at the time so a lot has changed since then but uh brother Ray asked me to preach on Easter Sunday and of course I'm just a boy preacher at the time and I was like yeah I'm going to preach Easter Sunday as if that was somehow more spe you know how how it is when you're young you know you got all these so just but I'm just telling myself so you know I I really set out I'm like I'm going to really study for this and get ready and I had plenty plenty of time to get ready. I had weeks, so it wasn't like I just found out the night before or something. So, I'm getting ready for the sermon and I'm studying and and uh you know, I don't know if you've ever been here or not, but you're looking at a certain thing. You're looking for an answer from the Lord and you you you give yourself to it. You apply yourself and you're just seeking the Lord and you're looking at this, you're looking at that. So, I study this and I listen to that. And I'm not saying that boastfully making a point. I I really tried I you know, brother Paul, I'm really like, man, I'm going to give myself this. And the more I sought the Lord on it, the more I tried to find the answer. What am I going to preach? The more I was confused. I'm I'm listening like going on be beyond the camp and all this other stuff. Like, Lord, why am I going through all this? And so, as you can imagine, this uh this became concerning to me by Sunday morning. I mean, I was up late Saturday. I'm I'm I probably got a few gray hair like you. So, I'm just telling you what I'm going through. I was really distraught. I'm like, what am I going to preach? I have no idea. And I'm going to get up there Sunday morning. I'm going to look like the biggest idiot. They're like, this guy ain't called, you know, what's he doing. The guy's known for weeks and this is all he ain't got nothing on the paper even to look at. and and my wife, she was driving to church, as she does many times from when I'm getting ready to preach, but she was driving Sunday morning and I'm looking out the window and I'm thinking to myself, and maybe you can identify with this part. I'm thinking to myself, I'm going to look like the biggest idiot. Amen. I'm going to get there. I'm going to have nothing to say. Uh I've I've and I begin. You know how you do? You feel bad for yourself. Lord, I've tried. I've prayed and I've studied. I've done everything I know how. I done everything I know what to do. And I I've tried and yet here I am and I'm just as helpless as can be. I'm just as incapable as can be. And I I I be I become very upset about the whole thing. Not at God, but just get my jacket off here cuz I know I ain't going to stay on anyway. But um I become very upset. I said, "Lord, I I feel I feel like you've abandoned me. This is like when I really need help and I feel abandoned. I feel like you're not there. I feel like an orphan child." You ever feel that way? You're you you you you really it's something real important. Amen. I you get something in your life. It's like, man, this is really important and it seems like that's when sometimes God is so far away. When it's the worst looking situation, like this is when I need him the most. And it seems like sometimes that's when he's not there. And I begin to pray and I said, "Lord, I I feel I feel like you've abandoned me. I I need you." I said, "Lord, I feel forsaken." And I thought I was praying. And I said that word forsaken. I feel forsaken. And the Lord spoke to me right there on the way to church. And he said, "Good. That's exactly what I wanted you to feel. That's what I was waiting for." Of course, I'm just like, "What? What do you mean?" And the Lord was speaking to me about this. Said, "Listen, I wanted you to realize what it's like to feel forsaken because that's how it was on the cross." Amen. We We take Easter for granted. Amen. We we've got our Easter vest on. We've dressed up. We get to see people at church. But we don't realize, you know, it's like a man training like Paul talks about striving for masters. There's a lot of work that took place. There's a lot of hardship that's behind that. There's a lot of suffering. Amen. It's not just ministry, but our lives. Amen. We come here and we see each other with bright smiles on and we feel good and Christ is risen. But there's a lot of stuff that went on behind the scenes. There's a lot of tears and sleepless nights and hardship. Amen. And sometimes you feel like that, man. I feel like an orphan child. I feel like I'm I'm not getting anywhere. It feels like you struggle some days just to keep your head above water. Amen. Well, hopefully I'm not the only one that feels that way. If I am, I guess you pray for me. You pray for the preacher then. Amen. But I felt so forsaken. And that's what he wanted me to get to that place. I want you to realize that's what I was waiting for. and said, "That's what I want you to feel because that's what I want you to preach and remember that we celebrate Easter because the father forsook his own son on the cross 3 days prior. There'd be no resurrection without a crucifixion." Amen. There be no uh resurrection if he hadn't been forsaken for our sakes. Amen. And what's amazing to me, Christ is not just forsaken by religious people. He's forsaken by friends. He's forsaken by the Jews. He's forsaken by the Romans. He comes to his own and his own received him not. But on top of all that, Amen. On top of all that, that's bad enough. But on top of all that, he's forsaken by the father himself. As he hangs on the cross, he fulfills the scripture. My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me? Amen. I talked to a brother about this years ago about the severity of Christ's sacrifice. You know, we think about his broken body and his shed blood. We take the Lord's supper. We look at the nail scars. We remember all these things. Amen. But the greatest tragedy that Christ endured was separation. Amen. We all bypassed the theophony to be here today. Amen. We We don't remember anything. Amen. When God asked Job the question, "Where were you?" Job didn't remember. But God remembered. Where were you when the morning stars sang together and the sons of God shouted? See, you don't remember that. You were there, but you don't remember. But God remembers. God knows what you look like in the beginning. That's how he knows what you're going to look like in the end. See, we're the ones worried about it. He knows how it's going to turn out. The beginning and the end look the same to him. Amen. There's there's no learning for him. Amen. So, here comes Christ. And listen, Christ, he didn't bypass the theophony like you and I did. He remembers a time when Abraham saw his day and he rejoiced. He remembers a time when I had glory with the father in the beginning and he would pray, "Father, glorify them with the glory that we had together in the beginning." Jesus remembers a time when he beheld Satan fall from heaven like lightning. Amen. He is aware of where he's come from. He is aware of his purpose. He's there with both eyes open like Adam in the beginning. He's not deceived. He's not. He knows what's going on. He realizes what's taking place. And so when he goes to Gethsemane, when he's preparing to go to the cross, he knows exactly what his purpose is. Amen. He remembers where he's come from. And he has never been a time, there's never been a time in his life where he was separated from the father. He's remembered everything. It's been there the whole time. That's who he is. But now he's going to this garden. Now he's going to this place. Amen. Right. And God is going to separate his spirit from the man because he has to die as a man. Amen. Because that's that's our condition. Amen. That's our condition. We were born separated from God. We know the joy today. We rejoiced when we came in and we praised God because we know what it's like to be separate from God. We were born in that condition. That's why you had to be born again. That's why you had to be redeemed. because you know what it's like to live a life without hope. You know what it's like to live a life without Christ in your life. That's where you were. Amen. But that's not where you're at today. But he's never known that. He's never been in that condition. And now he's going to choose to go into it for you and I. Oh my. My wife played it on the way here. We're listening to brother this morning. You think about Jesus didn't have a place to even be born in. didn't have a place to die. Heaven couldn't take him. Earth didn't want him, so he hung in between. Nobody wants him. This thing that we all celebrate today, nobody wanted him three days ago. The Jews didn't want him. The city didn't want him. His people didn't want him. His own disciples. That's right. That had worked miracles and seen him do things, seen him raise the dead. They themselves. And there's Peter. I won't forsake you. Even if everyone else says, "Oh, when that before the crows twice, you'll forsake me. You'll deny me." Amen. His own disciples. Everybody leaves him. Right. Now, we all have dealt with rejection. We've all dealt with disappointments, but probably nobody quite like this. None of us can go to Jesus and say, "Well, listen, you don't know what it's like. People didn't like me." Huh? People still don't like him. And he proved the resurrection. Listen, this is almighty God in human form. The the most holy one, the most perfect one, never sinned, never did nothing wrong, and they hated him for it. Right. He's despised. He's rejected of men. Amen. Brother Ram says this. He says, "The love that he had, how he expressed it, how he had to make himself what he was to die to save us." Notice this. In his death, when he died at Calvary, there was never a death could be like that death. We are told when the Roman soldier pierced his side, there was water and blood came out of his side. He said, I've asked a chemist one time what taken place. And this fellow being a Christian, he said Jesus did not die because the spirit touched his side or pierced his side. Said Jesus had been dead a long time before that, but he died from grief. Right. The sword never killed him, neither the driving of the nails, but it was grief that killed him when he looked out upon the ones he had loved and the ones that he had worked miracles on and the ones that he had expressed his love toward and had fed and see that they had turned him down. You and I might be grieved. Now, I don't know what you're going through this morning. Amen. And I'm not trying to make light of that. But we endure grief. We go through grief. We might grieve. He says, "But we could never grieve like that because we're not made up of that kind of material that we can have that much grief." Now, I want you to consider this. Amen. Here he is. He's rejected his whole life. It's just a series of rejection and heartache. Amen. At one point, he's got 70 disciples. They leave him. He's got 12 disciples. They leave him. Everybody leave. Listen, he comes into Jerusalem and he's the big- time preacher at the beginning of the week. Amen. Oh, hosana. Glory to God in the highest. here. Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord. Man, they're they're all they're amped up, man. I tell you what, they're getting ready to have a good time. And them same people by the end of the week, you know what I'm talking about. Them same people that loved him, them same people that were excited about him, by the end of the week, they're the ones going to crucify him. Well, praise the Lord. I know I'm preaching to somebody. Amen. You've been there. The same ones you love, the some same ones you labored for, the same ones you give yourself for, son, that's the ones that hurts the most. It's not the guy at the gas station that doesn't like you or the color of your car and he makes fun of you for being a holy. That's not the one. But it's your own close friend. It's that one that you loved. It's that one you laid down your life for and they rejected you. Amen. And here they are. They're the ones crying crucify him. But so much deeper than the constant rejection, heartache, his composition, his makeup, it enables him to feel a level of grief that you and I just aren't able to comprehend because we've never pre-nown the father and then known separation. Amen. Brother Bam says this in that great crucial hour until he suffered knowing all things until the water and blood separated in his body and great drops of sweat like blood dropped from his brow. Notice he died more death in Gethsemane than he did on the cross. Now, I I know that really struck me. I was just studying this the other day, and I've I've thought about this before, but you think about this. Where did Jesus really die? He dies when he makes a decision, not my will, but thine be done. The rest is just playing it out. Amen. Listen, Adam and and the woman were told in the beginning, on the day you take this this fruit of this tree and you eat thereof, that's the day you're going to die. Well, they didn't drop dead immediately. But yet, they were dead. They were separated in a day with the Lord says a thousand years. That's why Adam doesn't live to be more than a thousand years old. Amen. But as soon as they make their decision, they're already separated. Cuz that's what death is. It's separation. The body without the spirit is dead. They're separated from God. They're separated from fellowship. So here, clear back in the beginning, we've got a man and he makes a decision when he realizes that his wife has transgressed the one commandment. Amen. That God gave him. Amen. He realizes this that and him not willing to live without her. Oh my praise the Lord. I I can't live without her. Uh she she's my bone of my bone, flesh of my she's not just why I'll get another one. No, that's my sweetheart. That's my queen. That's mine. I can't live without her. I'd rather die. Oh my. I'd rather die than live without her. Amen. So him knowing not being deceived there in that garden, he makes a decision to die. Amen. But his decisions in disobedience. But this one, Christ makes this decision in a garden of obedience. Amen. Because he's not willing to live without you and I. Amen. Here's the first Adam and he disobys because he's not willing to live without her. Amen. And because of his one decision, death come upon all. But this last Adam, this one that can't sin, this sinless one, he's got a choice to make. And he's got a capacity to do it that you and I don't have. Amen. We don't have enough righteousness for ourself. Let alone for another. But by one man's sacrifice, by one man's obedience, oh my. Because of one decision, you and I can stand here today, not just forgiven, not just good enough. We're the righteousness of God, justified in his sight. Now listen, this man, he's got a right like Adam did. Adam could have chose. You know what? What? Life was a lot quieter without a wife. Things were a lot easier and I have to put up with it. Amen. Praise the glory to God. Now you men are laughing, but you act like you're all just a bunch of saints. You was hard to put up with, too. You know, you get married and you're just as happy as can be. things are going to get better from here on out. You didn't realize you're going to have twice as many struggles. You're going to have twice as many trials. You're going to have to live with a person that that that that angel that you saw and they're just as perfect as can be and she's the best thing ever and he's so pretty and he's so that that's there's a transformation that takes place. Amen. You're living together and all a sudden there's a transformation. You know what? I don't remember that part about him when we were courting. I don't remember that coming out before. Amen. You begin to see things, right? Well, I don't know why I'm going here. I guess it's for I don't know who it's for. Amen. There's something in your life. There's things you didn't plan for. There's an ugly side to them and there's an ugly side to you. Amen. But you know what? The that it's it's worth it when you realize that the love that you have for that person. Brother Bam said, "If you can't live without them, Amen. Well, I don't know if I should if I should marry." Well, can you live without it? Well, no. Well, that's how you know. Amen. In other words, you know there's hardships and maybe you didn't plan for all of them, but despite that, it's worth it. If it wasn't work, it wouldn't be worth it. Amen. It's Listen, this is something our society as a as a whole has lost the idea of if a marriage is valuable, it's worth working on. You don't give up on it. Amen. It's not like a microwave or a toaster oven. It breaks, you get a new one. No, you fix it. You make a commitment. Two people are committed to making it work. Well, glory to God. Here I am for whatever reason. Like I said, I don't know why, but listen, Jesus has a right. Adam had a right. Well, listen. I can just uh you know, maybe we'll just get another one. Find another one. No, I want that one cuz she's part of me. And listen, Jesus, brother said, Jesus had a right to live a normal life. He could go and get married. He could live a normal life. He has a choice to do that. Amen. But he looks at all these things that I just talked about, and he's not ignorant of it. He knows every sin you're ever going to commit. He knows every problem you're ever going to go through. He knows every time you're going to grumble. Every time you're going to complain, every time you're going to make it hard, every time you're going to backslide. He sees it all. He sees the cross. He sees the suffering. And he endures the shame. He sees it because the joy that was set before him. He said, "It's going to hurt like it's never hurt before. And you're going to go through things and I'm going to go through things, but it's worth it to him at the end. Think about that now. You are worth it to him to go through all that. Amen. You might not feel that way about yourself this morning. You might not feel that way about your neighbor. I don't know what you're going through. Amen. But whatever you're thinking about it, it was worth it to Jesus Christ. So by his obedience, he forfeits his right to what he wants. That's right. That's so good. He surrenders not to disobedience is the first Adam, but he surreners to obedience. Not my will, but thy will be done. Romans 5 says, "By one man's obedience, many were made sinners. So by the obedience of one shall many be made righteous." Amen. So I want to revisit this. Like I said, it's there in Gethsemane. Brother Bram says that's where he dies his death. Amen. The rest is just playing out what's already taken place there. When he gives up, Amen. Listen, he can get out of there. He can call for 10,000 angels. It's not a lack of choice. Amen. He chooses not to do it for your sakes. Amen. He knows this is the very reason he's there. And so there, brother Bram talks about it. I believe it's in marriage and divorce. There the spirit leaves him in Gethsemane because he has to die as a he can't go up there and die as almighty God with all power because you can't identify with that. None of us dies in that condition. Amen. So he's got to die in this separated condition to be identified with your death. Amen. So it's now with Adam, our sins separate us from God. Amen. Each one of us if we don't repent, if we don't receive Jesus Christ, we die in our sins and our sins have separated us. It's it made a chasm between us and God. Amen. There's something between us. It's our sins. Amen. And I want you to think about this. When Adam sins and he loses fellowship with God, what does God do? He comes looking for Adam. He's looking for him. Listen, none of us sought God. Not one of us is righteous. Not one. We didn't seek God. He sought you. What he did there with Adam is all he's ever done. He come looking for me. He come looking for you. He come looking for Adam. But notice when Jesus makes his decision, God doesn't come looking. God leaves him. The one that was righteous is the one that's forsaken. Our sins separated us from God, but our sins separated him from God. So, he's not a sinner in the sense that he's committed his own sins. He's a sinner as far as his identification with us because he dies in a separated condition. Amen. He dies and the spirit has departed him. And listen, God come looking for Adam. God come. No one's coming for Jesus. The only ones coming for him are coming to take him away to prison. They're coming to take him away to judgment. No one's coming to save him. No one's coming to rescue him. No one's coming to give him a way out. Amen. Oh my Lord. He's not a sinner, but he's going to be judged as a sinner because of our because the sacrifice has to be identified with your condition. So he's on the cross and he says, "Why hast thou forsaken me? because it pleased the father to bruise him. That's a strange thing to us, but it pleased the father to bruise him because of his sacrifice. It makes many righteous under salvation. Amen. So there's many times and I say this to come to this point. There's many times in our life we feel forsaken like I did that morning. Maybe even today you were sitting here in church and maybe you praise the Lord with everybody else. You had a good time. But somewhere in your heart you're you're dreading going home today. you're dreading going somewhere next, you know, when you go back to work or whatever it is. Somewhere in our lives, many times we deal with this idea. We feel forsaken. We feel abandoned. Has anybody ever been there? Listen, you're doing everything you're supposed to do. You're praying. You're seeking God. You're reading the scripture. You haven't done anything that you can tell that you did wrong. You're going through your life. And yet somewhere you feel abandoned. Amen. But I want you to realize that he'll never leave you. He'll never forsake you. That's why Jesus was forsaken. So you'd never have to be. Amen. Sometimes we pray and the heavens seem like brass. Sometimes we feel like orphan children, but he'll never leave you. He'll never forsake you. Amen. No one's ever been forsaken like he was in his darkest hour. And he knows this. But you know what? There's a confidence in him. Even in the darkest hour of life, there's a confidence in him. Amen. Because there's a commandment over his life. He said, "I've received a commandment from the father. I get to lay down my life, but I can take it up again. This receipt have I I this commandment have I received of the father. Amen. Now, listen. I'm going to be honest with you. I don't have that commandment over my life, and neither do you. He's going to have to raise it up at the last days. Amen. But this one's got to command me. I laid down my life. No man takes it from me. It might look like the Romans took it. It might look like the Jews took it, but no one can take it. He gives it up. That's why he can stand and tell Pilate, "Listen, you've got no power over me than what my father gives you. You might think you've got power, but you don't have power. I've got power. I am power. I'm the almighty God veiled in human flesh." And there's a commandment. He knows pilot can't take my life anymore than anybody else. Only one person can lay down this life, and it's me. And he goes into the grave with his confidence. He gives up the ghost. He yields up his spirit cuz he realized there's a word over his life. Amen. Listen, he might seem forsaken, but he's not utterly forsaken because God had spoken a word through David hundreds of years prior. He said, "I will not leave his soul in hell." He might go down, but he's not going to stay there. I'm not going to leave him there. I will not leave his soul in hell. I will not suffer my holy one to see corruption. No matter how bad it looks, I'm not going to leave him in that condition. Listen, if he forsook him, it would not leave him in that condition. He's not going to leave you where you're at. He said, "I'm going through the trial of my life, but he won't leave you there. He's not going to leave you in that condition." Oh my. Yay. Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, thou art with me. He won't leave you. He won't forsake you. What is Easter to you and I? Don't ever fear to go anywhere or do anything. Cuz the unfailing presence of the Lord Jesus Christ is always with you. As I was with Moses, so shall I be with thee. He's with you. He's not in the grave today. He's with you. Oh my. I love this. Amen. Cuz I can identify with that. We all can if we're honest. Amen. Some women get up the next morning, they go to Sunday service. Amen. The first Sunday sunrise service there ever was. And they weren't dressing up to the nines and get ready to sing some good songs and get a song special and have a good time. They were discouraged. They were depressed. They were down and out. That's good. Amen. They weren't coming to church. Bless God, he's up again. Praise God for the resurrection. They were just as they were as a defeated as a people could be. Yeah, that is true. That is true. Peter's ready to go back to fishing. They're ready to go back to what they used to it was all for nothing. Amen. They were all done played out. They done give up. Amen. And these women, they come for the first sunrise service and they get to that too. Listen, they're not expecting the stone to be rolled away. We know it's rolled away. They're looking to have to move it and do this and do a bunch of work. And when they get there, there's an angel that's unsealed the tomb. And he reveals, listen, this tomb that was sealed, this seal's been broken. And it testified a resurrection had taken place. He is not here. Now, if he wasn't there, then it means he came back. I'm getting there. I'll get there in a second. Amen. He's not here. He's risen. But go tell the brethren. Go tell his disciples. So, they run back and Peter and John, they run to the tomb. They're looking. Amen. Oh my. They're looking around. They don't see it. These women are like, "Listen, he's not here." Listen, they they get done with church. They didn't know they were going to have a revival service. They got done with Easter Sunday. They were having revival services. Listen, he's not dead. They told the angel told us he's risen. He's alive. He's not in that dead denomination. He's not in that creed. He's not in that dogma. He's alive forever more. They went home with revival and they begin to tell everybody he's risen. You won't believe what happened. And guess what? They didn't. Hallelujah. Like, well, where'd he go? We wonder where we at. Well, he the angel done told you he's risen. Was so hard to figure out. Well, we just don't know where he's at. Well, where' they take his body? They didn't take it. He's a real Look. Let me spell this out for you. R I S E N. He's alive. He told you he would do it. Yeah, but where's he at? He's where he told you he's going to be at. Yeah, you all laugh cuz you've done the same thing before. I see. Oh, I'm the same way. I look in the mirror. Oh man, where's God at? He's right where he told you he's at. He's right in his word. He's right in his spirit. Listen, he's he's not somewhere other than what he told you. You just don't see it in your discouragement, in your trouble, in your self-pity. You don't see what's obvious. We we we Oh my, we get so caught up in the problem, we don't see the solutions right there. What I really like about this, you know, this this I don't know where you're all at, but this just really struck me. Just a couple days ago, I was studying this that they all they all get there. The disciples show up. They all look around. They can't find him. They hear from the angel and they all leave except one. It just really struck me. Mary, she remains behind. She lingers just a little bit. Amen. Our friends, that's where we miss him so many times. A lot of times we miss him because we don't just wait a little bit. Sometimes we miss him because we're just in a big hurry to move on. Amen. Sometimes he's right there and if we're not careful, we miss it because we're so caught up in everything else. Amen. And listen, she's there and she lingers. Amen. She's not in a big hurry, but she's actually crying. Amen. And she looks back in that empty tomb. Right. When everybody else is moving on, you say, "I can't move on yet. Why am I still the one? Everybody else seems to just kind of move on and I'm just sitting here waiting. Maybe God's got you waiting for a reason." That's right. Why does it seem like I'm the only one here that feels this way? Or well, maybe God's got you there for a reason. He had her there for a reason. She's at this tomb. She looks inside and she's weeping and she sees these two angels. I love it. It's a a type of the mercy seat. One's at the head and one's at the foot. And they ask her the question, "What? Why weepest thou? Why are you crying for?" Right? And she says, "They've taken away my Lord and I don't know where he's at." You ever been there? I don't know where he's at. I look for him and I look for him. I feel forsaken. I don't know where he's at. You know where he's at? He's where he promised. He's between the wings of the cherubam. He said, "I'll meet you." Listen, he told you if you want to find me, I'll tell you where to look. Amen. He told him in the Old Testament, "If you go and meet me there, I'll meet you in that place between the wings of the chair. Just go where he told you to meet him." Amen. He's got a provided place and we'll look for him everywhere else and we'll walk away. But there's a provided place in his word for us. Amen. If we'll just look there, we might not realize it, but he's there. Listen, he's right where he promised. Well, why you weeping? I don't even know where he's at. Have you taken him? And she turns around and she sees somebody, but she doesn't recognize him. Amen. Amen. Now, I'm not going to teach you all Greek today, but I looked this word up because she looks at this guy and she supposes he's the gardener. So, here we are again in the garden. We're back in the garden again. And she sees this guy and the the King James says he's the she supposes that he's the gardener, but it's actually a little bit stronger, the Greek word, he's the keeper of a garden. In other words, he's in charge of it. Like the man at the beginning, he's the one that's placed in authority. She assumes that this man has authority in this garden. So she says, "Listen, I'm I'm looking for him where they took his body. Will you tell me where he's at?" And she and then he says, "Mary." And she recognizes it's him. He was there the whole time. Now, now listen, here's a For a moment, he wasn't in that room because the angel said he was gone. So he actually comes back. Now listen, she's not even allowed to touch him. And I'll get to this in a few minutes, but he's doing a priestly duty. Amen. He's got to go ascend into the holy place and enter into the holy place first. So, he's got a job to do. Amen. All redemption is hanging on this job. This this job of him going up and ascending and presenting himself in the holy place, the perfect sacrifice, the perfect blood, the resurrected savior. So, I'll hitch on this, but before he does, before he does, I'm going to I'm going to go back to the garden real quick cuz I've got a daughter there. I'm going to go back for one person just to let her know, just a reminder, just to encourage her a little bit. Listen, it's it's going to be okay. I'm going to take some time to stop by. Listen, I believe he's stopping by today. Amen. I believe you brought him with you, but I believe the word is here today. And he wants to remind you if he's not coming for anybody else, sometimes he'll come for one person. Sometimes God will orchestrate an entire thing for one person. Amen. Just ask Elijah. Just ask Isaiah. God will go set up a whole meeting, do a whole big thing to talk to one person sometimes. Don't tell me you're not important to God. Amen. God will topple entire nations for one prodal son. Amen. Oh my. Well, I've got to go ascend, but I felt it necessary. to stop and let you know first. Oh my. She didn't recognize him, but he identifies her. And when he does, she recognized this is him. Amen. I love this, and I'm going to tie this in here in a minute, but brother Bam talks about this. You know, later that day, you go to over to Luke 24, you read the story. Couple disciples, they're walking along the way later on the road to Emmas. Amen. And they're walking down there. It's the same day. and and they don't realize they're getting ready for a long service. It's going to be all I'm not going to try to keep you long today, but they're getting ready for an all afternoon service. Amen. They're walking there. They're questioning, "Well, he said he was going to die and raise again, and the tomb's empty. What could it mean?" Before you laugh him too much, we do the same thing. Well, I know the Bible said this, but okay, see, that was where your problem was. Just take him at his word. Amen. They're trying to figure out what what manner of things he's here comes Jesus. Ah, I I use this a lot. Amen. Cuz I I'll do it with my kids sometimes. Amen. Jesus walks up and asks him a question that he already knows the answer to. Oh, what manner of communications are these? Singer said, "Oh, well, don't you know anything?" Probably trying not to laugh. I know a lot more than you. I know what's going on. I know what you're going through more than you do is what he's thinking. That's right. Well, don't you know that this great man, Jesus, we supposed him to be a prophet, a great teacher, but he's died, and now his body's gone, and we don't know what to make of it. Oh, fools and slow of hearts to believe all that was spoken by the law and the prophets. Ought not Christ to have suffered all these things to enter into his glory? And he begins at Moses and he goes to the prophets and what does he do? He preaches Christ out of every scripture. So I believe that's why the prophet could say, "Listen, if you can't see Jesus in every scripture, go back and read it again." I like to dramatize this. Is that all right? Listen, he maybe he starts over here with Abraham, the great patriarch, and he goes through that and he preaches that sermon. Amen. And he and he takes God's covenant with Abraham, the patriarch Abraham. He begins to preach Moses, a prophet like unto Moses, why Christ speak. He begins to preach about all these things. He's preaching about this and and going through a secondhanded robe, going through Elijah, going through like we had in this day. Amen. Like we had in this day, he's going through all these things, preaching all these types of the Bible, and showing you the thing you didn't realize. It's talking about Jesus Christ. The whole thing is a revelation of Jesus Christ because who he is is who you are. And all day long, they're going through the influence of another perfect faith, the things that are to be. They're going through all this and they're they begin to get excited. Amen. Their hearts begin to burn. They're having a good time in church. and they're and they're they're they're being blessed, but yet they don't even recognize who's talking to them. There you go. Man, we had a good time in church. They didn't. Oh, yeah. It was a real blessing. Who was it that did that? Well, you know what was the Lord? Do you realize what that means? Do you realize what that means? Amen. Listen, they they they understood what he was saying. They acknowledged it, but they didn't recognize who was speaking to them. But in the evening time, [Applause] listen. Listen. The son of man, he comes back as son of man at the end of the age. That's where we're at now. Amen. But he's been son of God the whole time. Amen. We can look at a man like Martin Luther and look at the mistakes and the failures in his life. And yet we recognize as message leaders, but that was God in that man. That was God in that reformation. That was God in Wesley. That was God in these men. Even with their faults and their failures and their mistakes, we recognize but God never left. It was God doing it the whole time. It might not look like, but it was God and Abraham, God and Moses, God and these reformers. Amen. But now we come to the evening time. Now we come to the climax. And it looks like he's going to let Leodysia go into tribulation. It looks like he's going to let things fall off. It's the end of the Gentile age. Amen. It looks like the end of all things, but there's a little room there. There's a little place. And these two disciples, they they hearts were on fire from the message and said, "You know what? and would you stay with us for a little while? Looked like he was going to drop it off. Oh, it's all going to go into tribulation. Amen. They ask brother Ram, does the church go into tribulation? Well, the church does, but not the bride. See, there's a people they they break off. They're not going into tribulation. They're going into glory. There's a separation. There's a distinction. Amen. There's a people that want to come in and s with him when the churches have put them out and the denominations have put them out. There's a people that want fellowship with almighty God. And they compel and want you to come in and stay with us in the evening time. And when they go in there, he begins to do a sign and he blesses the bread and he breaks the bread. When he breaks the bread, now their hearts aren't burning anymore. Now their eyes are open. See, a lot of people come to church and they'll get excited. They'll hear the message and they should and their hearts burn within them. Amen. And they'll hear brother preach for years and they'll hear about testimonies. They'll hear about miracles. They'll hear about a prophet. But it's not until your eyes are open you realize what it really is about. It's not about the man William Brandon. It's Jesus Christ revealed to you personally. God didn't send a prophet for a prophet. He sent a prophet for you to recognize that your eyes would be opened. It's Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Listen, I appreciate enthusiasm. I'm going to get to that in a few minutes. Amen. I appreciate excitement. Amen. But I don't want to do that ignorantly. I want my eyes to be open to the reality of what God's doing. Cuz my enthusiasm can come and my enthusiasm can go. Amen. But no matter what you're going through, when you recognize who's speaking to you, it's not just some keeper of some garden. It's not just some man, William Brandham, some other healing revival teacher. God spoke to us through that man. And when your eyes are open to it, you don't doubt. You don't question. You don't worry. Well, is it right? Is it not right? Is this inspired? Is this not? You know who spoke to you. It's that sayeth the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Man, I tell you what, I feel pretty good. I was kind of worried about how this is going to go still a little bit. He's the one speaking to us. And hopefully you don't just feel that way about right now. Hopefully you do feel that way about it, but not only this. Hopefully you realize it's him speaking to you in your life. That he'll take you places sometimes like he took Mary, like he took the disciple. Why does he let him get in this condition to reveal himself? That's right. Amen. It's a whole another thought, but I was preaching this the other day. Sometimes God will let you get in the worst straight. The worst situations because he wants to show himself in that situation cuz he wants you to be able to sing that song, the God on the mountain is the God in the valley and know what you're talking about. It's not just words, but your eyes are open. I've heard it, but now I've seen. These disciples had heard, but Christ ascended. And now John can testify that which we have seen, which we've heard, which we've handled. It's the word of life. We beheld him. We They fastened upon his feet. They touched his side. He's no longer a God that's just out there, but they've handled the word of life. That's so good. Yes, sir. When you recognize it's Jesus Christ, it's no longer just learning. There's a lot of people that learn the message, but it's not in them. Amen. But when your eyes are opened, you realize it's God, just like it was for Mary, oh why why am I still here weeping? Because God's trying to speak to just you maybe about a thing. Amen. Brother talks about this uh in Luke chapter 24 and he preaches this sermon, the resurrection of Jesus. He says this. He says, "Now my prayer is that that same person will open to us the scriptures tonight." It's a very timely scripture because we're again in the resurrection in the Easter season. And I think that's one of the greatest scriptures. It's more neglected than any other scripture. That's good. That's his opinion. I I believe him. It's more neglected than any scripture know of being preached on is the ascension of the Lord Jesus. What I'm talking about today is ascension. Amen. That's right. He can't ascend unless he descended first. Amen. He had to go to a bad place to get to a good place. Amen. The ascension of the Lord Jesus, what he did after his resurrection. Now, he did not sit down in the tomb after his resurrection because his work wasn't completed. It wasn't finished. And the ones at the grave that morning were forbidden to even touch him. But that night, they were bidden to come feel his hands. He forbid his mother touch him. and it's actually Mary Magdalene but said I have not ascended into my father my God and yours and he had not yet he would only he was ready to do his great high priest work at that time he had just been anointed and when he was here on earth he lived a life he made himself a little lower than the angels in order to take away sin think about that he made himself that hallelujah amen we talk about that scripture Philippians chapter 2 let this mind be in you which is in God, Christ Jesus, who being in the form of God, thought I'm not robbery. We talk about that. Oh, we're He didn't think it was robbery to be equal with God. We're God's family. He's We think about that, but what's the next part tell us, but he made himself lower than the angels. Amen. He humbled himself to obedience, even death. So, the mindset is not just, hey, we've got resurrection power, but what are you going to do with it? Well, what did he do with it? Right? He could have called for angels. as he could have wiped the whole place out. Humbled himself. If anybody had a reason not to act humble, it was him. And he was the humblest one. So good. Amen. Everybody wants to, like Paul said, everybody wants to know him in the power of his resurrection. But nobody wants to know him in the fellowship of his sufferings. But you can't fully know him in the power of his resurrection until you know him in the fellowship of his suffering. You say, "Well, I don't want to know him in the fellow the fellowship of his suffering. That's too much." Well, he wanted to know you in your suffering. That's why he came down and bore it for you. Amen. That's why he's a high priest that can be touched with the feeling of our infirmities. Amen. It wasn't pleasant, but he was willing to embrace it so he could know that he could identify. He chose to suffer with you and I. Amen. Oh my. Just think who he was. This right here. Here he says, just think who he was. He was the logos that came from God in the beginning. He was the word of God. He was the angel of God that was with the children of Israel in the wilderness. He was the great supernatural of heaven, none other than Jehovah himself. And he came down on the earth and become a man. And not only a man, but he become the servant of man, and took upon himself and make a no reputation. He become a footwasher. Amen. And some of us won't go to church unless we get a position and we get our time and we get recognition and we get Oh, well, glory to God. We all want to be something in the church. We just don't want to be the footwasher. We don't want to be the door holder. Amen. Well, glory to God. I can really go on here. We all want to be We all want to serve God mostly as counselors or adviserss to God or some big something or other. But here's the greatest one. It's like, you know what? I'm going to wash the disciples feet. Right. Amen. There's your Easter for you. There you go. Oh my. It's not quite an egg or a bunny, but it's from God. Amen. I'll come and be the foot wash. Well, I won't do this thing unless I get to do this or be Wow. You imagine if Jesus did that, there'd be no human race to save. That's right. Listen, I I'll just be honest. If I wasn't a Christian, the old man, if you put me in Jesus spot, I'm out of here. I might as well make it work. Amen. Praise. Now, now don't act like it's just that was all of us. We were enemies of God in our thinking. Amen. We weren't trying to help any. We were after our own desires. Oh my. He become a foot wash. A footwasher. He went to the lowest city in the world, Jericho. Was so low till the smallest man of the city had to climb up in a tree to look down on him. Amen. All right. That's so good. And God raised him up and put him so high above every heaven till he has to stoop over to look to heaven. Hallelujah. He's not just there, he's over it. The Bible says he's above all heavens. Amen. He's got to do this just to look down into heaven. That's how high up he went. Oh my. That's what God did for him. So if you want to be exalted, humble yourself. And if you exalt yourself, you'll be brought down low. I think of him when he'd risen from the dead that morning and he had his own blood as the high priest. Think about that. He even brought his own blood. Amen. He went beyond the veils through every sphere. Satan in times past had men blocked off from heaven. He could not get in contact with heaven. But when Jesus took his blood, the first veil he rent was the veil of death and then the veil of the grave, the veil in the temple, then the veil of sickness, the veil of fear. Every veil that there was an unveiled God to man way and above the heavens of heavens and was seated on the right hand of God, set down as a finished work. That's right. above all. And there he opened a channel that God used to come down through the corridors of heaven and talk to mankind in the Garden of Eden. And Satan by sin had blocked them. But that great high priest with his anointed with his blood went through every veil and ripped her up and and cleared out the skies again that God and man could be father and son and commune again with one another. What a marvelous thing. Now, I don't have this in my notes, but I just want to say this. This is another thought I preached on here recently, but you look at the woman at the well. Amen. She's been taught one way and the Jews teach another way. And she the eventually, and like I said, I'm I'm just going to go into this real quick, but eventually the conversation comes into worship. Where should we worship God? Where should we go and worship God at? Should we worship here or worship there? And he says, "Listen, the time is coming and now is. If you want to worship God, do you worship him in spirit and in truth? And and I make this point I was making the other day somewhere. But you look at the Jews and the Samaritans. Why was there a contention about where to worship? Because they wanted to control how people worship. That's the Old Testament thought. Well, if you want to come to God, you've got to come through me. That's what the Catholic Church does. That's what denominations do. Well, if you want to come to God, you have to come through me. But listen, there's only one mediator. There's only one. It's not a pope or a potent. There's one mediator and Jesus says, "I'm him. I'm the one." See, uh, religion, let me say it this way, legalism, religion, creeds, dogmas, it's all about controlling access to God. If you'll worship this way, you'll have access to God. Well, if you shout, if you dance, if you speak in tongues, if you do that, that's all good. That's all fine. But what they do is they say, "If you'll do this, we'll give you access to God." But Jesus says, "No, I'm going to give you access to God. That's why you're going to worship. That's why you're going to shout. You're not doing it to get access. You're doing it because I have given you access. He's a high priest. He's the forerunner into the holy place. If he's the forerunner, that means other people come in afterwards. We have access by one spirit to the father through Jesus Christ. Amen. I'm not trying to gain access today. Hallelujah. That's what Easter's about. Amen. I'm not trying to gain access. I'm not trying to give you access. I'm telling you, he's already given you access. It's yours. That's why you can worship him. That's why you praise him. That's why you think of him. You've got unlimited access to God Almighty. Hallelujah. You know, years ago, I saw this book in the Christian bookstore. You Now, I'm not against reading books. I read all the time, but some of these books you got to be careful. Was this book about how how to pray till the heavens opened? Praying till the heavens opened. I'm thinking the heavens opened to me when Jesus died and rose again. Yes sir. Heaven's already open to me. Listen. When the Holy Ghost come on Jesus, the heavens were opened. When the Holy Ghost come on the church at the day of Pentecost, it opened heaven to the church. I'm not looking for access. This message, this resurrection, this word of God, it gives me access. Listen, I'm not coming and going. I'm going to abide. I'm going to stay in that place. I want to abide in the chosen place of worship. Hallelujah. I got a quote for you. This is a longer quote. I hope this all right, brother. I'm preaching this in the Easter Seal. He says, "As Jesus said, go into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature." How far? All the world. To who? Every creature. They never yet received it. And these signs shall follow them that believe. How long? To the world. To who? Every creature. He says, "These signs follow them in my name. They shall cast out devils, speak with new tongues. If they taken up a deadly thing or a serpent, drink a deadly thing, it will not harm them. I'll they'll lay their hands on the sick and they'll recover. His last commission to the church, Marks the 16th chapter, he says Paul's ordaining these gifts in the church 30 years later and in Galatians 1:8, if an angel from heaven preaches to you any other gospel than this which is already received, see it's already been preached, right? He says, let him be a curse. I believe that Pentecost began without an ending. Amen. Well, praise the Lord, somebody. I believe it to be every creature, all times, at all places that Pentecost should remain. The Pentecostal blessing should be upon the people. Now, we're not talking about denominational Pentecost. We're talking about the life of God manifested. What happened on the day of Pentecost when the tongues of fire, they divided themselves upon the people? Amen. He says, "What is the Pentecostal blessing? It's the confirmation of the resurrection. You say, "How do I know that he's risen from the dead?" Well, it's not because of history book declared it or because somebody in the government sanctioned it. You know it cuz the things he did back then. He does today in you. See, you're not a student of it only. You're a witness of it. That's why Jesus said, "You will be my witnesses." That means what you got to say about it is evidence in court. And then you're on trial. Like, listen, I know. I don't just believe. I know he's risen from the dead. Cuz when I was sick and the doctors gave up on me, something happened. When I was at my lowest and nobody loved me, somebody spoke to me. That wasn't me. I couldn't make these things happen. I couldn't forel these things. Somebody did it. There's something in your life that no one else can explain. It's got to be Jesus. The Pentecostal blessing. It wasn't here today gone tomorrow. It's for all people at all times. It is the confirmation of the resurrection. He says no wonder gospel itself means good news. Good news of what? He has raised from the dead. Let me tell you some bad news. Bad news is Adam fell. Bad news is the woman fell. Bad news is we were born in sin, shaped in iniquity. come to the world speaking lies. Not a hope, not a prayer, not a chance in the world, nothing you could do about it, nothing you ever could do. Well, that's the bad news. You're in a bad situation. The bad news is it's just going to get worse. But the good news is there's one that can turn the tide. There's one that has come and he's changed the situation. It's a confirmation of the resurrection. He says good news of this. He's raised from the dead. Because I live, ye live also. Ye which were once dead in sins and trespasses, God has quickened us together by that spirit raised up Jesus from the dead. And we are now. Somebody say now. Now. We are now sitting in heavenly places with him, communing with him, talking with him. What a Oh my, what a joy to tell people that story. Amen. Well, I sure hope it is. So good. I hope you like telling that story. I hope it don't embarrass us too much. Hope it doesn't inconvenience us too much. What a joy to tell people that story that believes to be the truth. Now, there's a quote here. We hear it all the time and it's sandwiched in here. This is why I'm reading the whole thing for context. He says, "I'm wondering today what is happening?" He says, "Are we really getting people to God or are we just getting them to church?" Right. That's the truth. He said, "We must get them to Christ where this quickening power." It's good to go to church. Thank you for coming. By the way, this is a little less awkward than preaching to three people. And I've done that before. And I don't mind doing that. But I'm just saying it's nice to see you all. You all look nice today. It's good to go to church. It's fine. No, I I I love You know, when I first come in the Can I just drop this in here? When I first come in the message, you know, Brother Brand, he's very careful to qualify things, especially as the ministry goes on. I'm like, man, he's being real careful. Well, let me say as a person that's preached for several years now. I get it because it's very easy to say something. Everyone's, "Well, you meant this." No, no, hold up. Not advocating what you're, you know, people take something and they run with it. Oh, yeah. So, all the time, well, listen, we're not against shouting, but that don't save you. Listen, you're qualifying that because somebody somewhere is gonna say, "Well, see, we don't believe in shouting anymore. That's that's Pentecost. That's not Pentecost. That's the oldest kind they got. We're not against that. But lots of people shout about lots of things. Oh, yeah. Amen. So, you got to super qualify everything, right? You know why? Cuz the devil's up right there. Yeah. Well, that's what he meant. Well, maybe he meant what he said. There's a thought. Maybe I meant what I said. Well, glory to God. Amen. Boy, I could get in a lot of trouble here. Glory to God. Is it getting hot in here? What's the temperature? Turn the AC up. No, it's all right. He says we must get them to Christ where this quick. It's good to go to church. If that's as far as we go, it's not far enough. That's right. When you come to church, that's good. But go on to Christ from the church. We must receive this quickening power if we ever expect to be in that general resurrection because that's it's the only thing that will ever bring us from the dead. For if this spirit that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, it'll also quicken, make, bring to life your mortal bodies. What a promise to us. Notice now the very essence of this resurrection is to tell and to show, right? And to prove that Jesus has raised up from the dead. Amen. He's not dead. He's a living. He lives here. He's in us. I'll be with you even in you a little while and the world seeth me no more. Yet ye shall see me. For I will be with you even in you until the end of church to the end of the day to the end of the world. He says now I'm going to come back a second. The very essence of the resurrection is to show and to tell. Amen. In other words, it's not real resurrection unless it's it's proving itself or showing itself. Amen. Now, he says this. Now, as Christians, we all claim he is alive, right? Or been we've been quicken quickened from life from death to life by his spirit. If we haven't been quickened, we've not been made alive. Now, we're going to break into this subject. The Lord willing kind of teach it for a few minutes. How that are we quickened? Can we be sure that this is the truth? He says, now this is your own life. This is my life. It's where he says, "If this isn't the truth, what I'm fixing to say, then I'm one of the most foolish people in the world." Wow. Amen. That's what Paul said. If we're the most miserable people, if this is all a lie. Amen. This is not a well, it seemed convenient at the time sort of a thing. This is all or nothing. We're either all the way in or we're all the way out. Don't do no good to ride the fence, so stop doing it anyway. You're either all sold out on this or you're not. He says, "If it isn't the truth, what I'm fixing to say is I'm one of the most foolish people in the world. I've give my life for something there's nothing to, and so have you. But if it's the truth, then I owe everything I am." Amen. I owe everything that I could be to the cause of which we're standing for. And I think we mustn't lose our enthusiasm. I told you I'd come back to it. Amen. No. Yeah, we mustn't lose our enthu. Now listen, the essence of the resurrection is to show and to tell and to prove. And so he says, so we mustn't lose our enthusiasm. And that's that's my challenge for us today. When we talk about the gospel, does it still excite us like it used to? Does it still have the meaning to us that it used to? Amen. See, we've if we've seen a risen savior, Amen. Are we running to tell people what we've seen in Christ? Are we busy telling about all the other stuff we've seen? My favorite preacher, my favorite church, my favorite this, me and my, and this. Amen. Well, praise. You don't have to get that quiet on me. We become, if we're not careful, we become, let me say it this way. Amen. It's very easy for human beings to be impressed by what we can do. And we don't really do a whole lot. We just think that we do. We just believe, oh man, that guy, he, you know, he shot a basketball and good for that guy. He's making a million dollars. If I could put a ball in a hoop and make a million dollars, I'd be doing that. Not right now, but sometime during the week. Amen. Listen, good for him. Amen. But we exalt the achievement a minute. If we're not careful, we do it in a church. Amen. Preachers will do it with themselves. God will begin to use him a little bit. Well, listen, I'm not saying anything new. Brother B talks about it. God will take a man. That's why brother B said it's so hard for God to find a man he can use that won't exalt himself. See, God begin to use a man. God begin to use a church. God begin to use a people. And if we're not careful, well, we're message believers and we're the best this and we're the best that. And it wasn't you that did it in the first place. Well, this is what I'm coming to to bring my point back around. Listen, when you're sufficiently impressed with the finished work of Calvary, you cease to be impressed by what a man can do. You cease to be impressed by what you can do. Amen. You don't look at your own achievement, your own ability. Well, listen. I'm better than the next guy and I'm more holy and I'm all the insecurity and the vanity and the pride. It disappears because when you look at what God has done, you say, "Who can compare? What could any of us do in a lifetime that could compare to what God did that day, that morning when he raised Christ from the dead? Nothing compares. Nothing comes close. And the things of men, the things of our own ego, our ideas, they cease to impress us in the light of what God has done. Amen. And if we're not careful, we become enthusiastic about all these other things. And we miss the main thing. So Easter's a good reminder. Don't forget the main thing. You got a nice church. The air is colder than it is someplace, you know. Got a nice building, nice people. Find people. Some of the best people in the world sitting right here this this morning. Amen. But it's all because of Jesus Christ. It's not a preacher. It's not me. Listen, I I'm not taking any credit. You know, you come up, brother, that really helped me. That was God. That's not me. And I'm not saying that to be fake humble. I mean it from the bottom. I ain't got nothing for you. Amen. I ain't got nothing for you. But there's good news. There's one that does. I'm not him. I'm I'm like John. I'm just bearing witness of it. I'm just telling you what he's done for me. I'm just telling you what he's done for you. And that should be an enthusiasm to us. Amen. That the Lord. Amen. You know, Brother Ram was talking to Paris Reed Head one day and this guy I think he was the uh he I think it was a Baptist was in charge of some missions or something or whatever. I can't remember right now, but he was talking to Paris Reedhead about that and and he you know he's talking about I think it was in the trial but he looked at them Pentecostals down there and how they were carrying on and kicking the chairs over and this and that and brother Reed had asked brother said do you think that's a you think that's the Lord? He's like well yeah I don't I don't believe it's not the Lord you know I I just they don't know what they're doing with it. Amen. And he says, 'Well, I hear you're associating with them Pentecostals. And brother said, 'Yes, sir. I am one of them. Amen. Well, praise the Lord. And and Paris Street, well, do you think that's the Holy Spirit? He said, 'Yes, sir. And that gentleman, he said, "Well, I can't understand why they have all that screaming and shouting and going on like that." And brother Bam makes this point. He says, "Listen, if you can't put the steam to roll on a wheel, a wheel, it'll blow out the whistle somewhere." Amen. So, Brother Bam says, "That's why I'm with them." Amen. They've got something. He's not denying. Oh, them Pentecost is all worked up. It's just all No, they've got something. They just don't know what to do with it. Amen. That's why I'm with him. He said, if you could only get that thing in operation and that enthusiasm moving out yonder to win souls, it would conquer the world. That's why I'm there. He said, "Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. In other words, he didn't come do away with their shouting, their worship, their praise. But it doesn't do any good if it doesn't go out of the building. If the resurrection just stays in a garden somewhere in Israel and you got to go there, it don't do you no good. That's right. Amen. That's good preaching. Amen. Amen. So, he's not doing away with your enthusiasm. He wants you to have enthusiasm, but what are you doing with your enthusiasm? Amen. If you know that Christ has risen from the dead, what are you doing with it? said, "Amen." Well, let me tell you what Jesus did with it. Amen. When Jesus rose from the dead, he didn't keep it a secret. Well, don't tell anybody. I don't want people to know that I've overcome hell, death, and the grave. I don't want people to know that I'm alive again. No, I said go tell my disciples. Go tell these Go tell everybody. Get all excited. Go tell everybody Jesus Christ is king. Amen. He appears to 500. He appears to guys on the road. He's showing up everywhere. Let them know, "Hey, guess what? I'm not dead. I'm alive and I'm alive forever more. What should you do with it? The same thing. As the father sent me, so send you. Go tell somebody. Don't just sit on it. Don't just be a secret about it. Let somebody know. Glory to God. Listen, God did not just give us the Here we are. He did not just give us the gospel for us to sit around and have big meetings and get excited and touch on how holy and awesome and excited and powerful and anointed we are and then it just stays in the tent, stays in the church, stays in the building, and we never take it out anywhere. Go ye into all the world. Preach the gospel to every creature. Well, praise the Lord. Listen, if you're going to be a witness to me, you got to tell somebody. Now, now this is where I get in trouble. Maybe I've used this before. I don't This is where I get in trouble. You know, there's there's testimonies and there's testimonies. There's some testimonies. They're good church testimonies. Amen. You you some sister in church, she comes up. Well, you know, I was just really discouraged the other day and and I went to the gas station and and gas was 213. I thought that's my house address. And I knew that God cared about that's great, but don't don't tell the guy on the street that. He's going to think you're nuts. That's so good. I'm not. That is so good. We don't think about who we're talking to. Well, listen. This this thing that did that means only one thing to me. I'm going That's that good church testimony. And probably they'll clap for you cuz message people are too nice. I tell you, I get myself is so good. How do I How do I get out of this lion's den? Lord, think about who you're talking to, right? Well, I'm going to talk to this guy at work and he's sick. Well, don't tell him about how God gave you a new car. I mean, that's fine. I got a new thing. Praise God. That's not where he's at, right? It's not good news if it doesn't pertain to situation. Hey, I know you're sick, but guess what? I know a guy at my church that was going through the same thing and we had See, now that's what I'm talking about. That's the testimony of a true witness. Amen. There's got to be Well, praise the Lord. Amen. We'll go around and we'll we'll tell stories. Amen. Like there's some value to it. But to be a witness, there's got to be something that strikes home. Amen. You see what I'm saying? I'm not saying that other testimony is invaluable. I'm saying it doesn't mean anything to that person. Amen. So, brother, let me say this. Brother says this. He says this, and I'm going to read a quote. That's how I'm going to get out of this. I'm just going to Brother Bam says this in witnesses 1953. Sometimes when you witness for God, you have to suffer a little bit. He said, "You remember when mother told you you couldn't stay around home or as long as you read the Bible and carried up?" Now, I I don't know if there's there's people like that. I know. They got kicked out of their house because they believe the message, they believe the gospel. He said, "You remember when mother told you you couldn't stay at home as long as you read the Bible and carried on? Or some neighbor said, some children said at school you was a fanatic or something because you was a true witness? Remember on the job how all the men laughed at you because you was a real witness? How on the streets you were made fun of when you give a testimony?" He says, "But that's a genuine sign of a real true witness." God wants witnesses. Now some people say, "I testify in church." That's good. It's like you're shouting. It's good. Nothing against that. I testify in church. That's good. But brother, let your light shine in the dark places where it's really needed. Out in the hedges, in the highways, in the barrooms. I don't know who's going to the barroom, but stand outside. Oh, I didn't realize I was at the Eagles. Well, now that I'm here, get saved. down the street, everywhere you're at, let your light shine as a witness. See, what I'm saying is sometimes you'll be the one that goes by the Mary in the garden. She's going through something and that's when you got to be a witness. Amen. It's not just always all here. Amen. Somebody's going through something like Mary. And you can testify to that person like Jesus did to her, like Jesus did to us. You might be in a bad situation, but he won't leave you there. Amen. What you're going through now, there's a reason for it. But at the end of the tunnel, at the end of it all, there's an answer. Amen. There's got to be an answer. Job knew there had to be an answer. If a tree's cut down, there's hope that living. What about man? God had the answer. There's a way out. You might be in a bad spot today. Maybe you're not. I hope you're not, but you might be. But if you're there today, he won't leave you there. Amen. He's given us access to the holy place. Whatever your need is, you can have boldness, right? In the time of need. Amen. You're not scared. Well, what am I going to do? You know where to go. Amen. Amen. God bless you today. Why don't we stand to our feet? I want to encourage you today to Oh, I said that again. See, look at that. I want to discourage you enough not to lose your enthusiasm. Amen. To be a witness to somebody. When you go out of here, that's when the witnessing begins. Amen. Now, I would encourage you to invite somebody to church for Easter, but we're here. But, uh, maybe go tell somebody you haven't told before. Tell them about what the Lord did in your life. Amen. That's what Easter's about. Telling somebody he's risen. Amen. Now, there's a right way and a wrong way to do that. That was my point earlier. Amen. You don't have to badger him to death or whatever. Amen. But let your light so shine. Amen. Find find some place. You know, brother, get somebody on the platform. You'll talk to him and he'll tell you, "Well, I'm talking because I'm trying to contact their spirit." Now, now, if you don't know what that's about, pray about it. Amen. Because it's entering into where somebody's at, meeting them where they're at. Amen. That's what God did for us. We couldn't get to him, so he came to us. Are you glad today? I believe God is speaking. I believe God is trying to deal with our lives. And it's like Mary, if we'll just wait a little bit on him. There's something for you today. Amen. Why don't we sing this song? Uh, I think it's the key of C. Amen. Let's sing this song together. I come to the garden alone while the dew is still on the roses and the voice I hear falling on my ear. The son of God gets close. And he walks with me. And he talks with me. And he tells me I am his own. And the joy we share as we dare be there. none other can ever know. Oh, I like this right here. He speaks and the sound of his voice is so sweet that all the birds hush their singing and the me that he gave to me within. Is it still ringing today? Amen. Hallelujah. It's [Applause] [Music] ringing and he walks with Hallelujah. And he talks with me. And he tells me I am his own. And the joy that we share as we dare brea there none other can't ever know. Oh my. Here we go now. Well, I'd stay in the garden with him. Oh, the night all around me be falling. But he bids me go through the voice of wo his voice to me is calling and he walks with me. And he talks with me and he tells me I am his own. And the joy we share as we tear re there now [Music] another just play that softly as we pray. Let's let's bow our heads Jesus. Oh Godlujah. I think back to a night where I was like Mary in that garden. Oh Lord, I was so [Music] desperate for my own situation. But this woman, she just wanted to know, they've taken my Lord. Where have they taken him? Oh God, you were there all the time. You were there to receive her. You were there to be a help to her, Lord, in that garden. Just you and her. I pray today, Lord, for each of us, wherever we're at, whatever we're going through. It might just it might just be one person, Lord. We can sit in a church full of people. We can stand and praise the Lord. We can have friends and family surround us. And yet in our hearts, we feel so alone. We feel so forsaken at times, but Lord, you're here today. I I pray for that one. If they're discouraged, I pray for that one. Whatever they're going through, Lord, it might be the hardest day. They might not have they might have struggled just to make it today. It might have taken everything within them just to get here. Lord, may you just say something. Speak to them now. Lord, give them some strength. Hallelujah. Give them strength to realize you're here, that you're alive, and it means everything to us. Bless these people. We pray. Father, help us to be real witnesses, Lord, of the resurrection. To go tell somebody how our candle got lit. To tell somebody what you mean to us, Lord. We love you, Lord. We thank you. We're nothing without you, oh God. And I want the world to know. I want people to know what you've done for me because you'll do it for them. Help your children I pray today and bless these ones I ask in Jesus Christ's name. God bless you richly is my prayer. You know I I think I I get a little bit older. I'm not super old, but um I you just, you know, Brother Bram talked about his daddy and talked about getting older, getting the blues, and uh you know how it is for old people sometimes, they get crappy. They look at these young kids. Ah, kids now. You know how it is. You can either go that way or you you get softer. And man, I don't I don't like being that guy because I But you just, you know, it's moments like these you realize how precious people are. Amen. How precious you are, how precious the person next to you is to God. And it's so easy to forget that. But don't ever take that for granted. Lord, help me. Help each one of us not to take each other for granted. God bless you today. We love you in the Lord. Brother, sing something for us before I can't stop talking. He walks with God bless you and he talks with me and he tells me that I am his Lord. [Music] Oh, and the joy that we share as we tear me there none other has ever known. Oh, let's just sing one more time. And he walks with me. Oh, and he walks with me and he talks with me and he tells me I am his own. Oh, thank you, Lord. Oh, and the joy that we all share as we tear there [Music] another joy that we all share as we take Mary there has ever hallelujah. Aren't you thankful that he walks with you this morning? Amen. Hallelujah. Let's sing this song. Amen. What a beautiful name it is. Amen. If anyone wants to come for prayer, our brother is more than happy to pray for you. Amen. Amen. Let's just worship the Lord just for a little bit before we [Music] go. Sing the first verse. For you were the word in the beginning. Amen. One with God the Lord most high. [Music] Your hidden glory and creation now revealed in you our Christ. What a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. Oh yes, the name of Jesus Christ my king. What a beautiful name it is. Well, nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus. Well, this is what he did for us. Amen. Oh, you didn't want heaven without us. So, think about it. So Jesus, you brought heaven down. My sin was great. My sin was greater. Your love was gater. Oh, and what could separate us now? What a wonderful name it is. Oh yes. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. Oh, what a wonderful name it is. Oh yes. Oh for nothing compares to this. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jes. Let us sing a verse one more time. He didn't want Oh, he didn't want heaven without He didn't want heaven without you. So Jesus, you have brought heaven down. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Oh, my sin was great, but his love was greater. So what could rain even now? What a wonderful name it is. Hallelujah. What a wonderful name it is. Oh yes. The name of my Jesus Christ my king. Oh what a wonderful name it is. Oh for nothing come. No comparison to him. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Let's just sing it. Let's pray now. Oh, death could not hold you. Oh, the veil tore the mighty hunger. You silence the sin and grave. Thank you, Jesus. The heavens are Oh, thank you Lord. Hallelujah. the praise of your glory before you are raised to life. He has no rival over He has no rival. Oh, he has no He has no equal. Oh, now and forever. My God reigns. Oh, yes. For his is the kingom and his is the glory and his is the name. He has a name above all your names. And what a powerful name it is. Oh yes, a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, what a powerful name it is. I know that nothing can sin against. Oh, yes. It is the name of Jesus. Oh, and you have no rival. Lord, you have no equal now and forever. My God reigns. Oh yes. For yours is the kingom. Oh Lord. Yours is the glory. And yours is the name. The name above all the other names. And what a powerful name it is. Oh, what a powerful name it is. The name of my Jesus Christ my king. Oh what a powerful name it is. I know that nothing can stand against. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. There's nothing like the name of Jesus. Hallelujah. [Music] Just one more time real softly. What a beautiful name. What a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. Oh, what a beautiful name it is. For nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus. Oh yes. You thought I was worth saving. So you came and changed my life. You thought I was worth keeping. Oh yes. So you clean me up inside. You thought I was to die for. So you sacrifice your life. So I could be free. So I could be whole. So I can tell everyone you thought I was worth. He thought I was worth saving. Oh yes. Oh Lord. So you came and changed my life. You thought I was worth keeping. Oh Lord, so you made me up inside. You thought I was to die for. So you sacrifice your life. So I could be free. So I could be whole. So I can tell everyone I know. Oh hallel hallelujah. Oh glory be to God. Oh glory to the God and to the God who changed my life. And I will praise you forever. I worship you forever. I give you glory. Oh because I am free because I am all. And I will tell everybody I know that he thought I was worth saving. Oh yes. So he came and changed my life. He thought I was worth keeping. Oh, aren't you glad about that this morning? So he cleaned me up inside. He thought I was to die for. So he sacrificed his own life. So I could be free. So I could be whole. So I can tell everyone. Let's sing hallelujah once again. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. To the God who changed my life. To the God. Oh to the God who changed my life. And I will praise you. I worship you. I will give you glory. Oh, because I am free. Because I am whole. And I will tell. Oh, let's just sing hallelujah all together once again. Oh, halle hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Glory to the God. To the God who changed my life. And I will praise you. I worship you. I will give you glory. Oh, because we are free. Because we are whole. And we will tell everyone. Because I am free. Because I am free. Because I am whole. And I will tell every because I am free. Because I am free. Because I am whole. And I will tell everyone I know. He thought I was worth saving. Oh yes. So he came and changed my life. He thought we were worth keeping. Thank you, Lord. So he cleaned me up inside. He thought we were to die for. So he sacrificed his life. So we could be free. So we could be whole. So we can tell everyone I know. So I could be free. So I could be whole. So I can tell everyone I know. He thought I was worth saving. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, we thought you were worth it all. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. Oh, let's just sing this before we go. Oh, you're worthy of it [Music] all. Oh, you're worthy of it all. [Music] Oh, for from you are all things and to you are all things. Lord, you deserve the glory. Oh, he's worthy of it all this morning. Oh Lord, you're worthy of it all. Yes, you are, Lord. You're worthy of it all. Oh, for from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. He deserves the glory. Amen. Once more time. He's worthy. Oh Lord, you're worthy of it all. Amen. Oh Lord, you're worthy of it [Music] all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. Lord, you're worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You are worthy of it all. Hallelujah. Amen. Is he worthy of it all this morning? He is worthy. Amen. Our king is worthy. Amen. Deserve all praise, all glory and honor, by the way. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. How many can say it's been good to be in the house of God this morning? It's been good to be in his presence. Let's just thank the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's just bow our heads before we're dismissed. Dear kind, gracious heavenly father, Lord, how we so thank you, Lord Jesus, for your word, Lord, this morning. Lord Jesus, what a what a word this morning, Lord Jesus. What a word of Lord Jesus of encouragement Lord Jesus. Lord, I can imagine Lord those disciples Lord Jesus when sometimes we don't even think about it Lord those disciples when everything had happened Lord Jesus and Lord all they've been through Lord Jesus I just can't imagine what must have been going through their minds Lord must have been so discouraged Lord so disheartened Lord because they just thought oh we just we just knew we just knew but but Lord in the midst of all that Lord Jesus you still came to them Lord Jesus oh thank you Lord that Lord even in our lowest times you still come to us, Lord. So thankful for that, Lord. I'm so thankful, Lord, for amazing grace. That Lord, you didn't stay in that tomb, but Lord, you rose again, Lord Jesus. That Lord, we can rise with you, Lord Jesus. And that we can spend eternity with you. We're I'm so grateful for it, Lord. I know I I say it a lot, but Lord, I'm so thankful, Lord, because Lord, without you, Lord, we're nothing and we can do nothing, Lord. Oh father Lord, we thank you Lord. Lord Jesus that Lord you never leave us. You never forsake us Lord Jesus that Lord we're never alone. We're never alone in this life Lord. Lord Jesus I pray that Lord maybe if there's others Lord that are still struggling with that maybe Lord. I've been there Lord many times Lord. We've all have Lord Jesus felt alone. I just pray you Lord you go to them even now Father Lord you care for them Lord just like you did for your disciples Lord. on that morning, Lord Jesus. And Lord, you turn their sorrow into joy. And Lord, as you've done this morning, Lord, you turn our sorrow into joy. Or as your prophet said, what a resurrection that was, but what a resurrection this is. Hallelujah. We love you, Lord. You're the great almighty God. There's none like you, Lord. No one else can touch our hearts like we can. We couldn't do nothing, Lord. But Lord, you came down and became one of us. No one else can touch our hearts like you can, Lord. Oh my. Thank you, Lord, for your word today, Lord. I pray you bless each and every one, Lord. Bless Brother Alexander, Lord Jesus, as he's given himself to you today. And just pray you bless him. Bless his family. Bless the church there in Bluffton, Lord. Bless each and everyone, Lord, the visitors this morning, Lord. Bless your people, Lord, that have gathered in this this beautiful, beautiful resurrection morning, Lord Jesus. As we worship you in spirit and truth, we so love you, Lord. Words cannot describe, Lord, how much we love you and we thank you. Pray you go with your people know now, Lord, as they each one goes to their dwelling place with their families, Lord. May they continue to be a light and a witness, Lord, of your resurrection that's within their hearts, Lord, that's with all our hearts, Lord. We love you, Lord. Until we should meet again, if you should tar, and if not, Lord, we love you. We thank you. commit the rest of the day to your hands, Lord. We love you, Lord, in Jesus precious name. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. It's been good to be here, hasn't it? Praise the Lord. Amen. You're dismissed. If you want to go, if you still want to worship, you're more than welcome to. Amen. Happy Easter, everyone. I exalt thee, oh Lord, I exalt thee. Oh Lord, I [Music] exalt thee. Oh, I exalt thee. Yes, Lord. I exalt [Music] thee. Oh Lord, I exalt thee, Lord. Oh, I exalt thee. Oh Lord, I exalt thee. Oh, I exalt thee. I exalt thee. Oh my Lord, I exalt thee. Oh Jesus, I exalt thee. Oh Lord, Lord I exalt thee. Oh [Music] I Oh Lord. Oh, I exalt [Music] thee. Oh, I exalt thee. I am a friend of God. [Music]
