################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-10 - Apr 09, 2025 Wednesday Service: Pastor Bloteh Won - Understood By Books - Bloteh Won - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-10
Title:   Apr 09, 2025 Wednesday Service: Pastor Bloteh Won - Understood By Books
Speaker: Bloteh Won
Church:  Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wTC_R9yFYjE
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] As the dear parted for the waterers, so my soul longed after thee. You alone are my heart is iron and I long to worship him. You alone and my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit. [Music] You alone are my heart desire and I long to worship you. You are a friend and you are my brother even though you are my king. I want you more than ever. Near the soul much more than [Music] anything. You alone are my strength, my shield. You alone does my spirit. [Music] You alone are my heart desire and I long to worship you. I want you more than gold or silver. Only you can find this one. You are alone at the real joy giver and the full of [Music] man. You alone are my strength, my shield. For you alone does my [Music] spirit. You alone are my heart desire and I long to worship you. We worship you. Hallelujah. Let's put our hands together for King of Kings and the Lord of Lord tonight, for the joy, for the blessing. Hallelujah. Let's go ahead and stand as we pray. And so, Father, we want to bless this gathering tonight. We thank you, Lord, for bringing us here again. May you bless this time of worship. Bless this time of praise. Bless this time of thanksgiving. Even bless this time of us coming as saints to pour our heart to you tonight. To God, we thank you, oh God, for many, many things you've done for us. Oh God, we thank you, oh God, for your word that will come forth tonight. Bless your servant. Oh God, strengthen him. Oh God, we thank you, oh God, for even those who are home screaming online. Even those who are trying to make their way here, Lord. Father, may you bring them safely, Lord. We thank you, God. May your spirit fill this room. May your holy ghost fire condes descend upon us oh God because you are the God that answer it by fire and you are a consuming fire oh Lord we thank you all praises all glory and honor belongs to you oh most high we thank you oh God for this wonderful time and we bless your name oh God in Jesus wonderful name we pray amen let's put our hands together for Jesus tonight amen to your neighbor and say God bless bless you. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Clap your hands. Amen. Spring up well within my soul. Spring up well and make me whole. Spring up for and give it to me. has life abundantly. There's a river of life flowing out of me. Makes the lip to walk and the blind to see. Open prisoners set the captive free. Thy river of life flow without spring of well within my soul. Spring up well and make me whole. Bring up over and give it to you as life abundantly. There's a river of life going out on me. Makes the lip to walk and I'm blind to see. Open prison set the captive free a river of [Music] life. Spring up oh sweet in my soul. Spring up well and make me whole. Spring up and give it to me life abundantly in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, we have the victory in the name of Jesus. Bless the name of Jesus. Demons will have to be when we come in the name of [Music] Jesus. Stand before the preious name of Jesus. We have the victory in the name of Jesus. Bless the name of Jesus. We have the victory in the name of Jesus. Bless the name of Jesus. He must have to fear when we come in the name of Jesus. Tell me in the preious name of Jesus. We have the victory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to your name, Jesus. We have the victory and that's why we have the liberty to praise and glorify his name. Let's put our hands together for Jesus tonight. Amen. [Applause] [Music] My heart was distressed near Jehovah dreadful and lower in the beach where my sins dragged me down. I cried to the Lord from the deep maring clay. He brought me to the golden day. He brought me out from the maring clay. He set my feet on the rock to sing. He put a song in my soul to a song of praises. Hallelujah. He brought me out from the mering clay. He set my feet on the right. He poured a song in my soul to a song of praises. Hallelujah. He placed me upon the rock of the side. My steps were established and here are abide. No danger of falling until I remain must stand by his grace until the crown I give. Hallelujah. [Music] He put a song in my soul today. A song of praises. Hallelujah. He gave me a song of God of all praise. By day and by night, his we know I will raise. My heart overflowing. I'm happy and free. I praise my redeemer who has rescued. Oh, he set me on the mering way. He set my feet on the rock to sing. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, he's down on the morning. He set my feet on the right day. He put a song in my soul today. A song of praises. Hallelujah. I sing of his wonderful mercy to me. I praise him. His goodness shall receive. I sing of salvation. at home and abroad till men shall hear they trust in God. [Music] Hallelujah. He set my feet on the right to stay. He put a song in my soul today. A song of praises. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Clap your hands. Glory. [Music] Oh, he brought me out from the mileing bed. He set my feet on the right to stay. He put a song in my soul today. A song of praise. [Music] Hallelujah. He brought me out from the morning. He set my feet on the rock to sing. He pull my soul to the song of praise. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. We bless your name, Jesus. Hallelujah. Well, let's go ahead and sing this song as we as pastor prepare himself to come. Amen. [Music] Christ our redeemer, died on the cross, died for the sins, paid all his due. Sprinkle your soul with the blood of the lamb. And I will pass I will pass over you. Oh, when I when I see the blood, when I see the blood, when I see the blood, I will pass. I will pass over you. forgive us of sins. Jesus will save all he has promised that he will do washing the mountain. Open for sin and I will pass. I will pass. Oh, when [Music] I see the blood, when I see the blood, when I see the blood, I will pass. I will pass. Oh, when I see the Lord, I see the [Music] Lord. When I see the Lord, I will pass. I will pass over you. Judgement is standing. All will be there. Each one received justly his hide in the senseless law. Then I will pass. I will pass. Oh, when I see the see the blood. When I see [Music] the When I will pass, I will pass. Oh, when I [Music] See, oh when I see the fall when I see the I will pass I will pass over you. [Music] Oh great compassion, all bound as love, all loving kindness, faithful and true. My peace and shelter on the blood and our bless. Oh, when [Music] I see the blood. When [Music] I see [Music] the blood pass, I will pass. Oh, and I [Music] Oh, when I see the When I see the I will pass. I will pass. When [Music] I see the blood when I see the Lord when I see the Lord I will pass. I will pass over you. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Bless your name, Jesus. Let's put our hands together for Jesus tonight. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's go and sing the song as we invite the pastor to come up. Just focus on him tonight. Give him your all in all, your undivided attention. Thank him for this hour. Bless his name. Just invite the presence of God tonight. We are [Music] standing on holy ground. And I know that there are angels all around. [Music] Let us [Music] praise Jesus. [Music] We ask in God's presence on holy ground. We are [Music] standing ground and I know that there are angels. first all around. So let us pray in Jesus name. Oh Lord, be I stand in God's presence on holy ground. The Lord bless you. Go to be in the house of the Lord tonight. You may have your seat. And uh we just want to uh bring a few prayer needs to us tonight. And then uh before we go right into the fellowship around the word, we want to thank the Lord. We had a it was a good good community service on Sunday. Amen. Good. Because uh I the atmosphere was good. The fellowship was good. The services were good. And I could feel the even the ones that were not in church standing with us. And the atmosphere was just good. Amen. And we thank the Lord for that. Praise the Lord. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Want to be praised. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. you know, uh by the grace of God, uh I believe that the Lord has has blessed us as u as a church and uh if uh if we would just stay with the word, dedicate our own personal life, I believe there is more that the Lord would do in our midst. Amen. We have uh a praying group of people, people that uh are praying uh setting themselves aside, praying for the needs around this church and praying to see more of God. Last week uh uh I received this text from one of the saints of uh of the church here and it just it just set my heart to pray. God bless you. Please, it has been laid on my heart to tell you to pray against uh a tragic loss. Have a peaceful day and uh uh thank you and you know especially when you know uh how God deals with some of the people around you, you don't take those things very lightly. So my heart was really really in prayer uh last week and we just want to thank the Lord for bringing us uh through the different the different uh experiences that we had last week. Uh brother Steve Cassie was not well and few of the saints have not been well. Sister Jenny and just the rest of them and then we've just different things. We just kept our heart praying and trusting the Lord. And uh so I think uh the service on Sunday, most especially the prayer meeting Sunday evening, the communion service was was just really a blessing. I thank the Lord for that. But then uh uh Monday morning [Music] uh sister Jenny receive a call that her mother passed away. Her mother not been well for a while now. So, uh, but, uh, uh, I heard that on on Sunday, uh, that, uh, they had to rush her mom to the hospital. And uh so we want to we want to pray for for all the the girls and the entire Peterson family that the Lord will just strengthen them and uh uh we want to remember them. We have a prayer need here. Uh please keep me in prayer. I will be going to see the doctor on Friday morning to get uh uh an echo cardiogram done so the doctor can get a better look at something they saw on the left side of my heart and that's from Sister Kelly. So we want to bring that knee before the Lord tonight and uh Sister Fatu will also be going in to see the doctor tomorrow. We want to remember her that the Lord will will uh will be with her through the procedure. Uh Shalom says, "Please pray for my mom, my dad, and my sister who have pains in their legs and body that the almighty God will heal them." That's from sister Dawas. And uh we want to remember them too. Sister Joy called in uh uh this evening and ask that we pray for her. She will be serving. Sister Bridget also not feeling well and uh she want us to also keep her in prayer. Uh uh and keep her entire family in prayer as well. Let's just bow our hearts to the Lord and uh we we just first want to bring thanks to to him tonight. We pray together and just appreciate the Lord for his goodness, his mercy, and the way that he's dealing with us. I mean uh sometimes um the Lord would deal with some of the saints in dreams and I mean things they would tell me and you would just see it just happening and I I just believe that the Lord have his hands upon us as a church and just wanting us to draw closer to him as he draw us closer to him. Let's pray together as we give thanks tonight. Heavenly Father, we just want to be grateful Lord. We want to be grateful that Father, you are mindful. You are mindful of us, Lord God. And we want to thank you, precious Lord, for the way Lord God, your your great Holy Spirit, oh God is is dealing with us, Lord Father. Lord God, just a handful of group of people, Lord God, Father. But Lord Jesus, you you pulled 12 men, oh God, Lord Father, that were called your disciples. And there were other women, oh God, Father, Lord, that followed that group, Lord God, Jesus. And Lord, Father, you turn the word around, oh God, Lord, and and just, oh God, by what you were doing, Lord, in a life of men that will believe that God, Father, you are the Messiah, Lord God, you are the promised one, Lord Jesus. And father, that's what we are praying. We are asking that God, oh Father, you will raise up men. You will raise up women, Lord, in this assembly, Father, that will be dedicated to your word, to believe that your word is truthful, oh God. Father, your promises are y and amen, oh father lord. Oh God, not just to confess it, but to stick our life to it, oh God, to stick our testimony to it, Father Lord, to step up to the place, oh God. Father, Lord God, where we can be a son of God, Father, a daughter of God, a vessel of honor, Lord Jesus. Oh father, we bless your name. We glorify you tonight in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Oh God, we pray. And father Lord we want to bring all of these needs to you father. Oh God we ask that Lord your grace oh God Jesus father Lord God would just bless our sister and her family Lord God. Oh precious Lord on the glory home of her mother. We ask that Lord you would just bring comfort to them oh God father and help them Lord Jesus as they deal with all all father God lord Jesus that they will have to do father Lord God we we give you the praise we give you the glory we pray for spiritual strength Lord we pray oh father Lord for guidance that your grace would just be with them father Lord God oh sweet Jesus Christ oh God we pray father Lord tonight oh father that you will be Father God with uh Sister Fatu as she goes. Lord God, Father, oh Lord Jesus, for her procedure tomorrow that the great physician, Lord, we ask that God, oh Father, you would just give her rest in your finished work, Lord. May she believe you, oh God. Father, that Lord God, you were the one that did the first surgery. And Father God, every soldier, you are in control because you you created a body, Lord. You put it together only you father God can be able to direct the hands of the doctor. We pray that God you will be with sister Kelly Lord. Father also father and she will go in oh God. Precious Lord whatever the doctors were saying almighty God you can touch her father Lord. Oh God that she will come out on a clean sheet Lord Jesus in the name of the Lord God Almighty we pray that Father you will rebuke the hands of the enemy Lord Jesus. Oh God, tonight Father, Lord, we pray. Oh God, Savior Divine, Lord Jesus, uh um uh Sister Darcas request, Lord, Father, Lord God, Brother Hillary and his wife, Lord, and our sister, Lord God, that are feeling pains in their body. Almighty God, we pray that Lord, you would touch them tonight in the name of Jesus Christ. Oh father, sister Bridget, well, we pray that God, you will be with her, Lord. bless her with strength and healing. Oh father God, Lord and even as her husband travel to Lord God that Lord Father you will bless the finishing of his strength Lord we pray to God father for sister Joy also precious Lord almighty God and every unspoken prayer request oh father Lord every uplifted hands oh so God father Lord every burden has tonight Lord Jesus oh father we give it to you Lord we give it to you Lord we give it to you Lord Father we give to you sweet Jesus. We thank you father God tonight. What a wonderful savior you are. Yes Lord Jesus. Thank you father God that we can say Lord we are standing Lord God. The same place oh father Lord God where Moses stood and you told him to take off his shoes because he was standing on holy ground. Almighty God father we are standing in the presence of our maker. We are standing in the presence of the great pillow of fire. Oh God, the one from whom nothing is hid. Lord God, you know Father, our touch. Lord, you know Father God, Lord, our hearts. You know our desires. So Lord God, you know our battles. So Father, Lord Jesus, you know the things, oh God. Father, Lord, we are committing to you. Oh God, we pray tonight, Father. Thank you, sweet Jesus. Thank you, sweet Jesus. Thank you, sweet Jesus. Oh, we bless your name tonight. We bless your name tonight. We bless your name tonight, Father God. Thank you, Lord, for blessing us on the weekend, Lord God. Father, the services on Sunday, Lord, Father God, we just thank you, precious Lord, Father. Oh God, Lord, we give you the praise. We give you the glory and honor. We ask that you bless your people, Lord God. Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, we just thank you tonight, Lord. Hallelujah, Father. So, we are standing. Let's stand on our feet tonight on holy ground. And I know that there are angels all around. Yes, Lord. Come and bless us with your presence tonight. Let us pray. Sweet Jesus now. Oh yes, we are steadily in God's presence on holy ground. Father, we will ask special blessing upon the word that we will read tonight. Oh God, Father, the thoughts and the burden on our hearts, oh Father, Lord, we pray that God, you will come, Lord, Father, Lord Jesus, break your word to our hearts, oh Father God, give us understanding, inspiration, oh God, stimulation of revelation, Father, Lord, you give, give them all, Father. So we ask tonight bless us in your presence in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. The Lord bless you. Thank you musicians. Let's take our Bibles tonight. Daniel chapter 9. Daniel chapter 9. couple of weeks back or Wednesdays back, we were talking on uh Messiah the prince and I and I want to uh go back to that line of thought, but we will speak on something different tonight title a little bit different. Daniel chapter 9. Praise the Lord. in the first year of Dyrus, the son of Heseras, of the seed of uh Media, which was made king over the reign of the Cheddians in the first year of his reign. Ad understood by books. I Daniel understood by books. We title what we speaking on tonight understood by books. I Daniel understood by books the number of the year where of the the word of the Lord came to Jeremiah the prophet that he who accomplished 70 years in the desolation of Jerusalem. And I set my face unto the Lord God to seek by prayer and supplication. I set my face unto the Lord God to seek by prayer and supplication and fasting and sight and arches. And I prayed unto the Lord my God, and made my confession, and said, Oh Lord, the the great and dreadful God, keeping the covenant and mercy to them that love him and to them that keep his commandment. The Lord bless you. You may have your seat. I prayed unto the Lord as we continue to read, the Lord my God, and I made my confession. I believe that uh I believe that uh uh I mean uh uh we cannot make prayers unto the Lord without making confession. Amen. No matter how much we prayed, we must be able to to just make our confession. Tell the Lord how we feeling in our heart and the things that we are dealing with and the places where we need his help. Amen. We must make confession unto the Lord. Daniel said, "I made my confession and said, 'Lord, oh Lord, the the the great and dreadful God, keeping the covenant and uh mercy to them that love him and to them that keep his commandment. We have sinned and have committed iniquity and have done wickedly and have rebelled even by departing from thy precept and from and from thy judgment. Now you have to realize here that this was the this was the Daniel that said he would not defile himself with uh the things of the Babylonian. But you see when he comes to prayer he didn't say Lord the people out there have backslided the people out of No. He joined himself to the rest of the group. Amen. He said we have sinned. Amen. Praise the Lord. He didn't say oh Lord all my people they are backsla they are worshiping the image of Nebuchinne. Lord God is just only men and Shedra Mishad and Ben that are standing in this hour. We really need you. No he's standing for the people. Amen. Praise the Lord. He said, "We have sinned. We have committed iniquity. We have done wickedly. We have rebelled even by departing from thy precept and from thy judgment. Neither have we hearkening unto thy servants the prophets. We speak in thy name to our kings and our princes and and our fathers and to all the people of the land. Oh Lord, righteousness belongth unto thee, but unto us confusion of faces. Amen. I just believe that's where we are. Praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. I just believe that where we are uh right now as a nation, confusion of faces. uh as are the days of the men of Judah and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem and unto all Israel that are that are neared and that are far off through all the countries where thou has driven them because of their trespasses that they have trespassed against thee. Oh Lord, to us belongeth confusion of faces. to our kings, to our princes, to our fathers because we have sinned against thee. Praise the Lord. And we can go on and on and on. But I I just want to take a little talk there from uh uh the verse two in the first uh year of his reign. A Daniel understood by books. And these books that he was talking about were the letters of Jeremiah where Jeremiah wrote concerning these things that uh that Israel was going through. You read over there in uh Jeremiah chapter 29:10. For thus say the Lord that after 70 years be accomplished at Babylon, I will visit you and perform my good works towards you in causing you to return. So Daniel year was looking into Jeremiah prophecy. He was looking because I mean these things were said when he was a young man. He heard it in church. Now year said they are over there in captivity. He's uh he's feeling the burden to go back and read everything that Jeremiah have said. Amen. Now what I want us to see this evening is that when we were talking about uh uh uh Messiah the prince, we were identifying the prince of Persia that was waring against Daniel. And then uh uh uh then also we we identified uh uh trying to handle because Daniel is praying and asking God for understanding and asking God, you know, to to make him to understand the time, you know, how how long are we going to be in captivity? How many years is left in all of these things? He's asking the Lord and and and waiting on God to give him understanding. But here is it said that that that there were demon powers that are called the prince of Pesure, the spirit of the land was trying to hinder Daniel from understanding these things. Praise the Lord. Amen. That's where our our thoughts are tonight for us to be able to understand the walls that are around us. Praise the Lord. Amen. And the things that we are asking the Lord for, the things we are believing for, the things we are looking up to for there, we we have we have an enemy that is waring against us. Praise the Lord. We have an enemy that that that that don't want us to enjoy the joy of our salvation, that don't want us to to to to enjoy the reality of the word. Here is Daniel setting out his heart. And now these powers were hindering him. That's what I want us to see in uh in the thought here tonight. These evil spirits were henrying his request and then God now also sending a backup. Praise the Lord. Amen. Paul said the weapons of our warfare are not canon. Praise the Lord. It's a pouring down of stronghold. It's a pouring down. You have to pull down strong power, strong influence or else I'm telling you, you're not going to enjoy this word. You are not going to enjoy the blessing of salvation. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. So, here is him here pouring out his heart, trying to read through the letters of Jeremiah, reading through the prophecy. Lord, give me understanding. And I'm telling you, the times that we are living in is right in this book. Amen. If you want to understand the times, you got to get down in this book on your knees. Praise the Lord. Don't read it like a lecturer. You got to read it praying Lord bless your word to my heart. Amen. Give me understanding. Are we together? That's what we want to look at tonight. So we we just in uh uh title our thought tonight understood by books. Listen to what uh uh brother Brand said. I I picked that up. listen to a tape today. He said, "A man uh the identification of Christ in all ages, a man is known, a man is knows he comes from the beyond. And a dark shallower curtains that hang between him and where he was before he comes here. And he know he must go beyond that curtain. And he is always wanting to know where he comes from, what he is and where he is going. We have millions of volumes that's been wrote as opposed on the subject. But there is only one book. There are 66 volume in it that can tell you where you come from, who you are, where you are going. And that is the Bible. Praise the Lord. Amen. You see uh uh uh uh uh uh many people will think that the Bible is just a history of uh of of the Jews or the history of Babylon, a history of Egypt and and all of those different names that is but but this is the word of God. It's a book of prophecy. Praise the Lord. Because the very times that we are living in right now, the very times we are living in, the things that are happening around the world, the things that are happening right in in the nation where we find ourself are written right in the line of scripture. Are we together? Amen. If you if you remember if you remember uh some time ago, we look at some uh scriptures there over in uh uh Jeremiah or Ezekiel where the Bible talks about the three things that God whiffs the nation with is either farming, swore or pestilence. Amen. These are God three whips that he whipped the nation with. It's either farming, swore, or pestilence. Now, pestilence is sicknesses, diseases, farming, shortage of food, you know, uh drought and all of that, and swore is war. Are we together? Now, if you look in Revelation when the Bible talks about the uh uh uh you know, at the opening of the seals, the the the the the horses that came out and uh uh the white, the red, and the black. Praise the Lord. You'll realize that each one of those were powers and and you know, and they are identified. I'm not dwelling on that. I just want to grab uh using that as a bit to grab your attention tonight. And uh but you will see that the uh all of those things there are three powers there are three powers that were going to that God's people will have dealt with throughout the church ages. And these three powers were going to be political power. Are we together? There were going to be religious power, political power and also economical power. Praise the Lord. Amen. So if you look at uh the the the first horse rather, you will see he had h a bow but no arrow. He was running with a religious spirit. And with that religious spirit, he were killing the people spiritually. It was spiritual death. Are we together? Amen. Now when you look through the next house rather, you will see where uh the Bible says that uh uh uh uh uh uh he will touch he were told not to touch the oil and the wine. you know uh uh uh a ballot for a penny. Are we together? So you will see that right in that time also it became more like uh like a like a a kind of a economical thing that was going on. Are we together now? But when you come to the fourth horse rather, the fourth horse rather had the merging of the three horse rather spirits. So both the political, the religious and the economical came together to make the pill house. And your time that you are living in, you are under the pill house. You're not in the time of the white house. You're not in the time of the red, neither the black. our time. It is these three powers that have come together. And if you look right now in in America or what is happening around the world, that's exactly what we are dealing with. Amen. Praise the Lord. We have all these uh uh uh uh uh uh economical things that are going on mixed with politics. And then it's also backed up by the ecominical church, the uh uh evangelicals, which is the religious branch that is there. Praise the Lord. Are we together? So you see we are in such a time where all of these things that are happening they are not just uh uh uh uh happening you know randomly that's why I always says prophecy is stronger than politics praise the lord because the beast power the evil power that is running in this age is the pure house power and when He runs. He runs with these three these three power merging together. Are we together? Amen. He runs with these three powers merging together. So that is the time that we are in. and and and uh and and you know I I I choose to bring this tonight you know just to be able to encourage you that the uh uh you know the the the the news the media you know they will they will tell us everything that is happening in in Washington everything that is happening in Wall Street and and you know you I mean you if you feed your mind to that you get discouraged you get broken but I'm telling you there's nothing you can do about it because the word of God says Praise the Lord. What you can do about it is do just like what Daniel did. For you to be able for those things to ever make sense to you because that's what Daniel wanted for the captivity to make sense to him. He had to go back to the writing of Jeremiah. Are we together? Amen. Now, watch this. Now, let's let's stay in this a little bit. Uh Daniel chapter nine. Are we together now? So he poured his heart out here and he prayed. Now look uh look here uh verse 20. That was where we read from the last time. Verse 20, chapter 9. And while I was speaking and praying and confessing my sin and the sins of my people and the sins of my people Israel and presenting my supplication before the Lord my God for the holy mountains of my God. Yeah. While I was speaking in prayer, even the man Gabriel womb whom I have seen in the vision at the beginning being caused to fly sweetly. He touched me about the time of the evening oblation, the evening sacrifice, the evening service. Praise the Lord. Amen. I hope he will fly and touch you tonight. Amen. He flatly and touched me about the time of the evening oblation. And he informed me and talked with me and said, "Oh Daniel, I am now come forth to give thee skills and what? Understanding for you to understand what is going on and how to deal with it. I've come to give you skills and understanding because you can never uh know how to deal with a situation until you understand what it's all about. Praise the Lord. Until you understand what what it's all about, you you will never know how to deal with it. Brother Brandham says here uh uh uh Gabriel instruction. He says here he says and he informed me and talked with me and said oh Daniel I have not come come forth to give thee skills and understanding. What if we could have we could have been there? How did he find him in prayer? He says how where did Gabriel find Daniel? Not on YouTube. He found Daniel in prayer. Are we together? Amen. Because the situation he was dealing with was burdening his heart. It's concerning. Praise the Lord. Maybe uh uh maybe many of us might might think that we don't care. I don't I'm not doing stocks. You know, I'm not I'm not a meer. But I'm telling you, even if you have a dam, your dam is affected by what is happening. If you have a neo is affected by what is happening? Are we together? So it is not it's not a place for us to just be h careless in attitude. We need to have understanding and skills. We we need to have skills. How to budget ourself. How to budget ourself. What we do with our money. Praise the Lord. All right. You might say, "I don't have money." But have the skills. So if you have the money, you know what to do. Praise the Lord. Are we together? Amen. Now, so uh uh you know, he says, "I've come down all down here and and and you see it's it's it's it's in every time. It's in every time." Even when God came down and met Moses for the deliverance of the Egyptian, he came down to give him understanding and skills. What is in your hands? That's why he asked Moses, "What is in your hands? Throw it down." Giving him skills how he will go and deal with the Egyptians. We need skills. How to live like a son of God in this day. How to live like a daughter of God. How to live like a Christian. We need skills. We need understanding and skills. And we can only get it. Are we together? Amen. Praise the Lord. Are we together? He says, "I want you to notice how Daniel, an alien, yet an alien, yet uh actually from his people and from his church without one church service, without any church to go to, without any hymn to be sank, but what he sank himself in the midst of all of this still held on to what The prophet said, "Praise the Lord. At least we have church to come to." Amen. He never had church to go to because they were so afraid. They never wanted to get in trouble with the Babylonians. Praise the Lord. Amen. We have one to come to. Are we together? He says no church to go go to, nobody to fellowship with. Everybody went to the hidden temple because I mean they the they the they they want they want to they want to hook up with the people and get and get opportunity. They want business opportunity. So they got to go to the Babylonian temple. They want they want Babylonian jobs. So they got to they got to they got to rub shoulder with the Babylonians. But Daniel said he was not going to defile himself. He purposed in his heart. Praise the Lord. Believing that God can take care of him in difficult times. And I believe that God can take care of us in difficult times. Praise the Lord. Oh, when these things starts to tight, that's when you will know how much of God is in you. Amen. That's right. Are we together? No church to go to. No, nobody to fellowship with. Nobody h Everybody went to healing. Everybody worshiped their idols. No Christian sung. Nobody believed the same thing he did. And in 68 years from a young man of about 12 14 years old. Amen. From a young man of about 12 14 a teenager. Praise the Lord. If we not if we not start learning to read our Bibles as young people and really start studying our Bibles, have interest to get in touch with this Bible, you will just be coming to church going home. You are just following. Praise the Lord. Are we together? For 68 years from a teenager, he gave his heart to the word of God. He gave his heart to the things of God and said, "I will not defy myself." He could have he could have become like every other Babylonian. Pierce his ear, pierce his nose. Praise the Lord. just just follow the crowd. But there was something in the heart of that young man. And I hope that same thing is in the heart of our young people. And in 68 years from a young man of about 12 or 14 years old when he was taken down there, he heard truth to God and understood by Jeremiah prophets by by by by by Jeremiah's prophet that the days were almost Amen. Which mean he was reading the message of his day to understand the times that he's living in. Praise the Lord. Are we together? And and and and and we are blessed. I mean, we are blessed because we have the Bibles in every form. If you can't read, you can listen. You can play it on your phone. Are we together? He understood the times by reading the word. Praise the Lord. Not by his favorite uh uh news channel, whether he love Fox or he love CNN. Are we together? And in times like this, I mean that's where everybody that's where everybody mind is. We go to check it daily. What did they say? What is the news saying? Are we together? When we know that God word has spoken about this time that we are living in and to know that uh the the prince of the power of the air, the prince of loudish h the power of these praise is a is is is a threefold combin power. It's in the word. That's what the word tells us. We are under the writing of the pill house. That's I mean that's where we are. That's what is I mean uh pray praying life is so tough. Amen. Because that's what we are honored. That's our age. That's our time. And we will not understand these things because I mean a a prophet preached about it how many years ago? We will not understand it if we are not in the word. You can understand your situation by being in the word. The situation you're dealing with in your life is right in the word. The situation you're dealing with in your home is right in the word. Are we together? Oh God, if there's ever was a time that we ought to be setting ourself in order to pray is now. Praise the Lord. Amen. This was many years ago. He said that about you know 30 years ago or how many years ago he said that but we can feel it now. If you can't feel it, if you can feel it as an individual that I really need to boost my prayer life, something wrong with you. You are backsliding. You you you just have a form of godliness. Praise the Lord. Amen. I feel I feel it in me that I'm not to the place where I supposed to be in my prayer life. Are we together? If there's ever a time where we ought to to be setting ourself in order to pray is now. Amen. For we as his servants receive by the letters of the prophets by the warning of the Holy Spirit that we are in the last days. The Holy Spirit speak that in the last days men will be highminded uh h lovers of pleasure more than the lovers of God. Trust breakthrough false accusers. Amen. Despise users of the of of them that are good. We how how do we understand it? How how do we honest? Because the word said it. Are we together? Amen. It's because we see it in the word. And I understand that there will come scoffers in the last day. You know, I was looking at this last night as I was reading it and I paused for a while. you will realize that scoffers are not unbelievers. No, scoffers are not unbelievers. Go back and repeat it. The B when Peter talks about scoffers in the last days, he said there will be scoffers in the last days. And the scoffers will say we have heard about the coming of the Lord. They were believers. They heard it. But because they never took the word serious in their heart, they started to scuff the very thing that was preached to them, they started to scuff the very thing that they believe. When David said in Psalm 1 to sit in the seat of the scul, praise the Lord. Amen. You your guest coffers in church, they laugh at everything. Nothing is serious to them. Everything is just funny. They just laugh at it and and lost the importance. Are we together? So we understand by the word that there will be scoffers in the last day. There will be people that will believe this very message born in message churches. They will come back and scoff the very thing they believe make fun of it because they know they know other stories. Are we together? And I understand that there will be scuffers in the last days. I understand that there that there will be h nation against nation in the last days. I understand that there will be title waves. We we having it all over. Every word is flooding. Praise the Lord. Why it should surprise us? The word said it. The word said it. That's what we are dealing with. That angel flies sweetly into the presence of Daniel, giving comfort, a little touch on his shoulder, say, "I've come to give you understanding. I just don't want you to be a bench warmer. I want you to be in this thing that you are believing." Amen. I want you to understand the date and the time that you are living in because I'm telling you, you can never be serious until you know how dangerous the time that you are living in is because that that is the way fallen men behave. We need emergency. We need something bad to happen. We need a shock for us to wake up to the reality of what around us. Unless something happen. That's why brother Bram says emergency causes desperation. He said it's not supposed to be like that. He said but it always happen that way. There has to be some kind of an emergency before we get desperate. We got to get sick and it looks like we almost die before say oh God have mercy. Lord please help me. Before we really want to pray, man always look. They always look for disorder chaos, trouble. Praise the Lord. At a time where the the Lord is giving us grace and we have all of these things, we don't make use of the time that we have. We wait for things to start going bad before we we want to get desperate. Are we together? Daniel said, I understood that books. We have in a 66 book volume, brother Brandham said, before us. One chapter a day. He gave you some comfort. Praise the Lord. And when God see that you set your heart to understand what you are reading, the same thing he did to Daniel, he will do it to you. Amen. You might not see a visible angel coming down, but the Holy Ghost will be there and he will start peeling off. He will start peeling off and you will start seeing things in the word that will be speaking to your condition. Praise the Lord. I understand that there will be fearful sights like flying saucers in the heaven, mysterious sights and mankind will be failing for fear. There will be uh perplexity of time and and and distress among the people. I read that that they will all go into organization and denomination and have a a a confederation in the last day. I understand that women will bop their heads in the last day. I understand that they will wear uh uh short clothes and walk in in in high shoes tinkling as they go in the last days. I understand that morals will be so low and all of those things are is right in the word. is not brother Brandham making it up. It's right in the word. Praise the Lord. Are we to Are we together? We can understand that these three four powers. Brother Brandham says when he preached the message invasion of USA, he told us how is invading churches, is invading homes. Praise the Lord. Amen. It's a three-fold power. The Bible say it's called death. And what he want to bring is death. Praise the Lord. He want to bring death. He just warned you to be dragging your cuckas around. She that liveth in pleasure is dead while she liveth. He that liveth in pleasure, the church that live in pleasure is dead just to be dragging our dead cockas around. But we are dead. No life really in us. Are we together? You know what I'm trying to do tonight is for for you to be able to see your spiritual world. It was because Daniel wanted to understand these things. That's what demon powers was trying to stop him. Praise the Lord. Put him to sleep if he read to read. If you want to listen to tape, he falls to sleep so quick. Amen. He can be busy. He can be doing everything. Pick up the Bible to read. He fall asleep. Demon power, demon influence trying to stop him from understanding the times that he's living in. It's serious. It's not a joke. You have to recognize that. You have to stand up to it. Praise the Lord. Just like I said, appreciate a lot of lot of our, you know, uh uh uh saints some some work at night comes right into church Sunday morning, but you also have to realize you never came to sleep. Amen. No, you have to be conscious of that. And you know that when when your body falls in that place, you will fall asleep. You you got to stand up. I mean do something or else you will be robbing yourself of the blessing of the service. You just show up. But what did you got from the service? Are we together? because because of of of the of the things that uh you know were uh uh uh done. He wanted to understand his time and that's what his war was all about. That's what his war was all about. Ephesians chapter 3. Let's close somewhere here. I've said this to you before, but let me bring it since I'm talking about spiritual warfare. Ephesians chapter 3. Ephesians chapter 3. Read Ephesians chapter 3. Young people, find find time. I mean, find time. Find time. build build up your your your your time with God. Talking to the young woman and you know just just trying to encourage her a little bit. Just ask ask her you know for her prayer life. Yeah. I pray when I go into bed I pray in the morning when I wake up. I told her I said look you just giving thanks. Don't take that to be your prayer life. You just giving thanks. You appreciating God for waking you up. Praise the Lord. You are you thanking him for the entire day that he take you through. But you should have that time. Some some people actually have it, you know, in the morning is that when they can spend much time with the Lord. I'm not I'm not kind of for sweeping that away. If that is your time, you know your time. Amen. than just saying thank you Lord for waking me up this morning and thank you for this day. This is the day you have made. Let us rejoice and be glad in it. Amen. You just gave thanks. You are joining like David said, let everything that have birth praise the Lord. You are joining everything that have birth and I tell you the birds can do it better than you. Amen. The birds can do it better than you. The trees can do it better than you. Amen. You love the Lord. Let's Let's look at Ephesians chapter 3. Amen. Did I say chapter 3, chapter 1. Ephesians chapter 1. I' I've used this before. Ephesians chapter 1. Let's read verse three. Blessed be the God and father of our Lord Jesus Christ who have blessed us with all spiritual blessing in heavenly places in Christ. Amen. In heavenly places in Christ. So uh uh Paul is saying here he has given us the the believer's position like brother Brandon would call it. He have that's where our blessing is. Our blessing your blessing is in your position. Amen. Just like God could only bless Israel as long as they were in their position in the promised land. He can never bless them out of their position. So your blessing is in your position. Amen. It says he bless us with all spiritual blessing in heavenly places. Ephesians chapter 6. Find a place here and close for this Wednesday night. Praise the Lord. Amen. Spoke to brother Crosby today. He called me from the UK. He sent his greetings and uh uh he be traveling with his wife for that wedding over in Florida. Uh that's that's I think one of the either the sister or brother from his church. And uh so he sent his greetings. Paul says here in Ephesians chapter 6 verse 10. Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord and in the power of his might. Put on the whole armor of God that ye may be able to stand against the wise of the devil. For we rise not against flesh and blood, but against principalities. Yeah, these are the prince of Peshia, the prince of Greece, the prince of Laudacia, the prince of uh uh uh Brooklyn Center, the prince of uh uh whatever we are dealing with. Amen. Those are ranks of powers. Those are ranks of demons. For we rise not against flesh and blood, but against principality, against powers, against rulers of darkness of this word, against spiritual wickedness in high places. If you re if you look at that word high places is the same as heavenly places. So see what Paul is doing at the beginning of the book, he tells you of where your blessing is. At the end of the book, he says your battle is are the same. Amen. Praise the Lord. Where word where word where word where word where word where word where word where word where word where word where where the Lord will bless you, that's where the devil will fight you. Are we together? He gave us all spiritual blessing in heavenly places. That is the believer's position. And then when you come to take your position now as a son of God, then the battle starts because the devil knows how powerful you are when you are in your position. Praise the Lord. He just he want you to be running all over the place basic for every other thing but not your position. Amen. Talking everybody business and leave your own. Are we together? He knows that when he can when he can keep you distracted, he can keep you out of your your position. He knows that I mean uh uh uh uh uh you know you can you can you can be effective down there and and then yet you are I mean you are wounded, you are cried. You know that your position, I mean uh your place, your place of blessing, your home, your family, your health. You need good health to serve the Lord. Amen. You need good health to serve the Lord. We come here Wednesday night. The rest of the time we spend it at home with our family. So don't come and enjoy, you know, the blessings of the Lord here and then you can't enjoy at home. Are we together? So Paul is saying God has given you all spiritual blessing but he's also trying to tell you that uh there is spiritual wars in heavenly places. Amen. We wrestle not against flesh and blood. We know no man after the flesh. Praise the Lord. We know no man after the flesh. So I hope you grab where I was going to tonight. Daniel understood by books. His desire to understand the message of his hour started his battle. His desire to understand really what I believe and many many many of us many of us will testify. Just put aside and says I really want to read the book of Malachi. Start with chapter one. Chapter two. It does not have many chapter though. But you'll realize how the devil will fight you. Amen. I really want to pray. Start just start uh uh I mean uh uh uh start cleaning your lives. Sometimes that's when you have the most horrible dreams. When you are dedicating yourself, you are consecrating yourself because your battle is in your position. Praise the Lord. As long as uh you know the the Jebusites and the Amorites could keep Israel out of the promised land, you know uh they were slaves. They were slaves. And many of us are slaves to thoughts, slave to the media, slave to uh we are slave because we are out of our place of position. But they had to fight to get back there. Musicians, you can come for tonight. It's 9:00. Let's bow our bow our heads and and just speak to the Lord. [Music] Let's just play that little chorus. Come back here, Lord. Come back here. [Music] Come back here, my Lord. Come back here. Come back again. My Lord, come back again. Oh Lord, thank you Lord. Oh, come back here, my [Music] Lord. Come back here. Brother Dan, come and pray for us, please. Oh, come back here, my Lord. Oh, come back here. Oh, come back here, my Lord. Come back here. [Music] Our dear Lord and our Savior Jesus, we are so grateful once again, oh God, that you have guided us here tonight by your feet and have given us your word according to our need, Lord, because you have said in your holy word that your word would not go out and return to the void. You know our heart desires. You know where our struggles are. You know the storms the devil has unleashed against us in this life. You know what our problems are, our headaches and our heartaches. And your word has come to address whatever it is that we are going on. We are so grateful father that you have spoken. And we are so grateful, Father, oh God, that you have given us a listening ear to hear what the spirit has said tonight. Yes. And Father, we give you the glory tonight and we praise your holy name and we bless you, Father, oh God, that indeed we have found favor in your sight. Father, it doesn't matter what we go through. One thing is sure that we have found favor in the sight of the almighty God and that we are in your hands and that you are with us in the midst of the storms that we are not alone. Praise be to your holy name. You have given your holy angels charge over us. Father we are not alone. Those that are with us are more than those that those that are against us. And father, we know when the enemy shall rise against us like the waves of the sea is just going to crush at our feet because that is where he belongs. He belongs under our feet. We thank you for your word tonight. And father we pray that you give us the skills and the understanding we need to navigate father the problems and the storms we are going through in this present time. Father we pray for strength because you have said in your holy word that your strength is made perfect in our weakness. We pray father give us strength. Lord give us strength to brave the storms. Give us strength for we war not against flesh and blood but against principalities and spiritual weakness in high places. Father and we know that you have equipped us to deal with these forces and we are more than able father to meet them on their grounds and overcome them by grace. Thank you Jesus. Let your word take the center stage in our lives. Father give us more of you. Give us more of you. We need more of you in our lives. Let your word, Father, oh God, anchor in our souls that in the midst of the storms, Father, we shall not be dragged around. Let your word, Father, take the preeminence in our lives, Lord, Father, let your word, oh God, prosper in our souls. Bless your word, Father. You have given us your word. You didn't look at our shortcomings. You didn't look at our shortfalls. You didn't look at our mistakes. You have given us your word. Not the second person, not the third person. You gave us your word, your very own self. Father, we have the word of God in our hands. What do we do with it? What we do with it matters the most. Give us grace to live by the word that thou have given us, Lord. the word that has been anointed for us in our day and age. Praise be to your holy name tonight. You will not let us ever be forgetful where you took us from. And father, we prayed it tonight. Help us to be conscious of your Holy Spirit. Help us, Lord. Do not let us lose that godly consciousness. A lot of the times we go out of our way to do things because we think that we are just by ourselves. Lord, let us be conscious of your presence. So much so that we shall not do anything that is against your word. Thank you so much, Father. We are so grateful. Bless your servant, Father, that has labored to bring us your word tonight. And we pray that you'll replenish the energy that has gone out of him tonight. Thank you so much and we pray that as we depart your presence tonight, Father, you will go with every one of us to our various homes and give us grace to meditate upon these words of life that have come to us in the mighty name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Father, we pray with thanksgiving. [Music] Amen. Let's stand on our feet. And hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh yes. Oh to God unchanging [Music] hands. Oh to God unchanging hand. Let us build our hopes on facing and hold to God on changing. Let's sing that first verse now. Oh time is filled with sweet transition. of earth can [Music] [Applause] stand your hopes on faces tend and hold to God unchanging hand. Oh, let us hold on to gas on changing hand. Don't be discouraged. Oh, to God on changing hand. Just build your hope on [Applause] things. Oh yes. Oh to [Music] God the next verse that I'm going to trust him who will not leave me. So ever the year may [Laughter] break my friend forsake him I will say oh closely to he oh hallelujah to God unchanging hands [Music] I'm going to hold to God unchanging hand. And I will build my hope on these t. Oh yes. And hope to God on changing hand. help me lost and not worth [Music] chasing me. Oh, let me see to keep a heaven and treasure. I know it will never ever will pass [Music] away. Oh yes. Oh Lord to God unchanging hands. I will hold you God or change your hand and build your hope on things in. Oh yes Lord and I will hold to God on changing hand. And when this journey is [Music] completed to God, oh I said true. I know God and there's a home glory. There's a home for me. Oh, you're in rapture soul. Oh hallelujah to God on changing hands. [Music] Oh, you to change hands and build your hope and hold to God unchanging. Thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Blessed be your name. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. The Lord bless you. Let's go in the peace of the Lord. We will see you on Sunday. Oh yes. And hold to God. Unchanging hands. [Music]
