################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-12 - Jun 11, 2025 Wednesday Service: Bro Bloteh Won- Be Ye Therefore Perfect - Bloteh Won - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-12
Title:   Jun 11, 2025 Wednesday Service: Bro Bloteh Won- Be Ye Therefore Perfect
Speaker: Bloteh Won
Church:  Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wgUee9SvVrs
========================================

[Music] [Music] Feel [Music] my cup. I live in the Lord. Come and quench [Music] the thirsty of my soul. Bread of heaven, feed me. I want you feel my God. Feel the dark and make me. Shall we sing once again? Feel my cup, Lord. I lift it up. Come and cr you of my soul. Oh bread of heaven [Music] be my God and Take me home. [Music] Feel my cup. I live in a blow. Come and wait. This thirsty of my soul. Bread of heaven. Feed me around [Music] my cup. Fill it up and make me home. [Music] Wow. The friend we had Jesus all our sins and grief to bear. [Music] What a great to [Music] take it to the Lord we pray. [Music] Oh, what needless we [Music] all [Music] needless [Music] Because we do not care. [Music] It is to God in pray and death. [Music] is to travel anywhere. [Music] We should never be this. [Music] it to the world. We pray. Can we find we find a friend? before [Music] the sorrow. [Music] Oh Jesus. [Music] Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. [Music] Can we sing that verse once again? And we trials and Hallelujah. [Music] the truth [Music] never [Music] Take it to the Lord. We pray. Can we find a friend? Can we find a friend? So he's faithful this morning. He's died. [Music] Oh, we all our sorrows. Oh, Jesus knows our every weakness. Jesus our free [Music] take to the pray. Are we weak and emulated? Well, we we everything. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Oh great savior [Music] to the Lord we pray that friend despise fors me [Music] for [Music] you to pray. [Music] He will take your face [Music] and now you'll find [Music] The Lord bless you. Good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. We want to thank the Lord for giving us another time to come together. We just want to uh take some few prayer needs tonight. And u um before we go into the service and uh um um sister F to text u they are not in church with us tonight and ask that we remember brother Dan in service and I think he flies in uh uh today he sent his greetings uh just talk to him on my way to service. So uh uh we just uh want to remember there are few prayer needs here. Uh yeah we want to bring before the saints. Uh this is a prayer need from a brother brother uh uh doc. Good morning saints. Uh I have an unspoken request on my heart this morning. no other place to carry it but to the merciful and faithful Lord Jesus. And uh so we want to remember our brother that whatever uh is the the burden on his heart the Lord will be able to to deal with him. And u um let's take another prayer lead here for a sister Anita. She started having chest pain and went to the ER. They uh have now admitted her and are running test uh praying the Lord have mercy upon our sister and uh also we want to pray for uh brother brother David Gman Son is raging so he stay in the hospital tonight. Uh they did another uh Colin Scopy on him today and said that his calling uh is in flame and in bad shape right now. They're going to give him a month so with meds to let him heal up a little bit. Then uh they're going to go and remove a section of it. We uh stay praying and uh uh that the Lord will will just move the great physician will just move on behalf of our brother and uh spoke to brother Wesley and sister Karen u the other day and she's feeling much better in her knees but uh brother Wesley ask that we continue to remember her in prayer. Let's just bow our hearts together tonight as we just want to bring these knees and u u and other knees to the Lord. [Music] Yes, he walks with me. And he talks with me. And he tells me I am his hope. And the joy we share as we die rear none other has ever known. Let's sing that chorus once more. Oh yes, he walks with me and he talks with me and he tells me I am a soul. [Music] And the joy we share as sweet reward [Music] musicians play softly. Let's bring thanks to the Lord tonight. This evening, let's just lift our voices together. We just want to have a little time of prayer meeting and uh ask the Lord uh thank him for all his wonderful blessings and all that his grace has uh has put upon us in these last days. His word, his presence, the goodness of the Lord, his guard and protection. He's giving his angels charge over us. We just want to uh just bring thanksgiving to him tonight this evening with uplifted hands and our voices together we will just give thanks. Let's pray together as we bless the name of the Lord. Heavenly Father we just come in oh God we want to thank you precious Lord Father God for another evening sacrifice. to God we can come oh God precious oh lord and just bring oh father god our praise oh father lord and our prayers to you oh god we thank you oh father for your wonderful blessings oh god father thank you oh god lord for the opportunity oh father that we have oh god tonight to be able to come oh god and just bring our thanks and appreciation to you father lord god oh almighty god we just thank Thank you father Lord God for the bride of Jesus Christ oh God father Lord around the world we thank you father oh God for your faithful servants Lord and the five for ministry oh God lord you oh father ordained oh god precious lord to keep this bride in the word we thank you oh father for our local assembly oh god father god and oh lord Jesus the brothers in in the household of faith tonight oh god we yourself. Father God, thank you, oh Lord, for what you're doing in our midst. Oh God, Father, the moving of your spirit, oh Lord Jesus Christ, your grace, oh Father, Lord, that is, oh Father God, captivating your people, drawing us, oh Lord, Father God, to a closer walk, oh Father, you promise, oh God, to have a bride, to have a people, oh God, Father, where your word will have the preeminence, oh God, in our midst. We thank you oh Lord Jesus Christ Lord watching over our going out in our commun Lord. Father we come together tonight Lord just to give thanks Lord and to appreciate you oh father oh God blessed be your holy name Jesus Christ. Lord we pray for those on their way coming. Oh God and those oh father that would not be with us tonight. Oh Lord Jesus Christ our traveling ones. So Father God we we just want to thank you granny brother uh then Lord Jesus Christ and his wife Cisal is a safe travel father God. Lord we ask that Lord you be with brother Hillary and his wife too. Oh father God we commit them into your hands Lord Jesus. Keep them oh God. Father, we just love you, Father, tonight. Oh, precious Lord, what a wonderful Savior. What a wonderful Jesus you are, Father. You are the King of Kings. Oh Lord, and the Lord of glory. We pray, Father God, that Lord Jesus, oh Father, you will come and take the requests, Lord, that we will find a red tonight. Lord God, we pray that God you will dress. Oh father, bless our brother. Oh God, father, Lord Jesus. Oh father God, you are the great physician. Touch him. Oh father, Lord, whatever calling situation he's having. Oh God. Oh God. Father God, you can get right in there, Lord, and make the cells to live again. Oh father Lord, we know, oh father God, sickness cast, Lord, all come from dead cells. Oh, Father Lord. But God, you are the one Lord. Father, oh Father, we pray, oh God, for our sister, I need her, Lord, also your grace will be with her. And Father, we want to use this as a point of contact tonight for every unspoken prayer request, Lord Jesus, in our midst, Lord. Father God, oh Father, Lord, we lift it up to you, oh God, and every need among your people, oh Father, we pray that Lord God, you will minister to the same. Oh God, you will minister to the same. Oh father, Lord, we thank you. We thank you, oh God, for every family, Lord Jesus Christ. Even our young people, oh God, Father, Lord, even the little ones, oh God, precious Lord, we thank you, Almighty God, tonight in the name of the Lord Jesus, be with our sister, to God, father, as she recover, Lord God, bless the baby, to Lord Jesus, help sister Bridget also, Father God, oh precious Lord, we commit them all in your hands, oh God, Lord, almighty father, what a awesome God you are. What a wonderful savior you are tonight, Lord Jesus. Oh, Father, we thank you, Lord. We thank you, precious Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father, tonight. We just appreciate you tonight, oh God. Thank you, Lord Jesus. [Music] Thank you, Lord. Yes, Lord Jesus. [Music] on what others do [Music] or to wait in prayer for an answer from You all day that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall bound up with wings as an ego. Oh yes, they shall run and not be weary. Yes Lord, oh Lord God, thank you Lord. Please teach me all. Teach me all to win. Let's sing that one more time. Oh yes and thong renew [Music] the [Music] We [Music] as [Music] they shall fall in love. Oh, they shall teach me. Teach me Lord [Music] one more time. Oh yes upon the Lord [Music] Yes. [Music] Yes. [Music] Oh, wrong way. Oh, this is [Music] my [Music] teach. [Music] Now, you think about this before we pray. Think about this. I believe that uh the disciples one time after being around our Lord Jesus and seeing how he was dedicated to praying. I believe this too bad and and hear him speaking to the father, lifting up his his voice and thanking God. And he came and said, "Lord, teach us how to pray." And we know that in this in the hour in the time that we are living in, if there is if there is one thing across the board that the enemy get towards every one of us, it's our prayer time. We can never pray enough. We can never pray enough. It is not The amount of time [Music] just like brother Brandon said we read the other day, our intentions, our half a cry, how we pour ourself out in that moment that we stay before him. Since we have to realize that we have a we have an age and uh the lead is taken out of hell through the wave of the four dimension that we all are connected to one way or the other. We have to do everything on our phone. I mean the time we spend on our phone and the way we could be easily distracted, we want to make a call, you want to send a text and you have to check this and and check that and and and uh and and and just to see how and and and and for for many they they are just caught up in that place of the fourth dimension feeding on the things there and and and sometimes it it it take away our strength and sometimes Uh I mean we spend hours and hours in time there that uh uh for some they have to use it for work. For some uh uh I mean they they become creative and they send out things to edify others. But for for some and for most we just consume the news and consume and and all all the negative thing that is out there. And that's a real of the fourth dimension. That's a real but we know that we are called to a higher realm. We are called to heavenly places in Christ Jesus. So you think about it now. I believe there was something that the disciples saw. There was something that they felt. There was something that was different. They saw him entering in and they said, "Lord, teach us how to pray." Just like John taught his disciples. Heavenly Father, Almighty God, Lord Jesus, that is that is with every one of us, Lord. We we Lord God, we all father God need Lord a prayer life. The Apostle Paul encouraged us to pray in and out of season, Lord God. Oh, Father God, we I I just pray tonight, Lord God. Father that even Lord as we come oh God father Lord Jesus to the Wednesday service oh God and especially around this time oh father Lord we want to thank you Lord God for brother Lawrence and and just praying that God father you would you would bring our brother to full recovery to God he can be able to step back Lord Jesus and his office of son leading and uh uh ministration in praise father God but Lord and and uh uh we we still praise you this way. Lord God, we say thank you, Father God. And Lord God, as we take this time, Lord Father, to be able to pour our hearts before you, oh God, help us, Lord Jesus. Help us to be able to enter in. Oh God, Father, help us to be able to shut the word behind us, oh God. Oh precious Lord Jesus, help us, Lord, Father God. Oh Lord, just to be able, oh God, Father, to go beyond, Lord, all the things that could be lying in our memory, Lord, all the things, oh God, that could be lying in our imaginations, Lord, help us, oh Father, to rise above it, oh God. Lord Jesus, oh almighty God, Father, we just thank you, Lord God, we we praise you, Lord, we appreciate you, Father God. Lord Jesus Christ. Oh father, where we can be able to come together Lord God and unite our faith Lord Jesus and create an atmosphere Lord Father God. Oh precious Lord Jesus because we believe in your promised word. You said oh God father Lord you inhabit the praises of your people. You said Lord Jesus unto you the gathering of your people will be. You said father Lord wherever two or three are gather Lord God. And tonight we are more than that Lord Jesus. But Father God we pray Lord God beyond all of that Lord Jesus. We want to enter in with you oh God. We want to enter in with you Father. We want to be shouting with you Lord God. And let the word be shout out for the moment Lord. Oh God. Father. Lord Jesus. All the things we have to go we went through today work and everything. Lord God, we can just shout it out and just get in with you, precious Lord. Learn to appreciate you, Lord. Learn to say thank you, Jesus. Learn to say, "Blessed be your name, oh God." Say, "Sather, thank you, Lord God, for another opportunity to be in your presence tonight. We love you, God. Teach us how to pray, Lord. Teach us how to enter in, God. Father, not just Lord God to murmur words, but to enter in. Oh, Father God, to shouting with you, Father, we bless your name tonight. We praise you, Father God. We thank you, sweet Jesus, once again, Father, Lord, for our officers, Lord God, the musicians, the technicians. Father God, every family, Lord Jesus, we just commit, Lord, Father, this assembly in your hands. We want to place it once again, Lord, under the leadership of the Holy Spirit. Father God, blessed be your name tonight. In the name of the Lord Jesus, we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's let's sing that chorus into the chamber. Be sweet Holy Spirit. Let's just worship him a little bit before we change the order of the service tonight. Be free. Let's worship him now. Speak to me gently as I close the door. Heavenly Lover, let cover shall come. All heaven is all. Oh yes, we sing to the chamber. Holy Spirit, speak to me gently while I close the door. [Music] And all the lover, let our prayers cover shine that all can be all. Let's stand on our feet and lift our heads now into the chamber. Be sweet. Holy Spirit speak to me gently what I ghost [Music] heaven in love. Let thy breath sense cover shaka that all ending is all I long for. Sweep for my soul. Sweet people, oh my soul, sweet spirit, sweet all of my soul. Yes, my rest is complete. What I said at your feet, sweet spirit, sweep, oh man. Oh, let's sing it to him now, Lord. Sweep over my soul. Oh, sweet my soul. [Music] Sweet spirit, sweet home of my soul. Oh, and my rest is complete. Lord, what I say at your feet, sweet spirit, sweep over my soul, my rest is complete. Oh yes, my rest is complete. What I say at your feet, sweet spirit, sweep over my soul. Praise the Lord. Amen. Ah, good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. The name of the Lord. Let's sing that song. The name of the Lord. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. On my way to service tonight, I spoke with brother Delhi. He got in the country the few uh days ago and he sent his greetings. Looking forward to be with us at the end of this month. So uh uh and then brother Dan also sent his greetings. So let's sing that. The name of the Lord is [Music] yes. The name of the Lord is strong power. Oh, the righteous run into. Yeah, I see. For the name of the Lord is has strong power and the righteous run in. Oh, and I see. Oh yes. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord, the most high. [Music] Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. The Lord most high. Yeah. The name of the Lord is has strong power. The righteous wrongly to. And here I say, oh the name of the Lord is strong power. The righteous rolling too. And they are sing Jesus is his name. Oh Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord. The Lord most high. [Music] Oh Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord. The Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Oh yeah. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord. The Lord goes high. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Let's just praise him now. Let's clap our hands. [Music] One more time now. The name of the Lord. Believe the Lord is has strong power and the righteous one too. And they I say the name of the Lord is has strong power and the righteous running too. I sing. We sing. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. The Lord most high. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. And blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, let's give the Lord a hand of praise. He's worth it to be praised. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you musicians. That will be it for singing tonight. We will just uh take a little portion of the word here. Praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Actually, I was looking in uh um Jesus prayer in uh Matthew uh m uh St. John chapter 17. That's not what I was what I want to go into tonight. But as we were singing the song, blessed be the name of the Lord, I was just thinking about that. You know, Jesus said, I I've manifest thy name unto the man which thou have given me out of the word. Thine they were, and thou gave them me, and they have kept thy word. And you see over and over in St. John chapter 19, he associate the name of the Lord with the word of God. Amen. Amen. That's what I was thinking about while we were singing that song. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. The name of the Lord is a strong tower is when we run to the promised word. Amen. Amen. So that's what I was thinking about. That's why you saw me flipping because uh I was I was it was on my mind and I was trying to look for the verse there. Uh we stay in St. John Matthew chapter 5. But before we read Matthew chapter 5, uh let's go to Romans chapter 10. We will open with Romans chapter 10 tonight and and then we go back to Matthew chapter 5 and and be able to close that chapter tonight. Praise the Lord. We've been speaking on the lawgiver and uh Romans chapter 10. You want to read Romans chapter 10. Praise the Lord. I hope uh it's been a blessing to you talking about the the Lord gave her and uh that we can be able to see clearly the very one that gave the Lord over to Moses. He's the same one that came right down here. uh uh and then uh there man Mount Olive with were the disciples and then he's he's breaking the law. He's manifesting the law. Now Romans chapter 10, let's read from verse 4. Romans chapter 10, we will read from verse four and I want us to just to just uh uh just read it uh uh together and uh uh oh just like we normally do. Uh let me read verse four and then you read verse five and we will read the last verse together. For Christ is the end of the Lord for righteousness to everyone that believeth. But the righteousness which is of faith speaketh on this wise, say not in the heart, who shall ascend into heaven? That is to bring Christ down from above. That is to bring Christ from the dead. But what sareth it? The word is nigh thee, even in thy mouth, and in thy heart. That is the word of faith which we preach. And let's read verse. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's read verse nine together. Thou shall confess with her mouth the Lord Jesus and shall believe in thy heart that God has raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness, and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. Let's pray. Father, we just love you tonight, Lord. And uh we we don't want to be estranged to your word. We want to enjoy your word. We want to fellowship around your word, Lord. And oh God, we just uh want to thank you that Father, you have allow us to be a partaker of the open book. We want to thank you father that Lord God you ordained us to be in this generation in this time Lord Father God when u the seals were open the mysteries that were hid from the foundations of the word and oh God this uh book has become a new book why because you have stepped out of the pages to make yourself known to your children. Father, we love you. We appreciate you. We ask, oh God, your special blessing tonight that you would just bless us in your presence now. And those that are following the service online, we ask that you bless them too. What a wonderful Jesus you are. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. The Lord bless you. You may have your seat. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. You love the Lord tonight. Amen. Amen. What a wonderful Jesus we serve. Like I said, I hope that uh speaking on the Lord gave uh has been a blessing to you. If not this time, uh if you are uh might be a blessing to you another time. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. I was looking at some few things today and uh I want to get back to uh Matthew chapter 5 like I said and uh and and uh just try to finish the chapter. We we've been dragging on it uh for a while, but uh I want to get there in and uh let's see if we can finish the chapter tonight. Praise the Lord. But before we do that, I want to read Hebrew chapter 10 verse one. We will get to Matthew, but let's read Hebrew Hebrew chapter 10 verse one. For the Lord having a shadow of good things to come, and not the very image of the things, the Lord having a shadow of good things to come, but not the very image of the things can never with those sacrifices which they offer year by year continuously. Make the cumber there onto perfect. The Lord only had a shadow and the shadow is a reflection of an object or a being. Praise the Lord. So the Lord had a shadow of good things to come, not the very image. So you see that's the reason why when we when we when we approach God in the legalistic sense you are just grabbing the wind because you can't catch a shadow. You are just grabbing the wind or you just beating against the wind and pretty soon you'll get tired. you are just working yourself up and pretty soon you will get tired because the shadow is not the real image is not the real object. So the Lord was just a shadow and that's what Paul's saying here and that's the reason why uh the worshippers the comer year after year they could never be perfect. They could never be perfect. They could never rise above their uh their uh their sin or their whatever they were doing. And uh uh they went with the guilt uh believing that you know they brought the right sacrifice and uh you know and and animal was killed but they just could not rise above that. They go back with the same vestation, you know. Uh uh so I read that again. The Lord for the Lord having a shadow of good things to come and not the very image of the things can never with those sacrifices which they offer year by year continuously make the comer there onto Pet. For then who they not have ceased to be offered because the worshipper once porch should have no more conscious of sin. Now I I I was I was meditating on this verse the whole day and where my mind was is that when when do the worshipper wants porch? When when in his journey do he wants porch? Praise the Lord. Amen. When in the worshipper journey do he once p when do he gets to that place where he he push out all his desire? You know like like uh uh uh the apostle said he had no more conscious of sin, no more desire. When do that happen in our walk? Praise the Lord. I pray that the Lord will will u he will he will help us. Amen. Let's go to Matthew chapter 5. I'm praying that uh uh we will be able to to get back to that. Uh Matthew chapter 5 and uh let's read from verse 43. Matthew chapter 5. Praise the Lord. Matthew chapter 5. I'm uh Matthew chapter 5. Let's read from verse 43. Uh just finding a place to kind of a close out of the the the chapter here. Ye have heard that it have been said, thou shalt love thy neighbor and hate thine enemy. But I say unto you, love your enemy, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despully use you and persecute you, that ye may be the children of your father, which is in heaven. Now, uh uh follow this. Now follow this because this could also sound like a commandment. It could also sound like a requirement. Love your enemy. Bless them that curse you. Do good to them that hate you. Pray for them that despisefully use you and persecute you that ye may be. So does that means that if you do that then you become are we together now? So just follow that keep that in the back part of your mind because that's not what he's saying that yeah may be the children of your father which is in heaven. For he maketh the son to rise on the evil and on the good and send it rain on the just and the unjust. For if ye love them, we shall love you, what reward have ye? Do not the publicans the same? And if ye salute your brethrens only, what do ye more than the others? Do not even the publican soul. Be ye therefore perfect. Praise the Lord. Does that sounds like a requirement? You see, does that sounds like a commandment? Does that sound like uh ex Exodus chapter 20? Be ye perfect even as your father which is in heaven is perfect. Now think about it this way. Why if it was written, "Ye be perfect." Well, it also sounds like a like a requirement. It sounds more like he's telling you what he want you to be. Are we together? Amen. Now, be ye therefore perfect, even as your father which is in heaven is perfect. That's what we want to talk on tonight. Be ye therefore perfect. Praise the Lord. Amen. That's what we want to speak about tonight. Be ye therefore perfect. Hallelujah. So we want to uh We want to start uh by taking this tonight and and uh uh do a little bit of a review here. And I uh I was just trying to look at something here. Praise the Lord. Okay. I want to read something to you that's uh that's that's what I'm I kind of looking into. Um Okay. What a wonderful Jesus we serve. Well, I think there's uh Okay, that's not in my notes. So, let me read this to you. Uh I think uh it's not it's not in my notes back there. So, I don't know why I didn't put it there, but that's what I was looking for. Now, now uh listen to this as we start up here. Uh this is from uh a question and answer on Lord having the shadow. Now the Lord having the shadow of good things to come can never make the come of perfect. Now the Bible says then if that if the Lord could if the Lord could not make perfect then the Bible speaks that there There can be a perfection. Do you believe there is a perfection? Now he says, "Turn to Matthew chapter 5 and uh verse 48 that we just read. Be ye therefore perfect even as your father which is in heaven is perfect." How you going to do that? How are we going to do that? Praise the Lord. Be ye perfect as your father. And those sacrifices under the Lord could not make the comer perfect. Why? Watch a little while. For then who not they they have not ceased. And if they made the comer perfect, then they will they would not have ceased. They will have kept the Lord. Because the worshipper, he goes back to what we read because the worshipper wants parch and have no conscious. What's happening to you out there then now? So, uh uh okay, I wanted to start with this as as as we look into this tonight. Be perfect as a heavenly father in heaven is perfect. But think about it like I said, why if the the translator will have written it as be perfect or ye be perfect, yay, be therefore perfect as your father in heaven is perfect. Praise the Lord. Now, when you look over in the in the in the Old Testament, let's uh uh go in the old Old Testament a little bit. You will see there uh even as uh we read in Exodus chapter 19 where God told the children of Israel, "And ye shall be unto me uh a kingdom of priests, a holy nation." And uh uh and and and over and over he says this to the people. He tells them when we look over in uh in Deuteronomy. Trying to get settled in my thoughts here. If you look at Deuteronomy chapter 26 verse 19, Moses telling the children of Israel Let's read from verse 16. This day the Lord thy God has commanded thee to do these statutes in judgment. Thou shalt therefore keep and do them with all thine heart and all and with all thy soul. Thou has uh advised the Lord this day to be thy God and to walk in his ways and to keep his statute, his commandment, his judgment, and to yaking unto his voice. And the Lord have uh avoided thee this day to be a peculiar people, as he have promised thee, and and and that thou should keep all his commandments, and to make thee hide above all nation, which he hath made, in praise, in name, in honor, and that thou may be an holy people unto the Lord thy God as he have spoken, not as what you have been doing, but because he said it. Are we together? Amen. Now, so the picture I'm trying to bring to us tonight is that the even from the Old Testament, we realize that God gave the people the commandments when they said all that the Lord said we would do and uh and and and and they have never been able to keep the commandment. They rebelled against Moses. They rebelled against God. And and we know through their joining and all the things that was happening, all the abominations that were happening in their camp. But yet yet the prophet Moses after traveling with the people, are we together? After traveling with the people, now he's coming getting closer to the end of his journey. He has he has in in in traveling with the people and seeing how God has been dealing with him and God has been dealing with the people. He has now understood that uh well we never grabbed this thing from the beginning. From the beginning we taught that it was a commandment but now I'm realizing here that uh this is God's thought concerning us. This is his thought. This is the his desire. Praise the Lord. Amen. He has loved us with an everlasting love. Praise the Lord. Amen. He has draw us to himself. He came down and met me in a burning bush at the backside of the desert with with no effort of mind. He gave me two supernatural sign to go right back to the same Egypt where I ran away from. Praise the Lord. Are we together? Now, because Moses himself had to grow in this understanding. Are we together? Amen. As the Lord is dealing with him, as he's dealing with the people, he's also growing in understanding. That God saying, "You will be a peculiar people unto me. It was not from your works. It was because he said it. And the God that said it is able to bring it to pass. When God says you will be a holy nation, he was not looking at you to manufacture holiness. Amen. Praise the Lord. He was going to make sure that what he said, I want you to be a peculiar people unto me. Amen. I want you to be a holy nation unto me. That very God that is that said that he's more than able to bring it to pass. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. So if he says that uh uh uh uh repent and be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus, you shall receive the Holy Ghost, he's not looking at your your works. He's looking at his promise because he said it. He's able to bring it to pass. If he says you will be adopted, he's able to bring it to pass. If he says we will be raptured, he's able to bring it to pass. Amen. Are we together? Let's look at something in that light a little bit. Okay. I was struggling here a little bit, but I think I've I've got my balance now. The Lord. Amen. Look at this uh from the message perfection. I have that one there. So uh they can share it with us. He says uh you see God's sovereignty. Oh, I hope they soak well down way down deep. Now look, God knows he has sheep in the word. He knows he was going to have people to be safe. Are we together? Amen. Amen. And he and and and uh his love looked down and seen those who will be saved. Therefore, by full knowledge, he predestinated a church to meet him yonder. So he predestinated a church that would meet him. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Glory. Amen. He predestinated a church that will meet him. Amen. Are we together? Let's let's follow this a little bit now. That would meet him without spot or wrinkle. And if God require a church without spot or wrinkle, he had to have something to make it that way. Amen. Amen. Amen. He said he will present himself. Praise the Lord. Amen. He said he will present himself a bride, a church without spot or wrinkle. So if he said that, he has everything it takes. Amen. To bring us to that place. Amen. So if he says be ye perfect as your heavenly father in heaven, he's not telling you that you know be walking and counting your steps. No. What he want you to do is to appreciate. Amen. Is to appreciate. Fall in love that if he said it, he's more than able to keep it. Are we together? Amen. Oh, I love that tonight. Amen. If God required a church without spot to wrinkle, he had to have something to make it that to make that way. He could not require it. His justice, his judgment could not let him ask such a thing if there wasn't a way to make it. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. He will not ask for what he can get. Amen. Just like in the beginning when he said let there be light. He was not thinking whether it whether the light will be or not. He knew it will be. Praise the Lord. Amen. The word was spoken and he knew that it is going to be just like he said it. A man cannot do it in himself. He's a total failure. God let him see through the law. Do you see the picture? All that the Lord said we would do. Okay. God allowed them to see through the law that they are a failure. I'm not I'm not asking you. I'm telling you I raised you up for this purpose. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. I'm telling you that I have raised you up to be a people in this generation. Let the generation go crazy. Let the generation go filthy. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let the generation I mean uh h let the internet step up against amen. Amen. Amen. A prophet told us the lead is taken out of hell and demon spirits are streaming into the earth. But yet God has a people. Because God said he will have a people. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Amen. We can we can rest in his word. What a mighty God we serve. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. We might look around us and it looks like oh everything is getting bad and everything is getting dark and everything but look at the promise. Hallelujah. You see that's the reason why Joshua and Caleb they were not looking for giants because giants were not in the promise. They were looking for a land that was flowing with milk and honey. They knew giants were there, but giants was not in the promise. God never recorded giants to them. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. God is never without a witness. He always have a people. Yes. Praise the Lord. Amen. He always have a people. Amen. Are we together? Amen. When all when all the the the the sons of Saul will be killed and all all the children uh you know everybody running and there there was uh mef. Yeah. His nurse was trying to run with him also. He fell down, broke his legs, oh my. When David came to the throne, and he wanted to remember his friendship with Jonathan, he started looking around. Is there any song of Saul? Glory. Someone said there was one. Yeah. Amen. Praise the Lord. He's lame, but he's a son of salt. Are we together? Oh, glory. Amen. Amen. You know what I'm saying this uh uh people is because if we don't trust this word, you will fail and fail and fail. Yes. And yet you will not fail. Amen. Amen. You will fail. You will fail. You will fail. And yet you will not fail. Because at the end of the day, the world will pick you up. [Applause] You will fail in yourself. You will fail in your effort. And God will bring you around the block. No matter how many times he ought to bring you around the block. Amen. Amen. Amen. You love the Lord tonight. Let's go to Hebrew chapter 6. Hebrew chapter 6. It's just a prayer meeting tonight. And uh we just want to encourage you. Glory be to God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Now you have you have to you have to remember this. Now Paul, he grew up studying the Torah, studying the Lord. And when God met him on the road of Damascus and God started to deal with him, when he got back there at the uh uh the desert of Arabia and and and God started to open the word to him, he started to see Jesus in everything in everything in the Old Testament. He started to see how everything represent God. There there's something I I'd like to share to share with you on Sunday. Uh it was it was very beautiful. Praise the Lord. Amen. You see and and that is the reason why I believe that uh when when when when the when the message when the when the message of the owl is opening unto you, it gave you a you you become a great lover of the word. Yeah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Because it did it for Paul, it would do it for you. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. You fall in love with the word. I mean, you're not just memorizing and and and taking what the prophecy as a command is as if to say you don't do it. I mean, fire is going to fall from heaven and consume you. But you are taking that word and is revealing Christ to you. Amen. Are we together? You're not just only hearing the word or loving the word just for a mental conception, but it's dropping down in your heart. Amen. And you falling in love with Jesus. See what the what uh uh the apostle said here. He says verse uh 1 chapter 6, therefore leaving the principle of the doctrine of Christ. Yeah. Let us go unto perfection. Amen. We can understand the godhead. We can understand uh uh the place of the woman, you know. Uh h and and I mean we can understand, you know, the the the serpent seed. We can understand the the church order. I mean, and we can get all of these things right. The the manifestation of gifts in the church. Uh uh uh uh we we can understand all of that. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. And you see that is the first thing. Take take for the example here when uh when la eer went and got Rebecca. Rebecca wanted to know about Isaac. She wanted to know his height. Whether she's marrying a man that she started. Do you know his weight? I mean you you I mean you you you said you were in the house when he was born. You know his favorite diet and she she was she was knowing all of these things about Isaac. But when the cherub came up the hill right amen. And she saw Isaac in the field. Amen. She left all of those thing behind. Ah leaving behind the doctrine. Amen. The principle. Amen. Hallelujah. Are we together? Amen. She have heard all of these things and in her mind. Okay. He says temporary diet, you know. But when she sees him, hallelujah, she step out of there. Yes. Amen. [Music] She got more interested in the pressing of Isaac than everything she had heard about him. Are we together? Amen. Amen. Amen. Now, so uh uh uh uh Paul says here now therefore because you have to look back in in chapter 5, he's talking about the priesthood. He's talking about uh uh you know the the uh uh uh the high priest, the the mechetic order and all of that. He's talking about I don't want to go into that. Let's stay here before I lose my my trench. He says uh therefore living the principle of the doctrine of Christ let's go unto perfection. Amen. Amen. Let's go to the perfect one. You see when we when when we when we when we think about it this way, we must think about the one the person. Let's go on to perfection is not let practice to be perfect. Let try to be perfect. Let's stop all of this argument. Let's let's live the word. Are we together? Amen. Are you seeing the picture? Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's go on to perfection. Not laying again the foundation of repentance from dead works. And then he goes on and on and on. So you see the thing that is that Jesus came stepping out here and he started telling these people uh uh uh uh blessed is the poor in spirit. Blessed is the meek. Blessed is the peacemaker. And he blessed are those that hunger and test for righteousness. He's saying all of this all of these things to them. And then he goes back again and take the Lord. Ye have heard that it was said an eye for an eye, you know, a tooth for the tooth. But I said unto you, he that hit his brother. Now he he was trying. This is where he was bringing them. He was bringing them to this statement of be perfect. And he was telling them how we going to get there. Amen. Amen. I've not come to destroy the law, but I've come to fulfill it. And the purpose of the Lord was to reveal our sinful nature. And that is the reason why he started talking about poor in spirit is a sense of the spirit. He started dealing with things inside because we are born in sin, shamelessly in iniquity. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. As much as we as as as much as we love our little ones that that that that comes to the earth like an angel, they are innocent. But right in that body, there are James that have come down for generation. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Amen. So you see that's that's what Jesus that's where he was bringing him. He was trying. You have heard. But this I say to you that the purpose of the Lord was to reveal our sinful nature to give us a desire. Amen. Amen. To want to be changed. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Yeah, the purpose of the Lord was to reveal our sinfulness. So he started goring. He is writt adultery. But how do this happen? He say it started from lust. It's something in you. Something inside that stirred up that. So he's taking us all the way back to the beginning. Amen. Amen. that right in uh uh uh uh uh Genesis chapter 3 when he stopped to listen to the serpent, he break through her spirit in her sense of reasoning. There's a seed that was sown that corrupt the human spirit. Amen. That's what he that's where he's bringing us to. He's trying to tell us why why we why we keep struggling. There's a desire in us to do good. Amen. But our our body keep reversing to do evil. We go on we go on seven day fasting and and and I mean we we fast and pray. We try to shake our head and we don't want to eat any any evil thing and then one week it looks like we are on the mountain. Praise the Lord. Lord Jesus, you are good to me or you are on fire for God. And before you realize down in the valley, you down in the valley again. Lord, what wrong with me? What wrong with me? Oh my god, what wrong with me? All Jesus will report the very same apostle one that tried to do good evil. That's what he said. Yes sir. He recognized that. Yes. So the purpose of the Lord was to expose the inner man. Amen. Amen. Amen. To tell us that we we need help. Praise the Lord. Amen. To tell us that we need help. Yeah, I think I told you told you this story before and uh uh about uh uh one young lady that come to church here once once in a while. I saw her in services on Sunday and uh uh uh she she lived somewhere there in in in the Freley area. I think it's is maybe about 15 20 minutes away from here where she lived. And she came one Sunday to service and she wanted to see me. And I I'm I'm telling you this it brought me to a very truth experience. And after the service, I went I went in the office. I still remember Pastor Martins from Nigeria preached for us that Sunday. And then I went in the office to talk to her and I was supposed to baptize someone. I can't remember who was there. And uh and then we started talking. But this this young lady, I mean, she was just crying. She was just balling. She was crying. I couldn't get a word out of her. So I brought the tissue, set it right there. I told her, "Take your time. You just take your time." And when she want to say something, she just she just crying, you know. She just crying when, you know, when uh when she finally got to the place where she could speak to me and then she she tell she told me that uh I mean uh you know the the Lord just been dealing with her. She need to make her life right. She need to get to church and and some different things that she told me. And uh uh and then after we talked a little bit, I asked her where she live. I I thought she live around here. She said, "No, I live in I live in the Freley area." I said, "Oh, wow." I said, "Who gave you our our address?" She said, "When I woke up this morning, I felt like I needed to be in church. When I took my phone, your church was the first address that came up. Praise God. Praise the Lord. And she said she drove right here. She came right into service and uh you know and and she she she enjoyed the worship. She enjoyed the word and she just felt like she needed to talk to me. Now she's talking to me, telling me about her condition, and she's needing the Lord. And as she's talking to me, I'm coming under conviction because I did not invite her. I didn't send her a text. I never sent her an address. And and and I'm I'm coming on a conviction to see that God will never become real to you until you desire. Amen. You will play church. You will come to church, go through the door, come out until you desire, until that thing become real, until you need him. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. I remember the man, Brother Bam, talking about that everybody been trying to get him to church. you he never want to go to church until one day the the pastor called him up for him for them to go in fishing and they went to fishing and this guy was not much of a fisherman but that day he got a good catch and as they were walking back home he told the the he told the pastor and says I'll be in church on Sunday the pastor was shocked and wanting to know what did I What did I say? Sometimes sometimes you think it's the preacher. No. The word. It is the word. Hebrews 4:12. The word is sharper than any two-edged sword. Amen. Amen. The person of the word, he just need to step out of the Bible. Amen. Walk down the aisle. He knows what you're thinking. He knows what you need. He knows what your struggle is. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Then he asked the man and uh I mean uh uh is it because I was talking about baptism? Man said no. And the man told him he says he says the good Lord might have been looking down on me today. He feared the love of God by the grace of catching fish when he was not a good fisherman. He fear that God if if God will pay attention to him. Amen. Give him patience to sit down there and give him fish to catch. Hallelujah. Then he realized, Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Be ye perfect. Be ye therefore perfect. It's not a commandment. It's not a commandment. He's telling you what his thoughts concerning you is. Amen. Amen. Amen. Be ye holy as God is holy. How can we be? It's not a competition. We're not running race with him. It's just a sense of uh he's trying to get our attention. Trying to get our attention to realize that our father is a holy God. Amen. The one from whom we come from is a holy God. He's not a God that condemn in sin. He's not a God that love unrighteousness. That's where you came from. It's it's it's just like a man sitting down and setting the ball down and trying to tell him, "Look, I know your dad. I know the family you are coming from. They are people of reputation. Your father and myself went to school. We grew up together. That man suffer said you are misrepresenting him. That's what the Lord was bringing to us. You are coming from the fountain of love. You are coming from a pure fountain. Amen. Amen. Sin has make us to miss our way. It has robbed us of our identity. Yes. Oh yes. And then God comes back and says, "I want you to be a holy nation. I want you to be a peculiar people to me." Amen. Because the people were abused with slavery. It's the same way we are born in the in in in sin slavery. We had lived in it. We lie, we cheat, we do all of this. So because of that we we we we are haunted in our mind we are in that mindset that every time we hear the word of God we think that God is requiring no he's just coming to remind us like that mama eagle flying and and she's crying and she's crying. Amen. Amen. And when the the the the little eaglet Yeah. The mama cry. She looks up. She look in the in the in the chicken pan. And then she looks up. She look in the chicken pan. Pretty soon she start connecting. There is something different here. I'm connected to that voice. But this is my family. No way. Oh, I see what I'm strange. I'm connected to that voice. Amen. Thank you, Lord. The more she keep hearing mama eagle crying. Thank you, Lord. The more she having more desire to fly because she don't even know how to stretch. Well, the more she keep hearing mama eagle flying, the desire continue to create and build in her to get away from here. My sheep hear my voice. And we are watched by the watching of the word. The more you hear the word, the more it gives you desire to get out of wrong, to get out of sin, to confess your thought, to become better. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Paul says Christ is the end of the Lord. Amen. Amen. He says it's the end of the Lord. He abolished the Lord. The abolishing of the law is not to says the law, we don't believe in the law, the ten commandment does not exist. No, the abolishing of the law happy in a believer. Amen. He don't abolish the law to say the law of Moses get rid of the law of Moses. No, no, no, no. He abolished the law in their believer. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Good. How does he abolish the Lord? By the new birth. The love of God. Now you are falling in love with God. You are not serving God for for reward. Amen. You are loving him. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Oh my God. Amen. So the Lord is abolish in you. Amen. You see that's the reason why we can still preach from Exod. We can say preach from Leviticus. We can say preach from numbers because he say I never came to to uh uh uh get rid of the Lord. I came to fulfill it. Amen. But yet Paul says he is the end of the Lord in the believer. Why? Because when the revelation when the righteousness of God is revealed to you and you know that it is not your own righteousness, I need to trust him. I need to believe him. I need to love him. Then you know what he says? What is that righteousness? It's even in your mouth. Say what the word says. If the word says I'm free, say I'm free. If the word says I'm healed, say I'm healed. Amen. Amen. He says that's the righteousness that the law supposed to produce. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. That was what the law was supposed to do. It expose our wrong but yet it teach us what we what we actually was. Amen. It gives you the language of the father. Yes sir. So instead of speaking the earthly language and the e thing now starts to say what the father says. Say what you are learning from the word. That's the righteousness of the word. Amen. Amen. Amen. The word is even ny in your mouth. He says it's in your mouth. Amen. Don't make it up. Just say what he says. Praise the Lord. Don't make it up. Just say what he says. Amen. This is heavenly darling. [Music] Thank you, Lord. Praise the Lord. So I say to you tonight, be ye perfect. Amen. Yes. Amen. Being perfect as your father in heaven is perfect. Be perfect. Amen. Do with it whatever you want to. [Music] Oh, glory. Thank you, Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. What a wonderful Jesus we serve. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. I'm going to share something with you, but I will find time and and talk about it another time. You know, I was talking last week on the on the how powerful our spirit is. We are more spirit being than flesh. We are put in this flesh to discover who you are. Who really you are is in you. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Who you are is in you. You are put in this flesh to be able to discover. and how we discover who we are. Now look at Exodus chapter 3. I'll close right here. when when when when God came down in a burning bush, uh Moses Moses asked the Lord Moses asked the Lord and said, "When I go into Egypt and the people ask me, who should I say send What should I tell them? If you read closely, God did not answer his question. Praise the Lord. We have a Bible before us. We must not make up the story. I know time is not it's not on our side but uh praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Now, if you if you uh when the Lord saw that he turned, that's that's over in verse four. Verse six, moreover, he said, I am the God of your father and the God of Abraham, um the God of Isaac, the God of Jacob. Moses hid his face because his mother had told him all those things for he was afraid to look upon God. He says, "I'm come down. I'm calm down." Okay, I got I got the picture a little bit I got my my picture a little bit out of place. Let me readress it here. This is what I wanted to bring out. Verse 11. Verse 11, God is telling Moses, "Therefore, I've come down. I've heard a cry." Verse 9, "Of the children of Israel, I've come." Verse 10, "Come now, therefore, I will send you." Verse 11, "And Moses said unto God, who am I?" Okay. Trying to look for his identity. That's that's what I wanted to say. got it wrong. But if you realize God did not ask him. God God didn't answer him. God never told him you are the son of Amra. No, God never told him dead. That's that's what I want to bring out. It was good that I turned to the Bible or got my my story, my picture out of place. Who am I that I should go onto Pharaoh and I should bring for the children of Israel? Now, what was haunting him? Why he asked that question? It was his failure, right? Because he knew he had failed. Because he knew he had just ran away. If God would have said to him, "Go to Kaa." He would have prefer going to Kaa because nobody know him to Canaan. He have gone to Kaa like a hero. But God is telling him, "Go and face your failure. Go and face your failure. Are we together? Sometimes is the things that we are afraid of. To face our fear. Yeah. But then you realize actually there is really nothing in there because you already knows about that thing. You already been there and there is nothing there to be afraid of. It's just a scarecrow. So God did not answer him when he says who am I and then God comes down and he says certainly I will be with thee. God just answer him, I will be with thee and this is a token that you will know. And then when you go on verse 13, and Moses said unto God, behold, I come unto the children if I come to the children of Israel. And then I asked him, the God of your father have sent me. And he said unto me, what is his name? Praise the Lord. It says, what is his name? Yeah. Let's let's play on words a little bit here. Moses says, "Who I am?" Amen. Who am I? God says, "I am." That I am. And pretty soon he will find his identity in the I am. Are we together? Are you Are you seeing the picture? Mhm. He says, "Who am I?" God did not answer him. He just says, "Go. I will be with you. Certainly, I will be with you. I will never leave you. I will never forsake you. Just just walk with me a little bit." As you get to honesty, you begin to see yourself. Yeah. You begin to see really who you are. Amen. Amen. You begin to realize that you are not the son of Charles and Ellen. No, no, no. Like brother Bannon was saying, yes, you begin now to see that you are part of the I am that I am. Amen. Amen. When the bride know who she is, the rapture we go. If there is one thing we need to be working on is who really you are. Amen. It's really who you are. Amen. Let's let's let's uh let's work on our identity. Yes. Amen. Our age has break on with ancestor tree and he can trace it there. Your name was written in the book of life from the foundation of the word. You can be able to trace it. Amen. You read from Genesis to Revelation, you can trace it. God, you love the Lord tonight. Musicians, you can come. I just think you ask me why I'm happy and I will just tell you why. Amen. I will tell you why. Because my sins are gone. Amen. You love the Lord tonight. Amen. Praise the Lord. Sunday is Father Day. We want to we want to work on something to bring for for the church and for the fathers. I hope that uh uh the Lord will be able to to help us on that. And uh uh let's stand on our feet. Let's stand on our feet. Let's let's just rejoice in the word. Let wait. And uh uh [Music] is that what we should sing? Is the song that we should sing? Oh, we should sing uh uh who who I am, Lord. Okay. Okay. You ask me what I'm happy. Okay. Let's let's sing there tonight. Let's sing there tonight. [Music] Oh, you you ask me what I found. Oh, I just tell you why. Because my sins are gone. Oh. And when I need God's comfort, who asks me where they are, I say my sins I go. Tell me where I been. They are underneath the law of the cross of Calvary and I remove my darkness from them. In the seat of God forgetfulness, good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Let's sing that one more time. You ask me what I have been. So I'll just tell you what he comes. My sins are gone. And when I discover who asks me where they are, I say my saints are gone. Oh, they are on the feet of blood on the cross of Calvary as power removed darkness is from them in the seat of God. Forgetfulness good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. the next verse. Now it was at the old time alter where God gave me my heart and now my sins are gone. Oh Lord [Music] possession that devil has departed. I'm glad my saints are gone. They are on beneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. Oh, I remove darknesses from down in the seat of God forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My s Oh, let's just praise the Lord now. Let's worship him. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] When Satan comes to temp me, he tried to make me down. I said my sins are gone. Devil, you got me into trouble. But Jesus brought me out. I'm so glad my sary remove in the seat of God. Forgetfulness good enough for me. Praise God. My sins I go. Oh, praise God. My sins are gone. One more time. I thank you, Lord. My sins are gone. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. What a wonderful presence in here tonight. Amen. Hallelujah. If we were not conscious of the time, we can just go on and go on and go on. Amen. You see, when we when we get into the word and and you are worshiping the word, his present break upon us. Amen. And and and that is the thing as a church that we want to invest in atmosphere. Amen. You have to realize it's the atmosphere that brings the result. He inhabit in the praises of his people. When we are rejoicing in the word, we are rejoicing in his promises. It create an atmosphere. He feel welcome to come in our midst. Praise the Lord. Christ is the end of the Lord. That's the reason why Paul says there is no condemnation. The word do not condemn you. Amen. Why? Because Christ has ended the Lord in you. Amen. The word don't condemn you. The word edify you. The word instruct you. Amen. Amen. It directs you. It encourage you. Amen. Amen. Even if it call out your name, it call your address. Amen. Amen. You got to get it in the back part of your mind that it's for my good. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. The Lord has ended in you no condemnation. That is the end of the law. Why? Because the Lord brought condemnation. If there is no condemnation to them that are in Christ, then the Lord has ended in you. Amen. Can you sit down? Let me continue to preach. Yes. feel like preaching tonight. Good atmosphere. We thank the Lord. Let's pray together. Dear father, we just want to be grateful with our hands up, Lord God. And thank you for the sacrifice of your children after work and and uh and your busy day. Lord God, you pull us into your presence. And Father, that's the reason why we have no regret. Amen. We have no regret, Lord. Because we know that God, we will meet you here. We know that we will meet you every time we come together. We know that we will meet you. Thank you, Father, for speaking to us in a way that our soul could understand tonight. Thank you, Lord, Father God, for bringing your word to us, Lord. that when we hear be holy as your father in heaven is holy. We not we are not fighting with condemnation in our mind. We're not going through the roster of our sin. We know that God you are calling holiness out of our life and all we have to say be it unto me according to your word. When you say be you perfect. Amen. You are our perfection. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Father, we love you tonight. Thank you, Father. We are so grateful. Yes, Lord. We are so grateful, Father. We are so grateful, Lord. Thank you for your wonderful presence tonight. Thank you, Lord. Thank you for the promise of the Holy Ghost. [Music] Thank you, sweet Jesus. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Bless your children at home, those that streaming into the service. Father, until we meet here on Sunday morning, may you keep us while we are away from one another. Rebuke the enemy from the dwelling of your children. Oh God, Father, remind us, Lord. Remind us that the word is in our mouth and you want us to say those things that you have said. We must not be speaking the devil's language. When we are speaking fear and speaking negativity is the devil's language. Bless us now in Jesus name. Yes sir. I wish you all can walk on a pure heart [Music] to heaven the king. Let's sing that one more time. Oh yes [Music] to heaven. Don't walk again. [Music] Oh, it's a highway. It's a highway. It's a high up to heaven. Walking on the king side. If you are not walking, if you are not walking, stand what I'm talking walking up against my way. Yes. Joy knowing with him I am going. I'm walking up the kings high. Oh my way up to heaven. Don't can walk up again. It's a highway. It's a highway. up to heaven. Yes. Walking of dark. Let's do the next verse now. Oh, my way gets brighter. My Lord gets lighter when I'm walking up against high. gave you big confessing. Yeah, it's a blessing of the king. Oh, hallelujah. Yes. Together heaven. Oh yes. Can walk up again. [Music] Highway up to heaven for king of the kings. I [Music] the atmosphere is getting milky. Let's go in the peace of the Lord because there there is so much power in here to keep us right here till the whole night. But let's go in the peace of the Lord. Amen. God bless you. I see you on Sunday. We walking up that king's highway. Oh, there a high way up to heaven. [Music]
