################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2017-01-15 - 2017-0115 Sunday 6PM Service - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2017-01-15
Title:    2017-0115 Sunday 6PM Service
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   Phoenix Tabernacle Inc.
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 38m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUBVM7vm1uo
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] God bless you. Let us open up uh the service for prayer. Let us bow our heads, our heavenly father. We're so grateful this evening, Lord. first of all for the life you've given us Lord for the strength Lord for your love and mercy Lord and most of all for your word Lord at this time Lord we just surrender the service into your hands we invite your Holy Spirit to come minister to us Lord and may we accept it like a child Lord and put it into action Lord we surrender every everybody involved in service this this evening the minister, Lord. We use him to speak to us, Father. We thank you all things for all things, Lord. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. We thank you. Amen. Amen. God bless you once again. Amen. Oh sh [Music] [Music] [Applause] somebody [Music] know how I No. No. [Music] Oh my I my [Music] [Music] Amen. Amen. [Music] [Applause] [Music] There's a country far beyond the starry sky. There's a city where the neighbor comes unful. Oh, it's the city where the lamb is alive. Oh, in that city where the lamb is alive. Oh, in that city where there comes midnight. I have a mansion over there and we're free from here. I am going where the land is alive. Here we are. Days of sunshine. But we know that the sun which shines upon us now so bright will be changed to clouds of rain until we go. Oh to the sea where the lamb is alive. Oh in that sea where the lamb is alive. Oh, in that sea where there comes midnight. Oh, I will man over there. Let it free from toilet. Oh, I am going where the lamb is alive. We're going to sing the same song once again, but in the meanwhile, we want the Sunday school group to come up. The I believe it's the age of 8year-olds and up. Those who are going to sing a special please come up. Amen. In that city where the lamb is alive. Amen. Oh, in that city where the lamb is the light. Oh, in that city where there's no night. Oh, I have a mansion over there and we're free from toilet here. For I am going where the lamb is the light. [Music] Amen. [Music] Oh. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Hold to God's unching hand. [Music] Build your hopes on things eternal. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Time is filled with mid transition. God of earth, the moon can dance. Build your hopes on things easier eternal. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Build your hopes on things eternal. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Trust in him who will not leave you. Whatsoever years may be if my earthly friends forsake still more closely him clean. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Build your hopes on things eternal. Oh to God's unchanging hands cup this world's pain reaches that so rapidly decay. seek to gain God's heavenly treasure. They will never pass away. [Music] Hold to God's unchanging hand. close to God's unchanging hand. Build your hopes on things eternal. Hope to God's unchanging hand. When your journey is completed, it's to God you have been to fair and bright. my home in glory. You're in rapur. So will be. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh to God's unchanging hands. Build your hopes on things eternal. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Amen. God bless each and every one of you. Uh wasn't that beautiful? Well, tonight we continue in our series of excerpts from the series of books entitled Supernatural: The Life of William Brham. Um, we're in book two, which is entitled The Young Man in His Desperation, 1933 to 1946. Uh, this is our first installment in the new year 2017. Brother Owen Jurgensson pinned this work. It was a mighty work that he did, chronicling all of the sermons of brother Brandham that he listened to multiple times and interviewing many people and reading a lot of what had been written about brother Brandham to compile this series. It took him quite a few years to compile this series of books. The first book was extremely difficult for him as he nearly went bankrupt trying to make it happen. And then when it seemed like it would not happen before the first book was published, he had given up all hope, him and his wife are sitting at a dining room table one morning and his wife confessed to him that she had had a dream that someone would call. Sure enough, within a short period of time, he received that call from none other than our precious brother Perry Green, saying that he had nothing to worry about that this would get published. So, as we begin tonight in this chapter 26, we're in the second half of the chapter Lost on Hurricane Mountain. And before we get started to kind of bring you up to date here, one one comment I would make before we start this second half of this chapter. As as we all know, the Lord tests us many ways. He tests our faith, how devout we are, how much we really love him. And through all the trials he gives us, there is always something beautiful that comes out of that. He makes us stronger Christians. And so, I can honestly say that in the second half of this chapter, we learn and see that yes, we go through trials every day, but so did our prophet. and so did his newly formed family with sister Ma as well as as little Billy Paul. And so we pick up the story whereby they had uh taking a a family trip. Uh brother Billy uh Brandham had a a job to do and it happened to be on Hurricane Mountain. So they left early to embark on a hunting trip and he had had a conversation with Sister Ma knowing it was going to be pretty cold and the place that they wanted to stay at was closed. So they had to make do and they uh Brother Brandham used all all the wits that the Lord gave him to survive those first few nights. And then he one afternoon said to Sister Ma he needed to go out and and find some food for him. And so he had mentioned to her that that he knew his way quite well around Hurricane Mountain and that he felt like he would be okay, but Sister Mater gave him that I'm not sure sure glance. So we're at that moment and we pick up the story as Brother Brandham said he would be back by 2:00. He promised Sister Mum shoulder shouldering his rifle, he hiked back down the road until he came to a place that had been logged off years ago. Among the stumps and piles of leftover branches, new timber had since grown 15 feet high. This looked like the ideal habitat for deer. Plenty of food and lots of cover. Bill left the road and headed off through the forest. During the next hour, he saw lots of deer tracks, but they were all sharp towed, meaning they were doze. He needed a bug. As he crossed over a ridge and down into the next canyon, Bill heard something moving in the bushes. He stopped as still as a tree stump, listening. He distinctly heard feet crunching dry pine needles, not hooves. These were padded feet. Just then, the creature bolted. Bill glimpsed at a huge mountain lion darting into the thickets. He shouldered his rifle to aim, but the giant cat ran too quickly. Bill didn't have time to shoot before it was gone. Bill chased that mountain line for a mile down the canyon. But for a while he could hear it crashing through the thick underbrush, but soon the cat got too far ahead and Bill had to resort to his tracking skills, watching for footprints and bent twigs. Eventually the lion moved into the giant timber where it craftly took to running through the treetops. Bill lost the trail and gave up. He walked back up the canyon, but stopped when he sniffed the telltale odor of a male bear. Excitingly, he climbed the steep canyon wall into the wind, crossing over the ridge and down the other side. Several times he lost his scent, but he picked it up again. The ground flattened out. Bill kept walking, studying the terrain for clues such as an demolished antill or claw marks on a tree. He topped a ridge and moved down a shallow ravine. When he got to the bottom, the smell told him his quarry was near. Bill searched among the rocks and crevices until he found the bear's cave. There could be no mistaking it. The stench made his eyes water. Cautiously, he approached the dark opening, his rifle cocked and ready. The shallow cave was empty. Bill looked at his watch. The hands pushed 12:30. He would have to start back soon if he meant to kept it keep his promise to Ma. He didn't mind breaking off the hunt. Now that he knew the bear's haunts, he could come back as soon as he and Mr. Denton finished dismantling the telephone line up Hurricane Mountain. Starting up the ravine, he had gone just a little way when he saw a bush move across the canyon. There he is, Bill thought. He threw a shell up in the chamber and stood still. Instead of a bear, a majestic buck deer stepped into sight. Bill leveled his rifle and squeezed the trigger. The buck dropped where it stood. By the time Bill finished bleeding and gutting his kill, it was past 1:00. He strung the buck up by its hind legs to a tree limb, then hiked up the cannon as fast as the underbrush would let him walk. He noticed a cloud cover dropping. Hurricane Mountain was already veiled. He thought, "I'm going to have to hurry. That storm is getting close." He knew that if it turned foggy, he wouldn't be able to spot his landmarks. For 30 minutes, he loped along, constantly looking for the spot where he had entered this particular canyon. Stopping to rest, he pulled his handkerchief from his pocket and wiped the perspiration from his face. That was a long way, he thought. I didn't think I came that far. Once more, he started jogging. In a few minutes, he stopped in complete surprise. There hung his deer. Well, what did I do? He muttered. Somewhere I missed my turn off, but how did I get turned around and back here? He started off again, thinking, "I'll get it right this time. I just wasn't paying enough attention." Walking briskly, he carefully searched for the spot where he had come down the steep slope. The clouds were just above the trees now. It was getting harder to recognize anything. After 40 minutes, he came across a place that looked familiar. In another minute, he knew why. There hung his deer in that tree. As Bill started out for a third time, he thought, "I can't make the same mistake three times in a row. But an hour later, he found himself back at his deer again." Tired and rattled, he sat down to rest and collect himself. He knew what was happening. The Indians called it the death walk. A man gets lost in the woods and wanders in circles until exhausted, he dies of exposure. If Bill had been in the mountains by himself, he would not have been worried. He would have simply gone back to that bear cave and hibernated until the storm blew itself out and the clouds lifted. Once his landmarks were in view, it would be a simple matter to make his way back to the cabin. But under the present circumstances, that plan was unthinkable. Ma had never been in the woods before in her life. She wouldn't know how to make a fire. If Bill didn't get back to camp, she and Billy Paul could easily freeze to death during the night. Moreover, she would be terrified of the dark. What if she heard an animal scream? She might think it was him and head out looking for him and get lost herself. Then Bill thought about that mountain lion stalking the woods near the lean tube. Franic with worry, Bill jumped up and tore through the thickets. Before long, he stopped himself, thinking, "Wait a minute, William Brandom. What's the matter with you? Have you gone crazy?" He had been a woodsman all his life. He knew what the biggest danger was in a situation like this. A man gets excited and charges recklessly through the forest. Then in the spring, someone finds his bones at the bottom of a cliff. He took a deep breath to calm his shaky nerves. "I've got to get a hold of myself," he thought. "I'm not really lost. I'm just a little disoriented. All I have to do is get my bearings." The fog had settled completely now, and everything looked unfamiliar. To make matters more difficult, it had started to snow. Worst of all, the sun was going down, and darkness was coming on fast. If he didn't find his way out soon, he wouldn't find his way out at all. Then all three of them would perish in the night. Struggling to stay calm, Bill thought. I can't be lost. I'm too good a woodsman to be lost. Think a minute. When I came in here, the wind was in my face. That's it. All I've got to do is keep the wind at my back and I can get out. He headed in the opposite direction of the wind. All he could see around him were the shadowy shapes of nearby trees and bushes swirling in the fog and snow. Every so often the fickle wind would shift directions. Soon it became obvious that the wind curling as it did around the mountain peaks would not do for a compass. To bolster his courage and keep himself calm, Bill said out loud, "You're not lost. You know where you're at." But his conscience caught his bluff. Billy, you know you've lost. He answered himself, "Me? Not me. I can't get lost." Then he came across a giant stump that he knew he had never passed before. He started shaking. Perspiration ran down his face. "There's no need of fooling yourself any longer," he thought. "You're lost," admitted. It was not the blow to his pride that hurt. It was the terror he felt for his wife and son. "I'm really lost," he said to himself. I don't know east from west. I've got to choose a direction and walk it straight because as it is, I'm walking in a circle. So, I'm going to walk this way. Picking a direction at random, he started walking, paying close attention to the few trees that he could see, trying to walk in a straight line from tree to tree. As he walked, he seemed to hear a voice whisper, "The Lord is our refuge and strength, a very present help in time of trouble. Bill thought, "Now I'm getting crazy. I'm hearing things." He kept walking, concentrating as hard as he could on his mission. Soon he heard it again, a little louder than before. "The Lord is our refuge and strength, a very present help in time of trouble." Bill kept walking, dragging his gun along. He felt so tired. The persistent voice got louder. "The Lord is our refuge and strength." Bill stopped and said out loud, "Lord Jesus, I'm lost. I've got no compass or landmarks, but I've still got you, Lord, I'm not worthy to live, but please don't let my wife and son die." Then he heard that voice again. It was not his imagination. He heard it clearly with his ears. "The Lord is our refuge and strength, a very present help in time of trouble." Leading his rifle against the tree, Bill pulled off his hat, dropped it on the snow, and knelt on top of it. Looking up, he prayed. Heavenly Father, I thought I knew all about the woods, but I was mistaken. I know I'm going wrong, but I don't know which way to turn. I've been such a braggard. I deserve to be lost. I deserve to stay out here for days and have to eat porcupines to survive. But Lord, my poor wife is innocent. She and my son will die tonight if I don't get out of here. Father, it's almost dark and I'm lost. Totally lost. Please help me. Be my compass and my guide. Getting back up, he shook the snow from his cap and then said, "Lord, I believe that voice that whispered to me was your voice. I believe there is an angel of God somewhere following me through this forest. Lord, I've asked you for guidance. That's all I can do. Now, I'm starting this way. He started walking in the same direction he had been going before. Suddenly, he felt a hand on his shoulder pulling him back as if to stop him. Frightened, Bill twisted his head to see who it was. No one was there, but even as he looked, the fall cleared for a moment, and he glimpsed Hurricane Mountain behind him. That was the way to safety. He had been heading dead away from it. He had just enough time to swing around and line himself up with the mountain before the fog filled in again. Raising his hand, Bill cried out, "Oh, great Jehovah God, you're so close to me that you laid your hand on my shoulder. You truly are my help in time of trouble." Bill climbed through the foggy twilight just as straight as he could in the direction of Hurricane Mountain, watching every second lest he veer off course. The forest dim tonight. Bill walked with one arm always up in the air, searching just above his head for that telephone line, which ran from tree to tree for 5 miles up the side of the mountain. If he could just get his hand on one of these two wires, he could follow it down the mountain side right to the cabin. If he missed those wires, he, his wife, and his son would perish. For the next 3 hours, he kept his course, sometimes having to pick his way straight up rocky bluffs. The snow flurries had become a blizzard. The wind howled, tearing off tree limbs. Bill carried his rifle in one hand and held the other above his head until his arm felt as heavy as a shotgun barrel. Then he would trade hands, always being careful to step back a few paces, just before continuing to be certain that he hadn't missed that telephone line during the switch. Sometimes his hand would brush up against an object and he would shout, "I've got it." But he had only grabbed a tree limb, his fingers numbed in his gloves. Eventually, he got so he could barely hold up either arm. Yet he had to keep an arm up. Three lives depended on it. By now, the night was so black he could barely see the snow swirling in front of his face. He grew faint-hearted. What if he had gone through a low place where the wires stretched from tree to tree across a dip, making them higher than his upstretched arm could touch? If that happened, then they were all doomed. His arm bumped something springy. He pulled down his hand until his fingers curled around a thin wire. He had found it. He was saved. They were all three saved. Bill dropped his rifle, snatched off his hat, and gave thanks. Oh, God, what a feeling it is to be found when you're lost. How can I ever thank you enough? Right down at the end of this wire sends everything in this life that I hold dear, my wife and my son. This telephone line will be my guide off the mountain. I won't let go of this wire for nothing in the world. But really, Lord Jesus, you're my guide, and I intend to hold on to you for the rest of my life because I know at the end is warmth and safety and rest. God bless you. Amen. [Applause] God bless you. Uh that's one of my favorite chapters in the whole books. I feel I I get excited every time I hear it to see how when you humble yourself, God answers. Amen. Welcome to Children's Church. To all the children and the children at heart, welcome to your service. Uh we are here to pray for the petitions, the thanksgivings, but we don't have any written down. But I know that all of us are thankful for something, right? I know I'm thankful because I'm here. I'm still alive. I'm healthy. I have my two legs, my two feet. I can walk and when so many people can't. I have food on my table. I have my parents. I still have my grandparents, uncles, friends, amigos. So, it's little things that we should be grateful for and all of those are blessings. So, I know that if you think hard You might find something to be grateful for. I'm uh a little surprised to see a little people here. But as I was thinking about this back there, I was thinking about the story story of Gideon, how you know with his small band of men, he was able to secure a great blessing. So that teaches me that God doesn't deal in numbers. Even though there's a few of us here, there's a purpose for that. There's a blessing for that. So let's just open our hearts and let's just expect to see what God has for us. We can please uh before I pray, I would like uh once again uh to greet our pastor, brother Bernie, Sister Lily, Lily, the watching us and I'm grateful for that because they're still with us. So we'll be praying for the petitions. If you can please stand to your feet. If you have a thanksgiving, a petition in your heart and would like to show it by your lips and your hand. And if you can close your eyes, concentrate on him and pray with me. Let my words be your words. Let us be in one accord. And let us get the Holy Spirit down here. Our heavenly father, thank you so much Lord for your kindness, for your mercy that we still have. We can't we take it for granted sometimes Lord. But thank you for your mercy, Lord. We have your people here. They have lifted your hands. They have a thanksgiving. They may have a petition. Only you know that Lord. So we ask Lord that as the allseeing God, may you grant their petition. May you give him the faith to accept it and to believe it, Lord. May you accept their thanksgiving. And may you continue to bless them, Lord. so they can testify of your goodness, of your power, of your mercy. Lord, at this moment we would like to pray also for the offering. May you bless it and multiply it, Father. And may you bless a cheerful giver, in the precious name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray to you at this moment. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you once again. He abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides. Amen. [Music] And I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the hand of God in all my life I see. And the reason of my bliss. Yes. The secret of all of this that the comforter abides with me. Oh, he abides. Oh, he abides. Oh, hallelujah. He abides with me. And I rejoicing that in day as I walk the narrow way for the comforter abides with me. Once my heart was full of sin. Once I had no peace within. Till I heard how Jesus died upon the tree. Then I fell down at his feet. Then there came a peace so sweet. Now the comforter abides with me. He abides. Oh, he abides. He abides. Oh hallelujah. me about with me and I rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way for the comforter abides with me. He is with me everywhere and he knows my everywhere. I'm a happy as a and just as free. Amen. Oh, for the spirit has control. Jesus satisfies my soul since the comforter abides with me with all your heart. Oh, he abides. Oh man. Oh, he abides. Oh, hallelujah. abides with me. Oh, I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. Oh, for the comforter abides with he abides once again. Oh, he abides and he abides. Oh, hallelujah. above with me. Oh, I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. Amen. Do you believe that this evening? He he abides in us. Amen. How many are ready for this portion of the service? to receive of the word of God. We had a beautiful morning service, but why not receive a double portion this evening? Let's open up our hearts. Let's receive what we came looking for because we came here for a reason. We didn't come here to play church. We came We came here to get closer to God. and to take hold of what is ours. Let's pray for the minister, our brother Bernie the third. Let's pray for him. Amen. Are you ready to receive this evening? Amen. We're going to sing the spirit song and we're going to be letting our brother Bernie take this place. Amen. [Music] Oh, let the son of God unfold you with his spirit and his love. Let him fill your heart and satisfy your soul. [Music] Oh, let him have the things that hold you. And his spirit like a dove will descend upon your life and make you whole. Jesus. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. Oh come and feel your Oh Jesus. [Music] Oh Jesus. [Music] and fill your land. Oh, come and sing this song with gladness. Oh, come and sing this song with gladness as your hearts are filled with joy. Lift your hands. Oh, lift your hands and sweet surrender to his name. Oh, give him all your tears and sadness. Oh, give him all your years of pain and your to life in Jesus name. Cry out to him this evening, Jesus. Oh Jesus. Oh, and Jesus. Oh, Jesus. Oh, come and your [Applause] Oh, and Jesus. [Music] Can you sing that one more time? Jesus. [Music] Oh, [Music] heat, heat. [Music] Amen. God is good and all the time God is good. Can we give the Lord a hand of praise? Alison. Amen. Amen. He's worthy. He's wonderful. You turn to someone, say, "God is wonderful." Say, "God bless you." Look to someone, say, "Thank you for coming to Children's." Amen. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. How many love the Lord? Praise God. I like to hear that. How many love the Lord? If you love the Lord, raise your hand. If you love the Lord, raise your other hand. Now, say hallelujah. Hallelujah. Say, "Thank you, Lord. I love you, Lord. Praise God. It's a blessing to see you. I hope it's a blessing to see me. Every day is a blessing. His mercies are new every morning. What does that mean? There's mercy for you every day. It's brand new. It's like in the rapper and no one's ever touched it before especially for you. Would you would you like to eat a a hamburger? Would you buy it from the store if the wrapper was open? Raw hamburger patty. The plastic bag is open. See like a half kukaracha leg piece of hair on it. You guys would you guys want to make a hamburger with that patty? It's been open. God's mercies are brand new every morning. Special order for you. Specially ordered for you. Specially ordered for me. God knows exactly what you need right now. He knows everything your family needs. And Tary, God knows exactly what you need today. Mercies are new for us everyone say God's love and mercy is for me and it's new every morning look at someone say every morning praise God I'm going to go ahead and just get started I have a little slideshow. So the title of the message today is using our words for God. All you kids, how many want to use your words for God? We want to use our words for God. We don't have a lot of things that we have control of. But we can control what we say. We can't control what people tell us. Sometimes we can't control what we hear, but we can control what comes out of our mouth if we try. What' you say? Well, he made me say it. Really? He He might have hurt you. He might have bothered you, but he didn't make you say anything, right? Next slide. So what we want to do today, we could move to the next slide, please, is what we're going to do is we're going to read our scriptures. Cuz children, if you learn anything, in church, we have to read our scriptures. for it to be church, for it to be a service. We want to know what God says. Amen. Amen. And the only way we can know what God says is to go to his word. So, we're going to be reading James 3:10, and then we're going to be having a short little story for my wife Lizzie about how she used her words in one time when she was a little kid. And then we want to talk about how can we do this? How can we use our words for God? And then we're gonna have another scripture that'll give us an example. So, we can go um to the next slide, please. And while we read this scripture, I'm going to ask the love of my life, Lizzie, to come up. The love of my life, Lizzy. Thank you. Gracias. James Santiago, can somebody read this for me? Can I get a brave uh volunteer to read this scripture for me? Probably a beautiful one. There she is. A beautiful. A beautiful volunteer. Can you give her a round of applause, please? Thank you. Out of the same mouth prophecies brought blessings and cursing. My brethren, these things ought not so be. And I'm going to ask you what you think that means. From the same mouth comes blessings and cursing. My brothers, this should not be. So what does that mean? Out of the same mouth and cursings. You got an answer. So it means like when you say something, it can be something good or something bad. Oh, good girl. So out of this mouth will out of this mouth. Out of your mouth, out of their mouths, out of all of our mouths, we say good things and bad things, blessings and cursing. Then he says, "My brothers, this should not be." Can you give her a round of applause? Thank you, Miha. So, come over here, my love. you can go ahead and grab a a microphone. My beautiful wife Lizzie when she was a when she was a little girl, she was feisty and she has a nice little story of how she used her words in a bad way and how it made her feel and the consequences. So, when I was um a little kid, one day I got a few rolls of toilet paper um of toilet paper and when nobody was there, I went and I pushed them all down the toilet. And what happened was it clogged the toilet. So that the water was coming up. So my dad found out and he started asking who did this. Now I have one sister and two brothers and I didn't want to say it was me. So he asked everybody and everybody said they didn't do it. And he lined us up the bathroom next to the toilet and said, "I want you to tell me the truth before God who did it." I said, "No, Daddy, do it." So he changed his tactic and he said, "Okay, you're not going to get in trouble. Whoever did it, if you tell me the truth, I'm going to give you candy so you can tell the truth. So all of a sudden I got very happy cuz I knew I did it. But then my brothers and sisters started saying that they did it too. So my dad had to take us into the room one at a time and we had to tell him the story of how he did it. And when it came my turn to tell the truth, I told him and he didn't believe me. And it ended up that they believed my brother's story more than me. And I was so upset because if id known that my words would have lost me the candy if I'd lied the first time, then I wouldn't have lied. But then I lost candy. My word wasn't believable anymore. So when I when I asked her, "So what what lesson did you learn, babe? She said that my brother was a better liar than me. But the the moral of the story that I wanted to get at [Music] as kids, brother Brandham says we're born liars. The word says we come into this world speaking lies, but it's always better just to tell the truth. How many want to speak the truth? Amen. I love all these little kids raising their hands. But sometimes it's not always just what you say. Sometimes it's what you don't. And I was looking around And I saw this beautiful big. It looked like a bad guy. I don't like the way that looked at me. [Music] I cut off his arm. That wasn't good enough. No, no, no, no. He was asking for trouble. I cut off his other arm. I said, "Are you still looking at me? I hit him in the head. Poked it in the eye. I tore off his legs. I was the coolest ninja ever. That poor little was beat up to shreds. I was walking around all cool. I thought I was awesome. Then I walked into grandma's house. Me and my brother Johnny were standing there. I had done it by myself. Johnny wasn't even there. I don't even think he knows what is. one of you destroyed my I didn't say nothing right before I opened my mouth to confess because her Castillo eyes were tearing me up. I was right about to open my mouth and she looked at Johnny and she said, "Did you do it, Johnny?" He goes, "Yay! And I thought, I'm off the hook. I know he didn't do it. He probably didn't even know what she was talking about, but he was so used to doing it. He was so used to getting in trouble anyway. I let him take one for the team. And to this day, grandma, if you're watching, knows me. I'm sorry. I love you. Well, my brother Johnny got in trouble. Now, somebody might say, "You didn't lie. Your brother messed up for snitching on himself. Withholding information isn't the same as lying." [Music] What do you guys think? No, don't say anything. Just think about it. Did I lie? And even if you don't think I lie, did I do something wrong? Did I do something right? Is there a gray area? What would God wanted me to do? Tell the truth. Thank you. Exactly. Amen. I should have told the truth. Well, years later, I felt really bad for it. So, whenever somebody says, "Oh, if you get away with it, it's okay." When you're older, it'll tear you up. So, let's just tell the truth. Amen. Let's use our words for God. Let's go to the next slide, please. So, I have a question for you. How can we use our words for God? You got an answer? Come on up. If you think you have an answer, raise your hand and I'll request. How can we use our words for God? Come on. Can we give these little boys a round of applause there? Praise. Somebody else. How can we use our words for God? Come on. Come on. Okay. Can you stand up here, handsome, and tell everybody your name? This is Corey. This is Corey. How can we use our words for God, buddy? We could pray. Can you give him a round of applause? We can pray. Go ahead. Stand right over there. Can you tell everybody your name, buddy? Adam. Adam. How can we use our words for God? We could we could um use our words good so we can't so so so we can't get in trouble. Wow. Say good things. Use our words. [Applause] too. My name is Christian. Christian, let's turn around this way so everybody can see you. How can we use our words for God? We could use our words for God for blessing his holy name. Wow. By blessing his holy name. Can you give him a round of applause? So, we can pray. We can say good things. We can bless his holy name. I love those answers. Your voice may have a seat. Give them one more round of applause. Awesome. Yeah. So, what else can we do? We can read our scripture. We can be polite. We can pray for somebody who's sick. We can give somebody a compliment, build somebody up. Wow. Congratulate somebody. Like whenever we use our words to build up a child of God, then we're doing it for God. Because the Bible says, "Whatever you do to the smallest of my children, you're doing unto me." Amen. Amen. Wow. So whatever I do to the smallest little kid here, if I make him feel bad, if I'm like, "Those shoes are whack." And I make them feel bad, then I'm making God feel bad. The Bible says it's better to tie a big old rock on your neck and throw it in the ocean than to offend one of his children. Wow. So, let's use our words to build people up. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you. I also like that last quote he said to bless his holy name. How do we bless his holy name? Church. You got an answer. How? He's like, "No, no, no. How can we bless his holy name?" By what? They said singing. Can we sing for the Lord? Everybody say hallelujah. Hallelujah. Say thank you Lord. Say bless the Lord. Oh my soul. Oh Almia and all that is within me. Bless his holy name. That is using our voice and our words. Amen. The Bible says, "His praise shall forever be in my mouth." Amen. Who wants to have his praises in their mouth? You want to know another way we can use our words for by saying, "Amen." Amen. Amen. Amen. Woo. To every word of God, you say, "Amen." Amen. That's a simple recipe. You want to learn how to get in the spirit, say amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. If the preacher says something and even if even if it's not yours yet, but you want it, you could say, "Amen." Amen. For example, if you're sick and you're like, "Oh, I'm so sick." And the and you hear in the word of God, God is a healer and he died for you. He got whipped so you can be healed. You can sit there and say, "Oh, that sounds good. I believe." But the minute you hear it and you decide that you want to believe it and you say amen. Amen. That word amen means so be it. Means let it be. Means I agree. that's for me. And your body has to obey. Amen. Amen. So that's a simple little thing. One time I was in I was driving in the car and I was tired. I was like, man, I got to go to school. It's like a 50-minute drive. I was at a red light. And this car pulled up next to me. It's like the bones. Oh my lord. Seenor. Oh my lord. Seenor. Oh my lord. The steering wheels right there. I'm like, so I put my windows up. I put my music on, some Christian music and I wasn't feeling anything, right? I wasn't just listening to Christian music. And all of a sudden, the lyric said something. They said, "If I told you my story, you would hear love or something like that." Okay. Has anybody heard that song that I'm talking about? If I told you my story, I'm listening to it. And I said, "Yeah, my story is kind of like that, too." And I said, "Amen. Amen." And immediately the entire atmosphere in my car changed. My face was like pouring tears. I had so much energy because the Holy Spirit was was listening to me say amen. And then then then then the power of the Holy Ghost and the anointing that was in that song came into my heart. And I remembered all the amazing things God did for me just by using a powerful word. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Words are powerful. Amen. God loves you. Somebody caught it. Somebody said, "Amen." They know. They know God loves them. God loves you. [Applause] We're victorious. He fills us with his love. He's a healer. He'll never leave you. Amen. Amen. Next slide, please. Um the one right before that the the P. There you go. Amen. Oh, actually that's after, isn't it? You can go back. I'm sorry. Thank you. Thank you. To the Psalms. Psalms 63. My My bad. Thank you. Psalm 63:7. Just going to read it really really quick. Okay, guys. For you have been my help and in the shadow of your wings I will sing for joy. For you, Lord, have been my help. And in the shadow of your wings, I'll sing for joy. I will sing for joy. Next slide. This little kid here, Willie Mir. Willie Mir. I I talked about him before, but there's a link, but I don't think it's going to work because the internet right now. So, I'll just tell you the story short. This little kid's 10 years old. Who's 10 years old here? Is there a 10year-old amongst us? 9 years old. Nine years old. Can you stand up for me, buddy? Please say more or less the age of this kid. This young man, thank you. You can have a seat. Willie was 10 years old played in his front yard and somebody came and kidnapped him. They came and they grabbed him and they put him in the car. and said, "You close your mouth. You don't say nothing and you sit there." And he started driving for hours. He drove and the entire time little Willie was singing praises and it made the news. He was giving his testimony on the news. He's saying, "Every praise is to our God. Every You guys know the song? Every word of worship in one accord. Can you sing it? Every praise is to our God. Every praise is to our God. Every word in one accord. He's singing in the back of the car. And the bad guy, "Hey, be quiet over there. Close your mouth. Don't be singing that stuff. He just sang and sang and sang until he couldn't take it anymore. What am I going to do with this kid? He couldn't take it. The devil can't stand when you begin to worship. Sometimes we're kidnapped spiritually. Our mind has been stricken from us. Our joy has been taken away from us, our health, our family, our hope, our faith, our strength has been kidnapped. But the devil can't take it. When you open your mouth and worship the Lord. Somebody say amen. Someone say amen. The devil can't stand for you to say amen. And just for that, let's say it again. Amen. Come on, devil. We got a bone to pick with you. We're children of the living God. Amen. Amen. So he's just singing and singing and singing and the bad guy's like gets out, opens the door, get out of the car. Stay there and don't tell anybody what I said. And he took off. He left them. Abandoned ship. There's a crazy worshipper here. This kid actually believes in the power of worship. There's crazy believers in Phoenix Tabernacle that actually believe in the power of worship. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Is there crazy people here that actually believe in the power of worship where two or more are gathered in his name? He will be there too. And kids, you don't have to be old. In fact, don't wait till you get old, please. What the world wants to see is kids like you. Kids like you, Mi, young ladies like you worshiping the Lord. I'm already too old. That's not very much. It's not impressive for me. But if you guys stand for the Lord, the devil, when the smallest Christian gets on the devil and his demons are get out the car. I messing with you. Be crazy. How many want to be crazy for the Lord? Last slide, please. Let's use our words to pray, to say scripture, to tell the truth, to bless people, to be positive, say kind words, make people feel better, and sing God's praises. God bless you. Amen. [Applause] You guys want to praise the Lord? Amen. Why don't you stand your feet, please? Let's praise him. You can lift up your hands. Amen. I sing praises to your name, oh Lord. Praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. Once again, I sing praises to your name, oh Lord, praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. I give gloryy to your name, oh Lord, glory to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. I give gloryy to your name, oh Lord. Glory to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. I sing praises once again. I sing praises to your name, oh Lord, praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. I sing praises to your name, oh Lord, praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. You can have a seat. [Music] Can you give me J please you hide something in every still pray on my word. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. Lord lift me up and let me stand my faith on handle [Music] and a higher place that I have. [Music] Lord and my on higher ground. Heart has no desire to say word down and fears this day. Oh sh [Music] my amen is higher ground. Lord lift me up and let me stand my faith on him. is stable than [Music] a higher place that I have found. Amen. Hallelujah. Lord path might be on higher ground. I want to scare the utmost high [Music] and catch up of glory. [Music] Lord, lift me up to higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand my faith on him. and stable land on higher pain. Let I have found Lord plant my feet on higher ground. Can you give me G please? G please. I'm a pilgrim, a stranger [Music] through this world of sin. On my way to that city. When the saints go mar city. Oh when the saints go maring. Oh when the saints go maring. Oh Lord, I want to be in a number when the saints go maring. [Music] Oh, I know I see my savior in my life is free from sin. [Music] Open for me. When the saints go maring. Oh, when the saint go maring. Oh, when the saints go maring. Oh Lord, I want to be in the number when the saints go maring. Oh, when we gather around the throne and the gates are closed with thee. [Music] I'll be shouting, glory, glory. When the saints go maring. Oh, when the saints, oh my city, Oh, when the saints go, Mar. Oh Lord, I want to be in the number when the saints go maring. I am waiting for the sherry to sw and I'm stepping [Music] on the clouds are right to heaven. When the saints go maring Oh, when the saint go maring. Oh, when the saints Oh, maring. Oh Lord, I want to be in the number when the saint [Music] [Applause] [Music] God bless you. I just have a couple announcements tonight. Before I say these things, uh, these announcements, I'd just like to share with each and every one of you, um, on the behalf of an entire children's church team here at Phoenix Tabernacle, we'd like to thank you for coming tonight and fellowshipping and worshiping with us. Our calendar for our services and activities can be found in the vest view as you leave. If you need a copy, please obtain one. And there will be uh uh some food being sold over at the food court tonight. Uh it is to raise funds for the Mazatlan convention. Don't forget that our services coming up are going to be as follows. Wednesday night, our service uh will be here at the sanctuary. Doors open at 700 p.m. I believe and service starts at 7:30 and of course our Friday night youth service. Thank you once again. Um and if everyone would please bow their heads for our dismissal prayer. Oh precious heavenly father. Oh tonight we have gathered in your house as little children oh Lord. Some of us are little children Lord. And we're so thankful, oh Lord, that we had this opportunity to hear from you, oh Lord. Strengthen us, oh Lord. Oh Lord, may may our children lead us, oh Lord, walking in your light, daily, oh Lord. And oh Lord, may we as as parents be may the light of Jesus be found in us for our children. Oh Lord, we give you thanks for all these things. Watch over us, oh Lord, as we depart from this place. Give us divine protection that only you can give. We give you thanks, all the credit, and all the glory in the name that is above all other names, our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. [Music] Take the name of Jesus with you. Shall sorrow and [Music] joy and comfort give you. Take and where you go. [Music] Oh precious name. Oh how sweet hope of earth and joy of heaven. Oh precious day. Oh, how sweet [Music] of earth and joy of heaven. [Music] Take the name of Jesus there [Music] as a shield from every snare. Leave tempation and run together. [Music] Breathe the holy name we pray. Precious name. Oh how sweet. Hope of earth and joy of heaven. Oh precious day, oh how sweet. [Music] Oh earth and joy of heaven. [Music] Oh the precious name of Jesus. How it fills our souls with joy. And his loving arms receive us. And his songs our tongues and precious name. Oh how sweet. Hope of earth and joy of heaven. Oh precious name, oh how sweet. Hope of earth and joy of heaven. [Music]
