################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2022-03-23 - Wednesday Adoption #27 - Pastor Bernabe G Garcia - English Translation - Bernabe G Garcia.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2022-03-23
Title:    Wednesday Adoption #27 - Pastor Bernabe G Garcia - English Translation
Speaker:  Bernabe G Garcia
Church:   Phoenix Tabernacle Inc.
Type:     Short Service
Duration: 50m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1_b0zbmDD9w
========================================

Description:
Series of messages preached by Pastor Bernabé G. García, at Phoenix Tabernacle February 12th 1978.

Serie de mensajes predicados por el Pastor Bernabé G. García, en el Tabernaculo Phoenix el 12 de Febrero de 1978.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Let's pray. Divine Father once again prescious [Music] day [Music] and you give us Lord now thy word to us Lord Jesus. Jesus Christ. Amen. You may be seated, brother. I greet each and every one of you. This morning of the Lord Jesus Christ, all of you. Thank you for your cooperation these days of transition that we have before us. I trust that you will cooperate with us. keeping as still as possible. You all know that God should be given the best and understanding that during this transition we lack room or space. However, God will give us the necessary space. We are finishing up and we are asking you to pray so God helps us with the construction. We would like to welcome brother Thomas Perez this morning along with his wife, his family that have just arrived. Would you stand brother Thomas along with your family with your wife and I believe your children are there in the back. This is brother Thomas. Thank you. Purpose it brings brother Thomas to this place though we have explained it already for the benefit of all. Once again he's coming to help us minister the word and also in whatever is needed he comes to dedicate himself to hold services that we are going to have in England. Therefore, it's going to be a brother that is in charge of the English services which has been something that we have needed for a long time and the people not understanding that doesn't the local assembly but it also covers the Latin people worldwide. I was in a straight a tight place that I was about to leave the work of the Latin people to dedicate myself more in English if brother Thomas wouldn't have come. But he has come. He will be helping us in English so that I can continue in Spanish. Therefore, pray to God for him and also for me and for the brothers that help us here so that the transition can operate in an adequate manner. I'm happy that my father is here with us this morning. It had been a few days since he came last, but we're happy for all of you who are visiting us. Brother Candelio, brother Ree that are visiting from California. Well, uh, they're they are from Phoenix, but they leave during the week. The brothers from Flagstaff. When I see them, it looks like they're visitors, but we're happy that they're with us, each one of you. Can we stand to read the word, brothers? Brother Casada is also in our midst in between these trips from New Mexico and California. We're happy that you are all with us this, brothers. Open your Bibles to Mark 11 verse 20 through the 23rd. This is a scripture that we have been reading during these last messages. This is the message number 27 of the series in adoption. It reads as follows. And in the morning as they passed by, they saw the fig tree dried up from the roots. And Peter calling to remembrance saith unto him, Master, behold the fig tree which thou cursest is withered away. And Jesus answering saith unto him, have faith in God to you, that whosoever shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea, and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe that those things which he saith shall come to pass, he shall have whatsoever he saith. Therefore I say unto you, what things soever ye desire when you pray, believe that you receive them, and ye shall have them. You may be seated, brothers. We have been, we have stayed for some time now on the thought that uh ye are gods. I believe if I remember correctly that we have around a dozen messages on this thought but we've been but we have begun to turn the corner on this thought that a man completely surrendered to God is omnipotent. We read quite a bit through the scriptures on this thought. Last Sunday, I began to read what brother Brham speaks to us concerning this subject in order to tie or weave the scriptures together and also along with what our prophet has left for us. I sincerely believe that everything the prophet spoke is scriptural and it ties together because a prophet cannot speak different from what another prophet has spoken before him. That's the reason why after taking the scripture we began last Sunday to read on the seals page 66 in Spanish and in English page 82 and I didn't finish. I only read five little things that the prophet was telling us there. Therefore this morning I will begin to read of the sixth thing so that we will pick up once again the teaching. A man completely surrendered to God is omnipotent. I would like to say that brother Samuel Estraa, brother Ernesto, brother David Candelario, brother Paul Okampo and each one of you that knows and recognizes how to surrender himself to God becomes omnipotent. Now I know that the prophet left us the example, but the prophet followed the example of Jesus Christ. And Jesus Christ having surrendered as a man displayed the omnipotence that was in him when he stopped the storm. When the Lord Jesus Christ did all these things, he set the example to show that in him was the omnipotence. He manifested that omnipotence through the vessel as a man. And this is where it has been difficult to close that gap by placing a bridge so that the people can understand this. But a prophet came in this 20th century called William Brham. He stood in the gap and preached a message entitled standing in the gap. and the gap was made. Now the prophet being there standing in that place, he also stopped the storm. When he was in Colorado, the Lord told him, "Speak the word." And the storm abaded. On other occasions, he created squirrels. He spoke the word. He spoke the word and squirrels came into existence. And so many other things that were the five identifications of that third pool which the prophet did. And we believe them. Is that right brothers? But the difficulty is to bring it down to the people so they can understand that we also should follow the same footprints and then we become omnipotent. But it has to be a man that is completely surrendered to God. When he is uh totally surrendered to God, he becomes as Paul said a prisoner of Jesus Christ. It is no longer the mind of so and so or so and so but rather it is the mind of Christ in the man speaking the words of God inspired by the Holy Spirit and God has to back that man's word because his word he backs up his word. The prophet says that uh that a man is as good as good as he keeps or fulfills his promise. If a man gives a promise, that man should keep or fulfill his promise. And if that man does not keep his word, then that man is worthless. The Bible says that let God be true, but every man a liar. Therefore, when God speaks a word, he keeps that word. And when a man is completely surrendered to God, what else can he speak but the word of God? Then God backs up that word. But there are processes. There are requirements requirements that are needed to be able to become omnipotent or to be completely surrendered to God. And that's what we are speaking on. I'm going to begin to read page 66 of the seals in Spanish. In English, it's page 82 and 83. It's on the breach. Brother Brandham says, "Now when Adam sinned by heeding his wife's reasoning instead of holding to God's word, that's what made Adam sin. His wife reasoned with Satan and then produced the product to Adam and Adam turned loose the word and sold out." What a tremendous thing, right? He put himself for sale. Said, "I'm for sale. I'm offering myself that is if I understand Spanish correctly right in English said it says sold himself out therefore what are you selling brothers beans soup clothing car what are you selling uh I'm selling myself brother Adam you see when a man turns himself loose of the word what he is doing is he's selling himself out and he's telling him Satan come and buy me I'm right here you see the man surreners himself The prophet says that Adam sold himself. No one sold him. He himself sold himself. You see, brother Brandham continues, he lost also his inheritance when he lost his fellowship. Do you remember some time ago when I mentioned that little thing and some of you choked when I mentioned it? Because isn't it true that the people on certain occasions they don't notice when I mentioned that the inheritance was not left to us by Jesus Christ. And when I said this, it seemed like some of you choked. The inheritance was left to us by God. Now Jesus Christ came to pay the price for that inheritance because the Bible speaks that we are co-airs with Christ Jesus. And how can we be co-airs with God being that God is above all things. Therefore, we should understand deity and how it comes descending. Now when Adam did this, he sold himself out. He lost his inheritance. The inheritance that God had given him. Jesus Christ in flesh had not come yet. But God is the self-existing one. Therefore, God had given an inheritance to man. And what was it that he had given him? He had given him the earth. He told him, "Look, I have created you in my image. You are so much like me that I want to share with you, and I'm going to leave this to you. This is your inheritance. But you need to walk in fellowship with me. And in order to be able to walk in fellowship with me, you need to follow my word." Because we cannot have fellowship with God except through his word. When we stop being led or guided by the word of God, that is where we lose our fellowship. You see, if you, my brother, want to have fellowship with me around the word, it can only be around that which has been written, around that which the prophet has brought us. That is then that true fellowship. Now I can have fellowship with brother Jimmy as a friend at our place of employment in whatever profession we have or in family matters. But in order for that fellowship to be an eternal fellowship or an intimate dear deep fellowship, it must be with God being inviting God as our companion. And let it be a union of oneness and that can only happen following the word of God. Now notice what the prophet says. He lost also his inheritance when he lost his fellowship. A man when he loses his inheritance, he loses it when he loses his fellowship. Therefore, I can understand by this that if in us there is no omnipotence, it's because there is no fellowship, no intimate fellowship with God, we are missing something somewhere. You see, so that you may understand me a little easier, let's say that perhaps a woman cuts her hair. Then when she asks God, "My God, my God, hear me. Look upon me, oh God. How can she want or expect to have fellowship with God when she has no fellowship? She loses in her her inheritance. How can she receive or obtain these things if she is not obeying the word? You see, therefore, in order to have the inheritance, we need to have fellowship. We need to follow the word. Whatever God says, that's what's right. The prophet teaches us that we need to go back to the place where we left Jesus and Jesus he is the word when we leave Jesus or when we stop obeying the word that's where fellowship is broken or torn there is no longer any fellowship and the only way is that you as an individual must return go back to where you left Jesus and once again be with him and give him your hands so that he be the one that guides you when you are in fellowship with him he's taking you by the hand and in taking you by the hand in perfect fellowship with him. Whatsoever ye shall ask him, he shall answer you. As soon as you stop walking according to the word, fellowship is lost. Once fellowship is lost, your inheritance is lost. You can scream, you can cry, you can pray, you can ask and there is no answer. Nothing. There is no answer. Therefore, when there is no answer to our petition or to our prayer, we should stop. We should begin to examine ourselves to see where did I fail you, Lord? Where have I left you? Where did I leave you? Because if we are in perfect fellowship with God, he answers our petitions. This also includes the woman, okay? Not just man. I will continue reading. He lost also his inheritance when he lost his fellowship and right to eternal life. Remember what God told him. The day you eat thereof, that day you die. And when he lost his life, he also lost his inheritance in life because he had completely supreme control of the earth. He was a god of the earth. How difficult, right? What a tremendous thing. Correct. Do you believe that a man can go in the rapture without having complete and supreme control of the earth? The Bible says that he can't. Therefore, we need to be trained, right? We need to train ourselves. We need to go and examine, check our lives because a time is coming in which we need to have complete and supreme control of the earth. The man was the god of the earth. I want you to notice it's the man. Isn't it true that we have explained clearly that it's not only the prophet that does this because that is where we struggle in rightly dividing the word and the people want to put the prophet way over there in a separate place and place you far away from him. You brother Leva need to be God. You need to be a man completely surrendered to God. And when you achieve that then you are a God of the earth. That is the that is the reason why brother Romero in his way of explaining things uh brother Favila perhaps didn't understand him too well or perhaps he just didn't understand him when brother Favila was mentioning something to him and brother Romero told him said look brother Favila you see all of that all of that belongs to us all of this is mine the only thing is that I have to wait my time a little while longer they thought it was a little humorous This is something to laugh at, right? Somewhat of a joke, but brother Romero was saying it because he had heard the prophet mention it and he believed it. You see, you should believe the word. When we begin to speak of these things, you should receive them and believe them and begin because faith cometh by hearing and hearing of the word of God. Now, as you hear the word, you begin to believe it and that begins to form within you the necessary strength to be able to overcome the evil one for he is overcome by the word. Then Satan comes and tells you, "No, look, uh, you have no power. You don't have anything. You're just a sinner." That's right. We are sinners. Isn't that right? We are all born in sin. But the blood of Jesus Christ came to intercede for us. There are people upon which Satan climbs on their shoulder and he tells them, "Look, you don't have anything, man. Who do you think you are? And they answer him, "Oh, that's right, Satan. That's true. I I'm a nobody, but do what the prophet did." Satan told him, "William Brandham, you have nothing." The prophet answered, "Well, stay right here with me. Don't leave. Stay right here." Notice now look what he told him. Now, don't leave so that you can hear me glorify God. You see, as soon as he began to glorify God, Satan began to run. For Satan cannot stand when you glorify God. But you, you stay mute, silent, you just stay there listening. You see, you stay right there. And that's the same thing Eve did. She began to reason when Satan told her, "Look at this." The woman answered, "Wow, let's see. Tell me more. That's exactly what we are doing when Satan tells us. You people are nothing. Wow. Look here, Satan. Tell me more." It seems like we almost pat him on the back. But tell him, "Satan, I might be a nobody, but stay right here and watch me glorify the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, who paid the price for my redemption, and being redeemed, I have surrendered to God, and I have power even over you." The Bible states, isn't it true that the Bible says they shall cast out devils? That's the reason why many people no longer want to cast out devils because what happened to them back there happens to them, right? Uh Paul we know and Jesus we know. But you who are you? There you are one day with the cigarette. The next day with your tongue wagging. The next day you're all greedy and stingy. The following day you're a liar and the next moment saying in the name of Jesus Christ, come out demon. Well Jesus we know. But who are you? But God, but man was the God of the earth. Do you believe it, brothers? The prophet says, "God is the God of the universe everywhere and of everything." Aha, this is so tremendous. Therefore, God is also God of the earth. Is that right, brothers? Well, now, how can it be that the prophet says that man is the God of the earth? Are there two gods? Now notice, God made the heavens and the earth, the supreme God. Then once he had put man here, he gave him an inheritance. He says, "I'm leaving this to you, my dear son, as long as you are obedient." When the man isn't obedient, when the son is not obedient, how is it that you want to own the things of your father? Is that right? There are many children that are so disobedient, but when it comes to claim rights, they want all the rights. Look, father, look at Jimmy. He gets to drive his car. He has his own car. He can go to Flagstaff to work. Father answers, "Well, behave like Jimmy and you shall have the same rights as Jimmy." Are you understanding me, brothers? A wise son maketh a glad father, but a foolish son is the heaviness of his mother. You see? Now, therefore, there must be obedience in the earthly children. For if they are not obedient in earthly things, how can they be obedient in the spiritual things? Oh, I want I want for God to bless me. At the same time, I turn to my father. Huh? Who's this old man? Then I go with my heavenly father and say, "Father, help me, heavenly father." Heavenly father answers, "Huh? If you can't even respect your earthly father, how is it that you want heavenly things?" I look at my mother. Huh? Ah, she's just an old lady. She She's nurtured me for years, and what can she give me now? Anyways, I already have my wife and she's much younger. You see her and you run over her. Then I go with my heavenly father. Father, help me. The Bible says, "Honor thy father and thy mother that thy days may be long upon the land." Now, we're speaking of earthly fathers, brothers. You see, we need to understand the Lord Jesus Christ said, "For he that loveth not his brother whom he has seen, how can he love God whom he has not seen?" If you can't be obedient to your father and to your mother that are on earth, how can you be obedient to our heavenly father? Now a man completely surrendered to God is omnipotent. These are just in the little things brothers. It's very sad and pitiful right to see the day we are living in William Brham came to return us. Did William Brandham come to return us to the original faith brothers? I remember I remember when I would come to service, I was tremendous. I was terrible. I believe there's no one as terrible as I was. I'd sit there with my mother's side and she I look like an angel, but I was a devil. But sitting there with her, I was an angel. My father would call me. He'd say, "Bernie, yes, sir." My mother would tell me something. Yes, ma'am. But today, daughter, what son? Hey, don't yell at me. Don't even talk to me. and we claim that he came to restore us. Imagine if he hadn't restored us and then we want God's blessings. There are occasions that we go to a house and it seems like we're in Africa. You got one kid jumping up and down, another one screaming over there. The only thing it seems like we're missing is the music. Oh, but the music, the children make the music. Oh, there's no respect. And then we want to come and say, "Oh, I like to hear the prophet. What are you listening to him for?" Make your heart right first. It says that the judgment must begin at the house of God. Is that right? Begin at the house of God and at our local house also. You see last night or on Friday when brother Ernie sang don't forget the family prayer or at home the family praying. You see, that is what we need, brothers, that the children, even those that are grown, like Pamela, like like Joanna, Jimmy, Jonathan, Marcus, Joel, may they have a little bit of respect towards their parents. For it matters not what they are. If father were to be in prison, he is still your father. And the Bible states, honor your father and your mother. You see, do you understand? These little things are the ones that are helping us to grow. It's not the big things that help us grow or climb up. It's the little things you see restore a total restoration. Now, God, he is the God of the universe. He made the earth. He is the God of the earth. He's the God of everything. But once he had seen that his son was very obedient, he told him, "Adam, take this. This is your inheritance. This belongs to you. You can sign your check whenever you want." And Adam would sign his check. What did Adam sign? Let this mountain be moved to the east. It was in the west. Be thou moved to the east. The mountain would move. How tremendous, right? He saw a tree around there, a tree that uh he wasn't really pleased with. He said, I'm no longer pleased with where that tree is at. He said, I want it placed right here in front of me where I lay every day. Tree move. The tree would move. And there the man was really happy. He would stay contemplating what a tremendous thing. What an inheritance my father has left me. He left it to me. It's mine. No one can take it from me. But when his woman reasoned with Satan and was seduced, she then came and presented the product to Adam. Adam said, "If I don't take her with me, I will no longer be able to live with her. I have to rescue her." He said, "How can I do this?" Satan told him, "Sell out. Sell yourself out." He sold himself out. And since then, Satan is the god of this earth. Amen, brothers. But there's a little thing around there that if God will help me, I want to reach it. Satan, he is the God of the earth. But you know, some little thing that uh we have forgotten is that when God gave man the earth, he gave him an inheritance. He signed a paper and said, "I Elohim, the supreme God that has created the heavens and the earth, do hereby sign this document stating that I'm giving my son the earth." And he signed it. Take this, my son. Take the title deed that you may be able to prove that you are a god. Now, but when Satan came, he made a deal with Adam because a deal was made. The first businessman was Satan and he's tremendous at negotiating. Is that right? Therefore, he began to negotiate with him and he told him, he told him, "As soon as you give me the earth, you have to surrender the title deed to me also." Adam answered, "I'm selling out. I'm forfeiting everything." The prophet said that Adam forfeited. Therefore, once man had sold himself out, he surrendered the title deed. And there was Satan's filthy, dirty hands ready to take the title deed. But since his hands were filthy, the title deed could not stay in the filthy hands of Satan. That document just slipped right off. It just slipped off his hands and it went directly back to the original owner because it was an inheritance that I had left to my son. Therefore, Satan can scream and shout. He can bluff his way. He can do whatever it is that he wants to do. And he tells me, "Hey, Adam sold this to me, this earth is mine, and he is the God of this 20th century. He has even sat in the temple passing himself off, pretending to be God." And he shouts it at me and he preaches it to me with a Bible under his hand and he tells me, "You have absolutely no rights." And I answer him, "Show me, Satan. Show me the title deed. You don't have the title deed. that title deed returned back to its original owner and on that basis is why I don't fear Satan for what does it profit what does it profit if brother Pantoa is living in my house and he tells me brother Garcia now try to kick me out you can't evict me but there amongst his things my father has the title deed of the house and he tells me don't worry Bernabby I have the title deed so then I tell the brother Brother Pantoa, you will vacate my house now or I'm going to call my agent, the Holy Spirit. He is the agent. He's the one that authorizes the claim. I'm going to call him. Well, I'm not giving you anything. You see, this is what happens on many occasions. We don't file our claim. We don't take our position because the title deed is not in the hands of brother Pantoa. The title deed is in the hands of the Holy Spirit. So then I tell him, "Well, brother, you don't want to listen." Referring to the earthly things. Soon someone knocks at the door. This is a court-ordered eviction notice. Leave this house now. No, he says, "No, I I won't do it." He barricades himself in and pulls out a shotgun. Well, even if he pulls out a shotgun, in a few minutes, 20 or 30 police officers arrive along with guards with the army. And if he still won't come out, they launch some tear gas grenades. Pretty soon, here he comes coughing. That's right. Get out of here because this is my house. And that's what we need to do, brothers. We need to file our claim and enforce it. Satan has to come out. He has no right of possession over those things that belong to us. Yes, he takes possession like a big bluffer, and he's a number one bluffer, for there is no greater bluffer than Satan. But the blood of Jesus Christ paid the price so that we as his children can take our position. The only thing that William Brandham did, he's our advocate in this 20th century. It sounds kind of bad, right? It is Jesus Christ, our God who is our attorney. But Jesus Christ showed the prophet. I'm going to prove it further up ahead. I'm going to prove it. My time's running out. I'm going to prove where no one could take the book. No one except Jesus Christ the lamb. Therefore, he the lamb took the book, the title deed book of property, the title deed, and he took the title deed. And when he took it, he opened it and he handed it, gave it to the seventh angel, saying, "Seventh angel, William Brandham, here's the title deed." When William Brandon began to examine the title deed, he said, "Glory to God, it's ours. Oh, Satan, you bluffer. Where will you end up? Nothing here belongs to you. Look from the first seal until the last seal. He said this belongs to the people of the Lord. The Bible in the message say that an abstract deed means that ownership has gone or been tra traced back all the way back to the beginning. So he went looking for the original owner. You know that when he when a title deed has gone through the abstract process, it means that there are no leans, no incumbrances or debts against that property. For even though you have the title deed, if there's a debt against it, you cannot receive a clean title deed because there's a debt or lean against it. And there was a tremendous debt full of sins of worldliness of unbelief. But then when that seventh angel was given that title deed, he could see that everything was clean and there was no debts against it. Why? That's the reason why the Bible states that there was a cry made, who is worthy? Even John began to weep for no one had been found worthy because there was a lean or a debt against that title. There was a spot against that title. But when he began to weep, it was told unto John, "Look, John, weep not. The lion of the tribe of Judah has prevailed and overcome." But when he turned to see, he saw a lamb that came. A lamb came and took the book, saying, "Everything that was against this property, I have paid the price. My blood was shed over 2,000 years ago. I went to Calvary. I purchased what man had sold. What Adam had forfeited, Adam surrendered it. But when Adam gave it up, the title returned back to its original owner, back to the father, back to the spirit. Therefore, it is he that has been sitting on the throne since then because he has the title. But then who's going to redeem it? That's when that bloody lamb as it had been slain said, I have paid the price, give me the title. The title is clean. There are no spots against that title. There are no debts or leans against that title. And not not only has the title been redeemed, but the time has come to claim the possession of the children of God. And I have to deliver this clean title deed to a man on earth. William Brham, come here. He raises William Brham in the midst of seven angels and he hands him the title deed. Preach the word. Instruct the people. Show teach them what belongs to them that they may be able to begin to claim what rightfully belongs to them. Oh people of the living God, believers of the evening time message, it is time for you to rise up with faith, believing and lifting up the standard of where God has raised us up to. Claiming that which is ours, not allowing Satan to bluff us. Claim what rightfully belongs to you. I'm going to continue reading later on. I'll prove it. I'll prove these things that I'm saying. The prophet says, "But his son had this earth under his own control. He could speak. He could name. He could say, he could stop nature. He could do anything he wanted to see. But when he did that, he lost his inheritance." Do you know what has begun to happen? It began some time ago in changing the temperature worldwide began to change global warming. Many people do not understand that it was by the word of a prophet. You see people get all shook up and say for example uh they ask why is California all flooded? I would tell you one thing I'd say that if someone uh wants to go to California, they better think about it twice. They better be sure that it is God that is sending you there. Since 1963 or 64, the prophet took a rock and tossed it up in the air. When he did that, there were three ter terrific blasts and the prophet said, "Judgment is striking the west coast on the Pacific." The prophet said the dragon only moved his tail a little bit. He did not move his head. The head stayed quiet. Just his tail moved. He said, "And Alaska almost sunk." When he tossed that little rock into the air, it brought forth a whirlwind. Look, brothers, did you know, I don't know what they call it in Spanish or in English, but you read that the winds were going about 60 miles an hour in Los Angeles, and in certain places they reached 90 miles an hour. And along with the rain, they say that the rain caused more damage than the damage it would have been that would have been caused by an earthquake of 7 plus on the RTOR scale because he caused and he made it almost like a whirlwind. When he tossed the rock into the air, here comes a whirlwind and it tore off the rocks from the tops of the mountains. You see, it is the word of a little man. But that's the way man was. He had power over nature. He tossed that rock into the air. For there must always be a symbol to show what is coming. And he's showing us, brothers, that this man even had control over nature. The prophet says he could speak, he could name, he could say, he could stop nature, he could do anything he wanted to. See, but when he did that, he lost his inter his inheritance. Now, Adam could say, "Let this mountain here be moved over there," and it would do it. Adam could say, "Let this tree here be plucked up and planted over there." It would do it. For he had complete supreme control as a minor god under God our father because he was a son of God. I only want to bring a small thing to finish up. What does the word redeem mean? To buy back that which was sold. Is that right? So to buy in buying back man through his blood man can be restored to his original condition. Is that right? And the higher the highest thing that a man can do you and I is to be a minor god under God our father. You see what happens with many is that they have a fear to claim their place and others are trying to go above a little higher than what they should. For example, sister uh uh sister Oralia's neighbor, she ponded uh a 21 jewel watch and then uh when she goes to redeem it what she had pawned, she goes and she pays her $30 and then they give her the watch and then she picks up a purse, a a bracelet. Uh well, I I already got what I pawned. No, they'll take her to jail because she can't take the the the the the bracelet because she had only pawned a watch. So when you try to go up higher than what God has received you, you are entering into territory that even angels fear to tread because we can't be higher than the God, the supreme God, the God our father. But we but we do have the right to claim our position and get to be as a minor god under God our father. The prophet says because he was a son of God. [Music] Wouldn't it be possible just to stop here and preach a tremendous message and now the blood has cleansed us and has redeemed us again. What about today? Has the blood redeemed us? Has it cleansed us? Very well. Notice because notice what the son of God did, the second Adam did. I'm going to read it again. Notice now, brother Adam. Look, look at what the son of God, the second Adam did, and said, "The works that I do shall you also do." See, Adam lost his inheritance, the earth. Now it passed from his hand to the one he sold out to, Satan. The inheritance went to Satan's hands. But the title did not stay with Satan. It went directly back to God because he came and he put a substitute for us shedding his blood. If you and I brothers could understand just this little thing, brothers, we could stay there before God so that his word would wash us, would cleanse us of all spots of all unbelief, so that we could believe the word and begin to claim that which belongs to us. If brother Candelario could receive this, an example, if brother Joseco could receive this, he would go with God and he'd say, "Lord, you already have paid the price. I'm here and I'm serving you now. God, Lord, help me to have the faith to claim all of those that are in my family. begin to pray and begin to pray and begin to pray and begin to live the life and begin to live all of the word that has come out of the mouth of God. Pray, believe, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray. You couldn't help it. One of the two either they would come in or they would leave you all alone because they would not be able to take that spiritual atmosphere. You see, because a devil cannot be where there is a son of God, brothers. But if the son of God needs to begin to claim, he needs to believe, brothers. That's what we need. It's to believe and begin to claim our families, our wives, our husbands, our children. We must begin to pray and believe and create a spiritual atmosphere. The devil will have to come out of there and leave and let the children of God to be loosed, free, delivered, surrendered to God, and then we shall have victory because we are gods, minor gods under God our father. I'm going to pray. Divine Father, I thank you for these few words that you've allowed Lord to express to put Lord that second link, that second step for the place that we want to reach. Father, when I see this in your word, it makes me think and to tremble into seeing how far your people go from that which belongs to them. Lord, if we can't show anything else but these little things so that your people can return, Lord, to their place, not only to return, but that they would begin to claim what belongs to them. I remember what your prophet has told us when he explained the scripture. Adam lost the inheritance, then went to the hands of Satan, and he has enjoyed and exploited the earth. He's even sat as god of this 20th century. But the title did return to you, oh father, who are a spirit. But one day you came from your throne, your sublime throne of glory, and you took our likeness to be able to live like man, suffer like man, get tired like man, Lord. And even our prophet teaches us that You even suffered sickness as man, headaches. You attempted as a man. But even then, you were being in the form of man, thought it not robbery to be equal with God. Instead, you stripped yourself and were obedient to be able to purchase back for man the position that he was once in. Lord, one day on the cross you cried out, "It is finished." Lord, the stinger was stung into you by Satan, but you went to the lowest parts of the earth. For three days, you traveled there in your theophony while your body which had the sting in them in him was in the grave. You went down. You took the keys from the devil and you told him, "There is now an abstract deed. I have paid the price. Give me the keys." You passed through paradise to show us the first fruits. You took out those patriarchs, patriarchs that were waiting on you. And they presented themselves alive for around 40 days to many of the Old Testament saints. Then the heavens of the doors and the doors of the heaven were opened and you went in as king of the glory. You left there your body at the altar and then you sent your holy spirit. It parted Lord as tongues, cloven tongues of fire that sat upon each and every one of those that were waiting there in that upper room. And then you came working in that manner through seven ages. But in this 20th century in a unity, in a union, in a oneness, you rested upon the little crib of a man. At the same time, when the church was born under the birth of Pentecost, the man was also born upon which you would reveal yourself as the son of man. The church began to grow and your prophet also began to grow until the time came when he came out. And one day on Mount Sunset, you came down from on high. You lifted this man up and you gave him the title deed. Oh Christ, the prophet William Brham has showed us this title. Even science has photographed the face of Jesus Christ. There's nothing that can hold your people. If they could only receive this revelation, the lamb opened up the seals. He brought it through William Brham and William Brham has explained it to us and has explained to us what belongs to us. you using him as a great advocate in this time. And he has showed us that anything whatsoever that we have lost even as that ve even as that car that that son of yours was stolen from the prophet knelt down and he sent the agent the Holy Spirit so that that vehicle would return. Oh father, help us apply the blood to our house and that the agent, the Holy Spirit, come out after those children of your children that are wavered. Oh lamb of God that takes and erases the sins of the world. Give us the revelation. Give us the faith the faith of this Lord so that no devil can come and stand against any of your children. It is not by our merits. It is not by our lives. But it's because of your life and by your merits. If there's someone here this morning that is found bound, Lord, loosen him at this moment in the name of Jesus Christ. Tear the chains. Deliver those that are oppressed. Heal the sick, Lord, through your sacrifice already finished. Tear the prisons, Lord. Lord, those that can receive the necessary faith, may they rise up, Lord, in your name and claim a total deliverance, Lord, because you have already paid the price and the title is clean. Satan, you have no part or place with the children of God. I conjure you in the name of Jesus Christ that you come out of them. Loosen the property of God. Just like the prophet of God said, denominations, loose them because they're still going to come anyhow. I also tell you, let them go because they have been purchased. Now, you have no partner place with them. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we accept it, Lord. We believe it, Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. And amen.
