################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-26 - Recognizing the Change of Administration At the End Time Part 4 - Bro Ron Peterson - Ron Peterson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-26
Title:   Recognizing the Change of Administration At the End Time Part 4 - Bro Ron Peterson
Speaker: Ron Peterson
Church:  Evening Light Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfaX_cG3nDw
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Lord. Hey. [Music] I just [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Let's all stand this way. will [Music] see the world [Music] overflow [Music] forever. Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] and honor and glory and power. We all the [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] way shall be [Music] forever. Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Amen. Blessing and honor and glory and [Music] power all the church. It's good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Go to the Lord in prayer. Say this is my desire to worship him this morning. You come to worship him. Amen. Lift your voice and give him praise and worship this morning. This is my desire to honor you. Lord, all my heart I worship you. All I have is within me. I give you [Music] Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you. My love, every breath that I take, every moment I have your way. Lord, I give you my Lord. I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you. Every breath that I take, every moment that I wait, Lord, have your way. Every breath I take, every moment I have your way with me. Amen. I trust that's your desire. Several prayer requests here this morning. Let's go to brother Mario back Mario if you can help this morning. Read the people and take us to a place of prayer this morning. Sister Carol has a thank you card here says, "I want to thank the Lord for a successful hip replacement surgery and recovery. I would also like to thank those who have brought food, gifts, cards, and texts. Most of all, I want to thank everyone who's prayed for me so much. May God rich mercy bless you for your caring hearts from Sister Carolyn. Pray the Lord continue to Sister Carolyn grant her a complete recovery. Sister Josie Robless had a medical issue last Sunday during church. She's still feeling the effects of it. So she's at home rest today until the doctors won't find out what what's really going on. Lord give her strength to her body to the doctor's wisdom to find out the reason. Lord bless you. She's also very thankful that Sister Patty Eski, Sister Bethany Eskie for being with her and for Sister Bethany for going to the hospital with her. It meant a lot to her. Pray Lord you sister what she does need. Sister Monica love all is asking prayer for family down in Bisby. Her uncle Gibby Chavis passed away this past week. She says I won't be able to go down for the funeral, but I'm going down this afternoon. Please pray for traveling mercies. May the Lord use me as a testimony. Let's pray for sister Monica and her family. Pray the Lord come on the scene with them. Sister Isabelle Bar's mother passed away yesterday. Pray for her family traveling Mercy's all. Let's pray that sister Isabelle can find a cheap airline ticket down to Kenya. So let's pray for sister Isabelle the Lord with her. Sister Suzanne says that my mom's surgery went really well. She has no pain. She's tired a lot and that God is so awesome. Thank you for your prayers. So, let's continue to pray for sister Mary and pray the Lord. Come on this evening. Grant each one a complete healing recovery. Spoke with brother John Yarro yesterday and he said that he will be having back surgery this Wednesday morning at 7:30. He asked that we specifically remember him. So, let's pray for brother John Yarboro. you have a need this morning, you just want to lift that before the Lord, ask for the bar. Amen. So before we go to the Lord in prayer, I just want to greet you all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, I just want to thank you for your prayer while uh we're in Italy and it's really a great blessing. So I bring greetings from the pastor in Milan uh brother Ry Kabildo and also brother Joel Cabildo from Padoba and also uh brother Franu Lady Picard from Switzerland. So I bring you all greetings from them and u it's a great blessings to be there to minister the word of God to each and every one of them there and I got a text messages from brother Joel and [Music] he thank the Lord for visiting them. And he said that our little effort and give could not comprehend for what God has been given to them, the ministering of the word of God. Amen. And I know it's not only a one-man ministry, but it's a body ministry. Because the prophet said if you cannot go to a certain country in a missionary field then go somebody send somebody and support it. So if the ministry is a blessing to them it is because of your prayer. Amen. So it's not my ministry it's a body ministry. Amen. So whatever God is doing out there, you are included in it. Because as we preach the word, we feel the anointing and it's not in our it's not our desire, but it's the effect of your prayer and thank you for remembering us while we were there. So let us bow our head in prayer. Heavenly Father, we are so gracious, Lord, and we're so thankful this morning that give us the opportunity to gather together, Lord, and we bless your name. We want to say we thank you, Lord, for the opportunity that we can worship you, Lord, in spirit and in truth. Lord, thank you for being mindful of our needs. Lord, you know it's desire. Hallelujah. in this congregation, Lord. You know the thoughts and the intent of the heart, Lord God. And we pray, Lord, that your Holy Spirit once again will come down and minister to our needs, Lord. You saw our needs, Lord. And we believe that you're the same yesterday, today, and forever. Lord, you are able to perform what you promised in your word, Lord. And we rely upon that word, Lord God. And we also remember those [Music] who have their loved ones pass away. Lord God, may you give them comfort. Even our sisters, Lord, in the Philippines just passed away and then another one is in the critical condition because of his kidney failure, Lord. So we also ask for for your mercy and your grace Lord that you may [Music] touch his condition. Lord [Music] God we thank you so much Lord that we have a God that we can come into. Lord we have the God that performs what he promised Lord God. Amen. So we thank you so much and we ask you once again to come Lord and be with us anoint Lord but as he bring the word Lord this morning give us more encouragement to lift up our faith Lord a little bit higher. Oh God, thank you for your revelation, for your for the encouragement. Lord God, we thank you and be with us, Lord God. We love you and we appreciate, Lord, that you continue to give us strength, to give us courage, Lord, to continue on this journey to the body of change, Lord. And we commit this service to you in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you. You may be seated this morning. Want to welcome each one to the house of the Lord. Visitors here this morning, so we just want to be sure to welcome each one. Can't believe we're almost at the end of the month of May. Summer is almost here. Today is the last Sunday school session for the summer and so we'll resume again in September. So, no more Sunday school for the summer. And then just a quick announcement for the parents. Last few years we've had vacation Bible school. Had a lot going on this year so far. We had the play last week and got camp coming up this next week. And so we're going to take a break on vacation Bible school. We know vacation Bible school this summer, Lord willing, when we pick that up again next year. Brother Steven wanted me to announce that there are 35 bus spots available for the ride up to camp. So be first come, first serve. So I guess you can contact Brother Steve or more information regarding that. If you have bags to go up to camp, I assume if you're riding on the bus, bring those here to church Wednesday at 6:45 so they can sure get those loaded up on the bus. And then brother Steven Coffee will be ministering for us here this Wednesday night. So looking forward to that. Amen. God is good. Amen. There's going to be a meeting in the air and sweet, sweet by and by. For loved ones passing on, we have a promise of a resurrection and a meeting. Looking forward to that time. You have heard of little [Music] Moses. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Blessed be his name. This is the day that the Lord hath made. I will rejoice, be glad. Are you happy this morning? This is the day. [Music] [Applause] Heat up here. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] We will be glad. This is the day. Oh, this is the day that the Lord will have God's not dead. He is alive. Oh, God's not dead. He is alive. God's not dead. He is alive. Heat. Heat. [Music] In my heart I feel it [Music] all. And God is alive. God is alive. God. He is alive. I feel in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I feel him in my heart. I feel it. Sing it one more time. Oh, God not dead. He is alive. God not dead. He is alive. God not dead. He is alive. I feel him in my heart. I feel him in my feet. I feel him in my heart. I feel it. [Music] Hallelujah. Give him praise this morning. Blessed be his name. Hallelujah. Amen. We have several song specials this morning. Brother Ron's asked our brother Nathan the Penji to come and sing for us again this morning. So, if he wants to come and get ready, let's sing There's no one, there's no one like Jesus. Amen. So glad we serve a living God this morning. There's no one There's no one like Jesus. There's one there's no one like him. There's no There's no one like Jesus. There's no one There's no one. Sing it again. There's no one There's no one There's no one like Jesus. There's no one There's no one like him. There's no one There's no one like Jesus. There's no one. There's no one. I searched all over. I searched all over. Over. I searched all over. Over. I searched all over. Over. There's no one. There's no one like him. Like Jesus. There's no one. There's no one like him. There's no one There's no one like Jesus. There's no one There's no [Music] one I grew. [Music] Back the man [Music] say there's no one there's no one there's no one like Jesus. There's no one There's no one like him. There's no one There's no one like Jesus. There's no one There's no one like him. Give him praise this morning. Amen. Sister Bethl, I guess our brother Nathan isn't here this morning. So, Sister Bethl and Sister Mary have a song for us. Appreciate them singing. Once they're done, if Lissa, Lydia, Sister Shayla Dea would be ready to sing for us. Appreciate it. Amen. God bless them as they sing this morning. [Music] Blessed [Music] asssurance Jesus is mine. time. He's been my fourth man in the fire time after time. [Music] Born of [Music] his, washed in his blood. And what he did for me on Calary is more than [Music] enough. I trust in God, my savior, the one who will never fail. He will never fail. I trust in God, my savior. The one who will never fail. He will never fail. [Music] Perfect submission. All is a rest. I know the author of tomorrow has ordered my steps. So this is my story and this is my song. I'm praising my risen king and savior all the day long. I trust in God my savior. The one who will never fail. He will never fail. I trust in God, my savior, the one who will never fail. He will never [Music] fail. He won't fail me then and he won't fail me now. [Music] And I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. That's why I trust him. That's why I trust him. And I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. That's why I trust him. That's why I trust him. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. That's why I trust him. That's why I trust in God. My Savior, the one who will never fail. He will never fail. I trust in God, my savior. The one who will never fail. He will never fail. [Music] I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. That's why I trust him. That's why I trust in God. Praise the Lord. I'm back. [Music] All my words fall short. I've got nothing new. How could I express all my gratitude I could sing these songs as I often do that every song must end and you never So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. Hallelujah. And I know it's not much. I've nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing [Applause] [Music] hallelu. I got one response. I got just one move with my arms stretched wide. I will worship [Music] you. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. And all that I have is a hallelujah. And I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. Hallelujah. So come on my soul. Oh, don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song. Cuz you've got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. [Music] Oh, come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song. Cuz you've got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. Oh, come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song cuz you got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. All that I have is a hallelujah. Hallelu. And I know it's not much. I've nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. Hallelu. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. And I know it's not much, but nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Thank you, girls. Beautiful song. Lift up my soul. Cry hallelujah. Let's all stand and singing to the song this morning. 10,000 reasons. Just want to praise him this morning. Thank him for his goodness. The sun comes up. It's a new day dawning. It's time to sing your song again. Whatever may pass, whatever lies before me, let me be singing within evening. Lift your voice and worship him this morning. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul. Worship his holy name. Oh, sing like never before. Oh my soul, I'll worship your holy name. You're rich in love and you're slow to anger. Your name is great and your heart is kind for all your goodness. I will keep on singing. 10,000 reasons for my heart to find. So bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul, worship his holy name. Sing like never before. Oh my soul, I'll worship your holy name. And on that day when my strength is failing, the end draws near and my time has come. Still my soul will sing your praise. [Music] 10,000 years and live forever more. So bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul, I'll worship his holy name. Sing like never before. Oh my soul, I'll worship. Sing the chorus one more time. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, oh my soul. I'll worship his holy name. Sing like never before. Oh my soul, I'll worship you. Sing like never before. Oh, sing like never before. Oh my soul. I'll worship your holy name. Give him praise this morning. Hallelujah. Amen. God bless you. You can be seated this morning. Have just a couple things here before we change the order of the service. Greet you all in the lovely name of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. God is good, is he not? Amen. Amen. And we had a lovely wedding yesterday up in the prescuit area there. And brother Justice Wallace married to Alys, sister Alyssa McGary and uh was beautiful. Russell did a lot of work in the area there. had to remove some trees and stuff and we it was out out in the in the open there with some cottonwood trees and was very very nice and the temperature was perfect. I was wondering is it going to be hot and sweaty and but no it was very very nice and just had a lovely time. So, um, also at this time, uh, Brother Barney and Sister Josanne, would you come forward, please? They're going to be moving. And, uh, we just want them to come forward here. And after uh, they come forward up here, I'm going to ask because I'm going to pray for them and we're going to give our blessing to them. And when I do, I'm going to ask that our ministering brethren, the different ones who minister here among us, if you'll come up and be with me when we lay hands on them. I knew Brother Barney's father, Brother Lucas Debeir. I knew him. Come up here. Yeah. Come up. Come up. Come up. Come on. God bless you. God bless you, my friend. So, please come here and I'm going to give you a microphone. Come up here, Brother Barney. Right up behind this desk. You can lean against it if you need to. Go ahead and hold that right there. Amen. Thank you. Come up here, Sister Josanne. So, you're going to be moving. Is that correct? Yes. Come on, hold it up so we can Sorry about that, but we're doing we're moving. Well, tell us what made the decision. Why? Family. Family. Yeah, my son. Your son and age. And age. And age. Huh. It happens to all of us. I know. Yeah. And we know that uh uh you're going up to where? Where? What city? Nampa. Nampa. So, you'll be up there in Nampa. God bless you. And you've already rented a little house or something up there. When are you actually leaving? On the 6th. On the 6th. So much work. So much work. Are you working Barney to death? Huh? Oh, he's watching me. He's watching you. Yeah. Yeah. Amen. Well, I want you to know what a blessing the two of you have been here for me. I've been blessed just to get to know them. Thank you. God bless you. We don't say goodbye. We just uh we just loan you up north here a little bit and everything. Age comes along and guess what? You know, things change. Yeah. and you have to make decisions and everything and we're going to miss you greatly, but uh God knows. So, our blessings go with you, brethren. If you come up here, ministering brethren that are here with us, we going to miss you, too. You going to miss us? Oh, yes. So much. Are you Are you going to miss the desert? No. [Laughter] No. Green grass and flowers. Yeah. She says, "Brother Ron, I want to see green grass and flowers." Thank you, brother. Well, God. Amen. Put that back over there. You stand right here. Come over here. Right in the center. Come on. Come on. Right here. What a blessing it's been for them to have been here and sojourned with us. And so now you go with our blessings. Thank you. Amen. And may God bless you and keep you and may you go up there and have a wonderful time with family. May you have lots of green grass, many flowers and trees. Not cactus. No. No. No. So, uh, not this time. Well, the Lord bless you and send us a note now and then. Let us know how you're doing. We want people to visit us. We You want people to visit you? We want your address. We that. And you know what? Probably July through August or so, you'll have all kinds of visitors, okay? They'll want to see your grass and your trees. And little creek. And a creek. You got a creek in the backyard. Yeah. How lovely is that? Huh? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's pray. God bless you. Amen. Amen. Heavenly Father, as we lay our hands upon Sister Jose, Brother Barney, Father, what a blessing it has been to know them, to have them in our midst, Father, and so faithful. Thank you, Lord. Every service, Father. They're one of the first ones to walk into the sanctuary. And Lord, we thank you that you've allowed them to sojourn with us here and to be a part of our family. Yes. And now, Father, as in this time of life, in this season of our age, Father, and now they go north to be with family and Father, I pray that you'll be with them. Watch over their journey. Keep them, Father. And I pray, Lord Jesus, that thou will just comfort and guide them and be with them in this stage of life. I thank you and I praise you and I bless you both. Amen. We bless you. As a congregation, we bless you. We thank you. We ask these things for the glory and honor of Jesus Christ. And in that name we pray. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. You brethren, shake their hands and Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. You, brother, help him down. I'm okay. Thank you. You're okay? Yeah. Yeah. [Music] Ah, God bless them. Amen. Um, Brother Steven, do we know has brother Freddy has aras has he arrived? Yep. Yeah. Brother Freddy, where are you, brother Freddy? Yeah. Come up here, my brother. Um, from Lumbbashi, right? Come up here, my friend. He is a pastor from Lumbbashi. I want him to to greet you and just take a moment. We seem to be getting a lot of congalles visitors. They're coming through. That's what happens. You get a couple congalles families in in your church and then next thing you know get all these visitors. They come for weddings and they come all the time. God bless you, brother Freddy. Do you need a translator or can you speak English good enough? Ah, you got one. You You guys are so far ahead of me. God bless you, brother Freddy. Please greet the church. May the Lord bless you. I am brother Freddy Kwende. I'm coming from Lumbashi. Shai. My church is El Shai Tabernacle. Pastor Freddy. My pastor is Freddy Masudi also. you know her his daughter is sister Becky here among us and his her husband brother Delo I came to visit my children here among you Mary and Jonathan thank you so much God bless [Applause] Amen. There's many, many visitors here and I don't know if they've all been said hello to, but we've got uh Brother Gary and Sister Barbara Stany over here in the corner. Amen. God bless you. special friends Carol and Matt Venoi. God bless them. It's good to have you guys with us, too. Always a blessing to see you. And Sister Maggie, we're going to have you give your testimony uh this coming Wednesday night if you'll be prepared for that. Is that okay? When Wednesday, we'll have you take a testimony. The Lord's really done something for her. So, um, Sister Marty, God bless you. It's good to have you back. Sister Deville, it's good to have you back. you've been away for a couple weeks. Uh I think Josiah Swanson is here. Where? There he is. Yeah. And his sister Sarah. Different ones. Each and everyone. Man, so many have come and I don't want to try to uh uh name everyone because I'm 72 and I'll forget anyway. And I, you know, so I have an excuse. Um but anyway, yeah, God is good. Yes, he is. Amen. Amen. I am just so thankful to be a Christian in this hour. And I think what I'm so thankful for is of all the people in the world that God would open my eyes to the truth of what he's done in this hour to be able to see to have the eyes have of the Holy Spirit to not only see the signs because it was not the sign that made me a believer. Amen. It was the voice behind the sign. There was something. There was a deep calling to the deep. And there was a deep in here to be able to respond. That's what the calling of God is. It's a quickening power that pulls you. Hallelujah. You realize you were ordained, predestinated to receive this message. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Let's all stand together. I I guess let's just sing onlyly believe. I one of my most favorite [Music] songs and today this is Memorial Weekend, right? Yes. [Music] Let's just thank God for all those who fought wars and gave the ultimate price. How about others that have gone on before us and great and fought great spiritual battles? Amen. And have gone on before. Yes. Let this be a great memorial day that we think of those that have gone on before us and we thank God and we say, "Lord, thank you." And we believe because the disciples said, "What can we do to work the works of God?" He said, "Only believe." That's right. Only believe. Oh, only believe for all things are [Music] possible. Only believe. Only believe. only [Music] believe for all things are [Music] possible [Music] only. Let's just bow our heads. If you have a special request, something on your heart, maybe you didn't get to write it down and that you have a need and you say, "Remember me, Father." I think there should be hands all over the building, spoken, unspoken, thanks upon your heart, heavenly father, as we raise our hands to you, we ask you, Father, let faith rise. Let there be a moving of the Holy Spirit upon our hearts and open our eyes of understanding. Father, let there be a quickening power of the Holy Ghost come down upon that elect seed to give us understanding because that's the quickening power to transform us. We're being transformed from mortality to immortality. I thank you, Father. I pray now as I lay my hands upon this word, I ask God, may there come a supernatural anointing, you that inspired this word, that had men of old to write it. [Music] May that same inspiration come upon us that we might have ears to hear and eyes to see what you're doing in this hour. We thank you. We praise you. We commit every request, everyone that is here today, we ask that you will bless them abundantly. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. All things are possible. That's right. Just believe. Amen. Let's just remain standing if you would. Thank you musicians each and everyone. Song specials were tremendous. Amen. I love that. Just love to see our people sing and worship God. God dwells in the praises of his people. Amen. It's good to have brother Mario and sister Josephine back. Amen. Amen. I always miss him when when they're not here and I look over in the corner and they're the seats are empty and and everything. But uh the Lord blessed brother Mario to bless the people over there in Italy. Yes. And uh just to encourage him and a lot of them are Filipinos and so he could even speak in Phil in his language there and bless them and then switch over to English and everything and make it even that much more understood. Amen. That's kind of like what God does during the ministering of the word. What he does because this message is coded. That's right. Amen. It is an encrypted message. And only those who have the ability to hear what the spirit is saying will catch it. Rest of them, it goes right over their head. They hear or they listen but they don't hear what the spirit is saying. God help us today to hear what the spirit is saying. All right, let's just remain standing. Turn with me to the book of Numbers. Book of Numbers. Amen. How many believe God is in numbers? Amen. Amen. Amen. Numbers chapter 14 verses 1- 11. And then we'll go a little further down there in numbers. So just keep your Bibles open. We're going to do a little bit of reading the Lord. And uh so Numbers chapter 14. And verse one, and all the congregation lifted their voice and cried, and the people wept that night, and all the children of Israel murmured against Moses and against Aaron. And the whole congregation said unto them, Would God that we had died in the land of Egypt? Or would God we had died in this wilderness? And wherefore hath the Lord brought us into the land to fall by the sword that our wives and our children should be a prey. Were it not better for us to return into Egypt? God does not want you looking back. That's right. The movement of God is forward. Amen. And the final movement of God is upward. [Music] So here in this Exodus, no matter how vindicated of God, no matter how many signs and wonders, there's always somebody somewhere that's not catching what God is doing. And therefore they get a little disillusioned and say would to God that we would have stayed in denomination that they become a little disillusioned. I thought this is the message of the hour. I thought everything would be okay. Didn't think I'd have any battles, no demons to fight. It'd just be a rosy uh uh pathway and everything would be okay. No, we didn't enter into a picnic. We entered into a battle. You need to know you're going to fight for it. That's right. Verse four. And they said one to another, "Let us make a captain and let us return into Egypt." So now they're quitting the the leadership of God and they're taking and choosing man's leadership over God's. That's right. And they want to return into Egypt. Then Moses and Aaron fell on their faces before all the assembly of the congregation of the children of Israel. And Joshua the son of Nun, and Caleb the son of Jeffuna, which were of them that searched the land, rent their clothes. Here is two out of 12. that search the land and they hear what the assembly is saying and they rent their clothes. They're in such a time of grievance. They rent their clothes. Verse seven. And they spake unto all the company of the children of Israel, saying, The land which we pass through to search it, it is an exceeding good land. Yes. And if the Lord delighted in us, then he will bring us into this land and give it to us a land that is flowing with milk and honey. Amen. Only rebel not against the Lord, neither. Fear ye the people of the land, for they are bred for us. Their defense is departed from them, and the Lord is with us. Fear them not. But all the congregation bade them stone bade them stone them with stones. Do you see? Do do you think their sermon changed their minds? No. Their opinion is it ain't what we thought it was. Yeah. Yeah. Very good. Stone them with stones. Here's God's anointed ones to lead the people. And what they do when they hear this, they make intercession. Amen. And the glory of the Lord appeared in the tabernacle of the congregation before all the children of Israel. And the Lord said unto Moses, "How long will this people provoke me? And how long will it be error they believe me for all the signs which I have showed them. Heavenly Father, as we have read your word, we look back to see what was so that we will know what will be. same spirits, same times, and yet such great glory that we are about to see. I believe we've entered into the, as your prophet called, the finished cycle. Amen. To the end of all things. We're seeing everyone and everything take its position. Whether it be in the world or in the word, everyone is being positioned. Father, come and speak to us and anoint our eyes with the eyes have of understanding. I pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. You can all be seated this morning in the presence of God. Keep in your Bibles Numbers 14 verse 22. through 20 4. Numbers chapter 14 verse 22. Because all those men which have seen my glory and my miracles, which I did in Egypt, and in the wilderness, and have tempted me now these 10 times, and have not hearkened to my voice, surely they shall not see the land which I swear unto their fathers, neither shall any of them, but provoke me see did, but my servant Caleb, because he had another spirit with him. I want you to know that Joshua and Caleb, the Bible says, was of another spirit. Hallelujah. The bride is of another spirit, and hath followed me fully. Him will I bring into the land where unto we he went, and his seed shall possess it. Verse 28. Now verse 28, say unto them, as truly as I live, sayaith the Lord, as ye have spoken in mine ears, so will I do to you. Your carcasses shall fall in this wilderness. And all that were numbered of you according to your whole number, from 20 years old and upward, which you have murmured against me. Doubtless ye shall not come into the land concerning which I swear to make to make you dwell therein, save Caleb, the son of Jeffuna, and Joshua the son of Nun. But your little ones which you said should be a prey, them will I bring in, and they shall know the land which ye have despised. But as far as you your carcasses, they shall fall in the wilderness. My may God add, let me see here. No, I want to keep reading. I want to go to because I feel this is very important. Let's go to verse all the way. We'll read continuing to verse 45. Verse 33. and your children shall wander in the wilderness 40 years and bear your whoredoms until your carcasses be wasted in the wilderness. After the number of days in which you search the land, even 40 days each day for a year shall you bear your iniquities, even 40 years. And you shall know my breach of promise. I the Lord have said, I will surely do it unto all this evil congregation that are gathered together against me in this wilderness. They shall be consumed, and there they shall die. And the men which Moses sent to search the land who returned and made all the congregation to murmur against him, bring them upon a slander upon the by bringing a slander upon the land. Even those men that did bring up the evil report upon the land died by the plague before the Lord. But Joshua the son of Nun, and Caleb the son of Jeffuna, which were men that went into search of the land, lived still. Amen. And Moses told these things these sayings unto all the children of Israel. And the people mourned greatly. And they rose up early in the morning and g them up unto the top of the mountain, saying, "Lo, we be here, and we will go up under the place which the Lord hath promised, for we have sinned." And Moses said, "Wherefore now do you transgress the commandment of the Lord, but it shall not prosper? Go not up, for the Lord is not among you, that you be not smitten before your enemies. For the Amalocites and the Canaanites are there before you, and you shall fall by the sword, because you are turned away from the Lord. Therefore, the Lord will not be with you." But they presumed to go up unto the hilltop, and nevertheless the ark of the coven of the Lord and Moses departed not out of the camp. Then the Amalocites came down, and the Canaanites which dwelt in that hill, smoked them, and discomforted them, even unto Harma. May God bless the reading of his word this morning. I feel to take a sermon title of recognizing the change of administration at the end time. This is part four and I want to take a subject of the Joshua commission is commissioning the bride under the third pole. What is the third rule? The revealing of the word. It's the word in season. You have to understand understand there are appointed times and seasons, right? According to God, a time to be born, a time to die. Yes. A time to plant and a time to pluck up that which is spent. There is a time and a season for all things under heaven. Now, this past uh Sunday, I was talking about the pope coming out of America. And we know what the prophet said, how he said according to prophecy, there will be a pope coming out of America. And this sign was recognized by message believers both wise and foolish. Understand that those within the message both wise and foolish have said, "Oh, the prophet said 1954, watch that last pope. Watch that one when he comes out of America. And so it's come to pass. But I want you to know I have not heard of one skeptic, one scoffer of those who have claimed that brother Brandon made all these mistakes and different ones. And I have not heard of any of them changing their mind and coming back. Oh my. Right. Exactly. Because you know what? Signs don't make you a believer. Believers do not follow signs, but signs follow them that believe. Hallelujah. I remember the first time that the brethren that put together believed the sign. and asked me, they said, "Before we launch it and put it out on the internet, we want you to watch this and tell us of your opinion." So, they did. Voom, believe the sign, you know, all that. When they got done, they said, "Well, Brother Ron, what do you think?" And I said, "Excuse me, brethren, which one of those signs made you a believer?" Which one? Was it the halo picture? Was it the cloud? Was it the pillar of fire on his shoulder? Was it the amber light around brother Brandham there on the rock with his son Joseph? Which one of those signs made you a believer? Right? I says, "Because if you were to take away to me every sign, all of those pictures, all of those quote signs that people are supposed to become a believer." Because if you were to take them all away, I'd still be a believer. Because none of those quickened me at the moment and said, "Now I believe. I've seen the picture of the halo. I've seen the pillar of fire. I've seen the cloud. Many saw that. Didn't make them a believer. That's right. Just an attraction. It's just a sign. But there was something. There was a voice behind the sign. There was an attraction. And many saw the attraction. But there's only an elect few that are going to catch the meaning. Oh my. Some will just see it as a cloud and others will see it. It's him. But you have to look at it in the right direction. Amen. So the death of one pope and his administration brings a new pope and a new administration. And I want you to understand that even as we've got a newly elected president and he's been in office for a few days and there's been a change of administration, right? And we kind of think make America great again. They're admitting she was great and she's fallen. Right. Exactly. And then they make all of these inspections and these uh groups of people to go out doge or whatever you call them and go to looking at where is our money gone kind of like balancing the budget right and they're finding billions of dollars unaccounted for right and I want you to understand my brother and sister that America, no matter how much that we try to stop the spending through fraud and all of these things, she's hemorrhaged so much. Her monetary system has bled and bled until she can't even pay the interest of her debt. Brother Brandham said America will go bankrupt. Right. Right. He said the system I want all of you to understand that this system is working right together according to prophecy. There are so many prophetic events being fulfilled at this very moment. But one I want you to be totally aware of because there are some that say that the prophetic sign of the prophet of Revelations 10:7 is the last voice. I'm here to disagree with you. Right. The voice continues because according to scripture we find out those that take the open book and they eat it. The Bible says thou must prophesy. Brother Brennham said that John was a type of the bride of Christ. In fact, we see it throughout all of the prophet's message. He said the final voice to the final age. It goes from one prophet to a mystical body to a many membered body. Amen. And they under their messenger. Amen. Somebody say under their messenger. We don't get rid of that messenger. We're under that messenger. We're under that headship. We're under that token. Amen. But under their messenger, they will be the final voice. Don't deny it. Because if you deny it, you're denying the word. If you deny it, you're denying the prophet's message. Would the bride of Christ have a ministry before the rapture? Yeah, sure. Uh-huh. It's going on right now. It's Ephesians 4. He said that's God's dressear. Amen. Amen. How many believe that? Brother says it many places. That's God's dressear. All right. So, the bride, both wise and foolish, have been awakened by the shout of the midnight hour. We've come to understand the prophecy for this hour, what we call the message of the hour. And we've heard it and we're being quickened. I want all of you to know, you must have the quickening power of the Holy Spirit in your life to bring this off of the tape. Amen. to bring it out of the books. May I say this? Your letter without the quickening of the spirit is death. But when the spirit quickens this, it brings eternal life. Amen. Amen. So signs just get your attention. But it is God's quickening power of your understanding. Yes. of you catching it, of you being awakened or quickened to see what's going on, to know your day and its message. And when you know your day and its message, you've got to find out what position you play. Exactly. You have a part. That's right. Every one of you. like a great symphony. The prophet said, "So many musicians, so many different parts and some are have perhaps a a greater part than the little piccolo or the symbol or whatever, but each one of you must play your part." Yes. So everything is moving into position right now to play their part. And you say, "Well, uh, Brother Ron, with all of these signs, do you think the that's going to make the people believer?" No. In fact, I'll have you to know that there was a man that was over there across the chasm. Remember, he had died and he came to the he said to the Lord Jesus, I'll show you in Luke 16 verses 27 through31. Then he said, "I pray thee, therefore, father, that thou would send him to my father's house, for I have five brethren, that he may testify unto them, lest they also come into this place of torment." Remember the man say, "Let me go back. I'll go back. I've got five brothers. Let me go back and tell them, don't you come where I'm at." Abraham saith unto him, they have Moses and the prophets. Let them hear them. And he said, "Nay, Father Abraham, but if one went unto them from the dead, they will repent." And he said, "If they hear not Moses, and the prophets, neither will they be persuaded, the one is raised from the dead." Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank God. Why are you here? Not because you saw all the signs. Not because you saw somebody raised from the dead. But I'll tell you what, all of you have been witnesses of those who have been quickened. Amen. From trespasses and death. You were born in sin, shaped in iniquity, come to this world, speaking lie. But because you were elect, because there was something inside of you, you had the ability to be reborn. He said in nonseed, there's nothing to quicken. That's right. They hear the same word. They can come under the anointing. They can feel the heat of the sun. They can feel the abundance of rain. But because there's no seed, there's nothing to quicken. That's why brother Bram said, "Oh, these people, oh, they feel such great anointings." Yeah. Well, the rain falls on the just and the unjust. Do not they both raise up and praise the Lord? Now the Bible says and go back now here to our talking about what is happening in this hour to understand the change of administration. Right? If you miss it, you're going to stay in a position without the isv of understanding of what God is doing because God is constant. He keeps moving. Very good. And if you fail to catch what God is doing in this hour, then you will fail to play your part because you're not coming into your position. Very good. Amen. So the Bible says in Deuteronomy 34:9 that Joshua, the son of Nun, was full of the spirit of wisdom. He was full of the spirit of wisdom, not just knowledge. So many people have knowledge. Eve lusted for knowledge but failed to get wisdom. Very good. This young man was one with perception. this young man Joshua. In fact, when you look in the Old Testament, you will find that Joshua whenever the battle, he's right in the middle of it. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. He's right there, right in the middle. In fact, he's the only one that ever made the sun stand still. Hallelujah. Never before had the sun stand still. In fact, I was I had a class at my university and we had a planetarium. This is before I came to the message and they said with the planetarium you can go ahead and you could process forward in time or back in time because the planets and everything all move according to a pattern. We can go back and we can see according to the time of the birth of Jesus, we can see stars lined up. And I'll never forget that my professor said, "But we have a glitch that we cannot explain." Wow. Hallelujah. They said there's something that is missing because when we tried to He It says there's just a few hours missing. What was it Joshua in the midst of the battle? Yeah. He said, "Oh, God, I need more time. Son, stand still." And the son stood still. Can you imagine such power with the spoken word? Amen. I want you to understand every time that the spoken word came to pass, whether it's in the prophet's life or throughout the lives of those in the Bible, it was the situation that caused God to come on the scene. And the believer was moved on by faith to speak the word. It is the situation Exactly. That makes him God. As Bethl and the sisters you saying, why do I trust him? Because I called. He answered. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Amen. I want all of you, let me just say this, that there is a power with inside of you that if you knew how to harness this, you could speak worlds into existence and you could go live on it. Joshua is the type of the real true believer. He is one that has got a different spirit because he is being led to go and put the people into their position. Moses told him and you this one will go here and there but it was Joshua. Joshua is Jehovah Savior. Amen. And so Joshua is under this anointing that says, "Though even the women in childbirth and under their birth pains, they would cry out where their child was to go." But it was Joshua who came and said, "You belong over here and you here." Amen. How we need the Joshua today, the great Holy Spirit. to lead us and guide us into all truth. Somebody say, "Amen." Amen. Joshua has the ability to read between the lines. He has the ability to perceive. He is able to see the picture within the picture. He has the ability to hear with his ear what the spirit is saying just as Boaz took notice of Ruth when she was working in the field. Now God's taken notice of the believer. Let's go back from the time of Boaz. How many know that just as that was a type, we're in another type? Because here we are at the time of harvest. And Naomi by inspiration, she told Ruth where to go and find him. Don't go to his home. He's not there. Where is he? He's at the threshing floor. He's there during and doing what he should do at the time of harvest. Hallelujah. Amen. Are you understanding? Where are you finding Boaz today? He's right here at the threshing floor. He's separating the shuck from the wheat. Why? Because the shuck is not air with the wheat. God is dividing. God is separating. The winds of doctrine are blowing and people are going here and there. But that seed, no matter how much the wind blows, because they have weight, you throw it up. Amen. Because it has weight, it has seed. It comes back down. The threshing only gets rid of that which is not seed. Right. Joshua does not come into his commission until after the death of Moses. God come and spoke to him. Moses, my servant is dead. Oh God, what about the message? What about the messenger? Oh, what's going to happen? Listen, God knows exactly what's going on. That's right. God didn't get blindsided by this. It didn't happen. And then he say, "Oh, wait. Stop. Stop. H Something's wrong." Because you know what? Moses was supposed to lead us into the promised land. But remember, because he lifted up himself. I wonder how many people that start out and God goes to blessing their ministry or their life and you get a little bit arrogant and think that it's all about you. It's not. It's about him. How do you know the seed is ripe unto harvest? Help us, Lord. Joseph had a vision. He was a spiritual man. And he told his brethren who were immature, carnal. Yeah. And he gave them a vision. And I see you shall all do oblation to me and you shall bow your heads. Who are you to rule over us? You're a Nazi boy. And so because they didn't understand and Joseph, he gets betrayed. Yeah. Sold. Yeah. Put into slavery. Yes. They take his coat of many colors and they dip it in an animal blood. Give it to their father. Your son, your beloved son is gone. I want you to understand Joseph, he's got this vision and it's held before him all those years. And yet once in a while perhaps in the pit he said, "But God, right, this doesn't match that." Then he gets put into slavery. But God, this doesn't match that. Yeah. Come on. Then he goes into Piper's house. You know the story. I'm not going to go into it. But this doesn't match that. I want all of you to understand this may not match that. for a season, but you let God have his way. God is bound and determined to bring you to your destination. And it wasn't until Joseph, hallelujah, came into his position. And he said when he he says, "Cast all the men out. I want to speak to them alone." And there he spake in the Hebrew tongue. He said, "I am Joseph. Joseph. And they were in fear of his lives. And he and he says, "I'm not here to avenge you. What you did was for a purpose." Amen. God sent me before you. That I might prepare. There is a type of Christ. Amen. I go before you to prepare a place for you that where I am. There you might be also. Hallelujah. So many times your this doesn't match this down here. So hang on. It ain't over yet. Hallelujah. understand even as that that painting of of the chess and you've heard the story of of it shows and the thing says checkmate but there was a chess a professional chess player that looked at it and said no there's one more move he said the queen has got one more move hallelujah I want you to understand this queen. If he is the king of heaven, there must be a queen. There's one more move. Brother man said, "Sh, that's that third pull." Don't try to explain it. That's right. He says, "You know what? It's a mystery." And guess what? You're a part of that great mystery. Yeah. He says, "I'm connecting you with it." So when this looks like that, you're going to step into the vision. Amen. All right, I'm going a little bit slow. I'll have to try to hurry up here, but yet I don't want to be rushed. Amen. Joshua is called in the scripture Moses minister. And I want you to understand that after the death of Moses, there was a change of administration. Do you see that? Amen. Never does God have one go off the scene but what somebody else comes on the scene. Joshua was commissioned at that time to into his position. Now understand, brother Brandham was under tutors and governors until a time appointed of the father. Be spiritual with me now. And some of you are tired. I can see it. Pinch yourself. Stay with me for a moment. Yes. The prophet of God now, he's coming into something because he's been under tutors and governors. He's been under Baptist teachers and different ones and Pentecost and he's gone to Mishawaka and he's seen all the gifts of the spirit and he's just going on but now he wonders what does this vision mean there it's a blast that looks like I'm going to die. It's okay God if you want to take me off the scene that's okay. He's up in Sabino Canyon. Many of you have gone up to Sabino Canyon. You've taken the hike. You've gone way up there where brother Bram said, "I got away from everywhere." Where is Elijah's prayer closet? Wilderness. Whether it's a cave or a mountaintop, he gets away from people. He said, "My excuse to to uh get away from people is hunting." You know how many times that he went up there and took his Bible and he quit hunting and he just read his Bible and he prayed. He wasn't even hunting and the presence of God would get so strong. He'd be there and here comes a deer. And the deer keeps getting closer. Don't you know I could shoot you? He's talking to the deer. Deer just keeps coming closer. What does this signify? Right? Because there's coming a time when the lion shall lay down with the lamb. There'll be a time there's coming a millennial reign. Wow. Yes. I've always, you know, you go to the zoo and you see the big lion. You see the big bear. How I've wanted to give that guy a big bear hug, kind of wrestle with him, come up there and take that lion and fluff up his mane. I've I've wanted to just befriend them. Amen. You do. You better not do that right now. No, no, no, no. You wait. You wait. You You will be able to do it, but not right now. That's why these guys that say we're in the millennium right now. We're in the Yeah. Go to the zoo. I'll go with you. [Applause] Brother Brennham, now God, what what are you doing with my administration? I've What are you doing? Do I go back into world evangelism? What are you doing? Are you taking me off? He goes way up there and he says, "All of a sudden, I'm praying. What does this vision mean?" He says there something hit my hand. Yeah. This is not a story. It's a reality. What is God doing with his prophet? He's commissioning. The first and second pull were attracting pulls. The third pull is not an attracting pull. You know what it is? It's separating. That's right. Third poll is an offensive pole. Does this offend you? Where could we go? You understand? He's up there in Sabino Canyon. What does it mean? He's already told Billy, Paul, Billy, I don't I'm not coming home. Take care of mom and the kids. He's in such physical determin sword hits his hand. He said, "I've always been afraid of a knife or a sword, but he said it fit my hand perfectly." Amen. That sword is a representation of a commission. Very good. Of a ministry. Now the third pole, the revealed word has been placed in his hand. And he says, "Is this a king's sword?" He said, "No, it's the king." He said, "A real servant is knighted." I want you to know he was an he was kned. Sir William Mary and Brandon. the knights of the round table. He was kned. I'm going to change that a little bit. Wasn't a round table. It was a pyramid. And there, my brother and sister, he said, "It's not the end." Go listen to the tape. He says, "It's not the end of my ministry." Right. It's the fulfillment. It's the vindication. Wait a second. Wait. I thought the hundreds of thousands there in Africa in Durban. Okay. And the different places were hundreds of thousands. And all of these people coming. And how about all of the services wherein brother Brennan preaches dynamic services thousands of people and people coming to Christ. Wasn't that the vindication? No, he hasn't entered into his position yet. Why? He's being led. He doesn't know. But visions are coming to him. People are telling him things. Visions, dreams are coming. People are seeing him as a as a chief on a white horse and I'll ride this trail one more time. How many you know he said that's a promise, right? And even I've talked to some says, "Well, he'll ride the trail one more time." I I'll tell you, brother Brennham says it three ways. Go back and look at it. He says, "I will ride this trail one more time." Then he says, "We will ride this trail one more time." Then he says another time, "She will ride this trail one more time." I want to ask you, which one's right? All of them. All of the above. It's one of those answers. It's a you check, check, check. It's all three. Why? Because who's writing the trail? I want to ask you, who's the prophet of the hour? Brother Brennham said, "The messenger is only a voice." He's a star messenger sent. He says, "But I got nothing to do with this message except a voice." He said, "There's something behind me." He says, "I have a gift to get myself out of the way." And he says, "And when I get myself out of the way, he speaks." Amen. Hallelujah. You've seen in the movies that they took of the prophet of God and the people come up under discernment. Come closer. That won't hurt you. Now, now, Brother Brennham is setting an atmosphere. Watch. He said, "Don't nobody even move. I don't want to anybody getting up out of their seat right now. He's gentle like a duh. And how many of you know Brother Brandon preferred to have the organ versus the piano? Why the why the difference? Because the piano is a percussion instrument. Only believe ding ding ding only. Ding, ding, ding, ding. If you had a dove up here, it was sitting right here and you went to play in this and it saw, what would it do? It's gentle. It's me. Well, if you had the dove sitting right here and you began to play, only believe. Only believe. See, it's not a percussion. It holds the presence. He said, "Now I take every spirit in this building here under my control for the glory of God." My Don't nobody move. Excuse me. Let me talk to you for just a moment. That's what Jesus did with the woman at the well. Yes. Yes. Exactly. Just a moment. Oh, I see you're not from here. I see you live in a city. It's got water around it. This and this. Yes. Yes. Just a moment. I see something more. You're not here for yourself. Are those things true? Brother Ram shakes himself. That wasn't me. Amen. He said, "All I did was vacate my mind for a moment and the Holy Spirit took over." God speaking to his child. Amen. [Music] How many times have you been in a service when the preacher is preaching? Yes. And all of a sudden you knew it was God. Amen. speaking to you. And yet that minister, God used his voice. He was speaking directly to you. You had a request. You had a certain thing on your heart and it was almost as though yes, he was looking into your back window or he had an opportunity to eaves drop on your conversation as you came to church. True. Brother Brennham now comes down off the the mountain and he's jumping from rock to rock. He's he's yelling me all the way down the valley. She can't hear him. Ma, ma, I'm not going to die. It's my ministry. It's the furtherance of my ministry. Amen. When he thought it was the end, it was the furtherance. Can you see the church age was ending? The church has put the word out. Christ on the outside knocking on the door trying to get back in. Right. But now he's entering into a ministry. And you look at it. I want to ask you, how long was the ministry of Jesus Christ from the time that he took the scroll? He said, "This day is this scripture fulfilled." He took the scroll and he found where it was written of him. Yes. Catch this. Now you too have got to go to the same scroll. Find your place where it was written of you. Behold, I send unto you. Somebody say, "That's me." That's me. I send Elijah. You want to know how Elijah preached? You want to know how he acted? Turn on the tape. Good evening, friends. Greet you in the lovely name of Jesus Christ. He didn't It wasn't all of this Hollywood show. It wasn't screaming and yelling all the time. Although there were times, but there were most of the times that he's just when you listen to the opening of the seals, my it's not all kinds of screaming and shouting. It's people listening, listening, trying to grasp what the revelation of the word was saying. So yet we have conditioned We have conditioned through ministry who want to work something up. What's the matter with you? Come on now. If you believe the word of God, somebody going to say, "Amen. Somebody going to move. If nobody moves, I'm going to move. If nobody jumps, I'm going to jump. I'm not going to let no devil take my place." And on like this. And pretty soon you get ready, you know. Oh yeah. Okay. We'll jump. Get up. How many of you believe and pretty soon you got like popcorn? True. people jumping up. Well, because the minister said, "Yeah, it's true." They asked, "Brother Brennham, don't you believe in jumping?" He said, "Yes, sir, I do." "Don't you believe in shouting?" "Yes, sir, I do." "Don't you believe in speak?" "Yes, sir." I do. I do. All these things, he said, "But I want to know where and what kind of life you live after you're done jumping and shouting." Amen. Because he said, "I'm afraid we get emotional and we get one another spirit." Yep. That's what he said. Amen. Instead of the Holy Spirit. Amen. That's good preaching. I've been in meetings where I saw such an anointing. Yeah. The ministers would take the microphone. I'm You don't need to make this live because it'd be too loud. Praise God. Hallelujah. This is the ceiling time. Be sealed of God. And the people fall over. They go over to this part of the there's probably 1,200 people. There's all kinds of anointing shouting and people hallelujah. to be sealed of God. And now another 150 people just fall over. I want to ask you on the day of Pentecost. What fell? What fell? Yeah. Did the believer fall? What fell? Holy Spirit. Then I want to ask you in the scripture when you see people fall under a spirit and are cast down, thrown into the water or into the fire or they're stripped naked, right? I command thee in the name of Jesus. Paul we know and Jesus we know who are you? Amen. Seven sons ofKeva Deliverance Ministries. Come on. Out here and casting all kinds of devils off of people. Oh, I believe in casting out devils, but more devils are cast out by the ministering of the word than the laying on of hands. Amen. He said, "I want to know where you live after you get done shouting." Amen. He said, "If you're not careful, you'll find yourself defeated, depressed. Come on." Well, I thought this was it. The minister told me, "You got it." Come on. Remember now when I went to a Pentecostal meeting and I I didn't know nothing and I want the Holy Ghost and that man who had long hair and a beard and he looked like Jesus and he said if you want the Holy Ghost come forward man I was the first one to hit the altar and I've told you before see my tie tie my tie he raised my hands Brother Mark, you know what he did? He took my hands. He raised them up. He said, "Praise God, brother. Just keep rejoicing. You got it. You got it. Come on. Just Just rejoice. You got it. Say, "You got it. I got it. I got it. I got it." I said, "Oh, God, I wanted it. I was sincere." Yeah. And you didn't give me the Holy Ghost. Come on. What happens when you get disillusioned? Yeah. And you didn't get Yeah. what you asked for and you get a little disappointed. Well, if God you're going to be like that, yeah, I ain't going to serve you. It was there I turned. I got seven times because the Bible says the house having been cleansed, right? Amen. The spirit cast out goes out into dry places and gets sick and others worse, right? Amen. And comes back. What happens? Enters back in because the house having not been filled. Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believe? Well, Brother Ron, I believe the message of the hour, and I've been told that that's the Holy Ghost because you say amen to all the word of God and and and that's it. And and and and and but I want to ask you personally right now, answer the question to yourself, have you received the Holy Ghost since you believe? And the Bible has said, "Well, we didn't know there was any Holy Ghost." Well, how were you baptized? Well, praise God, man. And I tell you, I was baptized by John. Yeah. But John's baptism was only under repentance. Yeah. Cuz John said, "There's one coming after me whose baptism is far greater." Amen. He'll baptize you with the Holy Ghost in what? Fire. Amen. Not just under baptism, unto repentance. I repent. Oh God, forgive me. I'm No. Have you received Let me let me say this. God does not seal the box car until the contents are in order. Amen. Justification, sanctification. Come on. All the way. Oh my. Here we go. Oh my. It's 12:00. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hebrews chapter 4. Let me just go a little further. That's okay. Hebrews 4:1. Let us therefore fear lest a promise being left us of entering into his rest. Jesus said, I want you to enter into my Sabbath. What is his Sabbath? Holy Spirit. Amen. I'll give you rest. Not as the world gives. Amen. Lest any of you should some seem to come short of it. For unto us was the gospel preached as well as unto them. But the word preached did not profit them. They didn't get any gain. There was no quickening. They heard it. Amen. It didn't do them no good. Yes. Amen. Not being mixed with faith. I want to ask you, with all of this message that you've been hearing, have you mixed it with faith? Wow. Faith. What is faith? Revelation. No matter how much you hear the gospel being preached, no matter how many times you go to church, no matter how many tapes and books you read and listen until there is a quickening by the Holy Spirit, it's nothing. It's only knowledge. Now, there's that's okay. I want you to get that because it's putting it on your hard drive right now. You that are technicians and technical, I want you to understand if you query something on a computer and the computer cannot find it on the hard drive. Yeah. It comes up with an empty search. Ain't found. Not there. doesn't compute. I'm so thankful that we are able today because there's been so many different doctrinal directions preached to the bride, right? Okay. You got to believe it this way. You got to believe it that way. You got, you know, all of these isms that have been grafted in How can you tell what kind of a grafted in branch it is? You wait until the fruit. Amen. And the fruit will tell you of what seed it is of. Right now, brother Brennham says in the revelation of Jesus Christ, seven church age book, the importance of revelation by the spirit to a true believer can never be overemphasized. Amen. Revelation means more to you than perhaps. Wow. You realize, wow, I didn't realize that. You young people, you older people, let's take all of us with all of the hearing of the message and all of these tapes that have been played and all the quotes that have been given. I want to ask you, is it a revelation to you or has it become just a religion? a dress, long hair, preach, brother. Huh? Yeah. Have we become the Amish of the end time? Yeah. Well, we just go to church and we believe this and we believe that. Our religion says when we have reduced this message down to Yes. creeds and dogmas. Yeah. It's lost the life. Sister Gloria Barker sits here. Her husband wrote that song. It's the life behind the name that makes the demons tremble. Amen. There's no more life. It's the life behind the name that makes the proud heart humble life behind the name. I just feel kind of deeply moved. Uh I I feel God is is here. Yeah. Honestly, sometimes I feel like I can't preach good enough. I'm unable. I don't have the words adequate. I kind of feel like brother Brennham said, I'm uneducated and I'm so inadequate. And yet I know that if you'll just yield yourself Yes. Amen. That when he comes by, when he comes by, do you know when he comes by? When you ask him. When you ask him. When was the last time you said, "Stay with me, Lord. Stay with me the hours far spent. And the Bible says, "And he made as though he would go further." And they said, "No, stay with us here." Two on the road to Emmas, and they didn't recognize him. There he was, the resurrected Lord Jesus, walking with them. And he beginning in the book of Moses all the way to the present day, he began to take the scriptures concerning himself. And yet they didn't realize it was him. Stay with us here. musicians if you come there he is sitting said okay I'll stay with you because you asked me to so he sat at the table and he blessed the bread and he break it how long was his prayer pray. You think it was a 30 or 40 minute orientation of what God's doing? Or was it Lord bless this bread I ask in your name? And when he when he took the bread and he break it, the bread he said, I am the bread of life which came down from heaven. Your fathers ate mana in the wilderness and everyone dead. Come eat. Take, eat. This is my body which is broken for you. This bread, take it and eat it in remembrance of me. Take this wine and drink it in remembrance of my blood. Thank you, Lord. That's why we take communion. And I will say this to all of you because all of you are here right now. Communion is an important service for you to take. When we have communion, all of you should be here. None of you. True. Should miss it. True. Why? It's your duty. Yes. [Music] And you say, "Well, Brother Ron, uh, I'm not in the position." Well, you sit there and you don't come through the line. You judge yourself and say, "Okay." And you stay. So then everyone will know, well, you better pray for them because they didn't they didn't take communion. They didn't judge themselves. Yeah. [Music] And when he took the bread, he blessed, didn't he? And when he did, and he broke the bread of life. It's him. It's him. [Music] And all of a sudden, this manifestation of Christ once they saw who he was, he goes back into that unseen realm. Yeah. You understand? There are many times in your life you're praying, you're reading, you're doing something and all of a sudden you become acutely aware he's here and your heart is smitten and you just go, "Oh, God, just stay with me for a moment." Those moments, let me tell you, you're getting an upgrade. Yes. At that very moment, God is moving on your heart. He's breaking down that stony heart, taking away the calluses of sin, taking away the cares of life, and God breaking it down. And for a millisecond, you are jettisoned up into a place called heavenly places. Hallelujah. In Christ Jesus. Hallelujah. But after he does that, it breaks right back into that realm of the unseen. Yeah. There'll be many times in your life. Yeah. God will reveal himself. It'll be so powerful. It'll be so quickly. Then all of a sudden, he pulls back. Where Where'd he go? Oh, if I could just live in that presence. Oh, if I could just stay there. One day you will. Amen. Lord, Enoch, are you listening? One day you will. You'll step into that vision. Why? Enoch, live by faith. And he was not for God. God took him. [Music] God calls for a total separation from unbelief. I've gone far enough this [Music] morning. God, [Music] move on. [Music] How many would like to have more of God in your life? [Music] If you want more of God, give him more of you. Make a sacrifice unto God. You are kings and priests unto God. Yes. Who are to make spiritual sacrifices [Music] here in God's house right now in his presence. Lord, just move on my heart. Amen. Forgive me of my carnality. Forgive me of my my humanness. I'm human. I tend to forget. Yes, I get caught up with work. I get caught up with my career. I get caught up with this and that and payments and what am I going to do? And he said, "Take no thought for tomorrow." Amen. He said, "Seek ye first." Yes. Amen. Seek ye first the kingdom of God, and all of these other things will be added unto you. Maybe you just been overburdened [Music] lately. You've been encumbered. Wasn't sin, right? No, you're not out there doing the things of the world, but the world is [Music] just the world is just creeping in on me. That which I want to do, I don't do. and I'm having a hard time. I need you, Father. You said that you would lead me and guide me into all truth. You said that if I would cast my cares on you, your yoke would be easy. Your burden would be light. Why am I so heavy? Right? It's because you know what? You haven't given him more of you lately. [Music] That's all. It's real simple. He just wants more of you. He wants more of your prayer life. He wants more of your worship. He wants more of your Facebook, of your Instagram, of your texting, of all of your internet and all of this stuff. And you spend all of this time trying to impress others and showing them where you're going and what you're doing. Who cares? [Music] Who cares? I just want to please him. Amen. Amen. In moments like these, I sing out a song. I sing out a love song to Jesus in moment like I lift up my hands. I lift up my hands to What do you want? Singing I love you most. singing I love you Lord. Singing I love you Lord. I love. Let's lift our hands as we sing it [Music] again. In moments like me, I sing out a song. I sing a love song to [Music] Jesus in moments like these. I lift up my hands. I lift up my hands to the Lord. Singing I love you Lord. singing I love you. Singing I love you. [Music] I love [Music] you. Come up here. This is in his presence, right? [Music] [Music] Jesus in moments like [Music] I lift up my hands to the Lord. Oh, say I love you, Lord. Saying I love [Music] you. Say I love you, Lord. [Music] in the presence [Music] of God all [Music] mighty praise. of peace. [Music] Rumbles heart are [Music] men in the [Music] presence of him. Oh, in the presence. [Music] He's here now. [Music] Jehovah God all might prince of [Music] peace from all Hearts are made in the [Music] praise of Sing it one more time. Oh, in the [Music] presence of Jehovah God Almighty. [Music] Trles fing hearts are made in the presence of what? [Music] Hello. [Music] Hello. How we long to worship you. Lord, l him. How we long to worship you, Lord. We come to you in worship. No matter what the serum stands, no matter what the situation, oh we will live a holy [Music] Hey, [Music] Elong to worship you. Well, oh, how we long to worship you, Lord. We come to you in praise no matter what may found. For we know you'll set us free if we lay our hands [Music] as him. How we long to worship you ever again. How we long to worship you. [Music] Wow. [Music] He's coming soon. Amen. The Pope and his administration is pulling all of the pieces together. Trump is trying to pull all of his pieces together. And you've noticed that he went over to the Arabs, Saudi [Music] Arabia. He's not a politician. He's a businessman. Now, if you want to read some very interesting quotes, go home, type in just the word Arabs. He said, "Watch when America goes over and makes friends with the Arabs." He said, "The next thing they'll do, they'll turn their back on Israel." Yeah. He said, "Watch, they go over and try to hold hands with the sons of Ishmael and they give them gifts and airplanes, all of this kind of stuff." And he says, "Watch, because now all these pieces are coming together." He said, "Look at this. When America starts going over there and they play their politics with the Arabs and here's Israel, did you forget Israel? Yeah. What about our support to Israel? One day we will." And he says, "When she turns her back, it's over then." That's it. They're getting ready over there. May the 7th, 1946, the same day that the angel of the Lord met brother Brennham in Greensmill and sent me out with this message. He said the same day that he says Israel became a nation, watch. It's all connected together. And when the Gentile dispensation is closing, there's another dispensation coming. It's to the Jews. And he says, "And when this bride goes up to two witnesses come down, and he says, "And then three and a half years." He said, "But the bride will be gone. She'll be in glory." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Come quickly, Lord. Amen. They're over there. They're wanting to rebuild the temple. But guess what? The gentile bride, they know what temple, what house will you build me? That's right. This is the temple. Not made with hands. God's perfecting temple worship right now in the bride. Amen. She is catching the revelation. She's beginning to to understand. She's moving. Amen. This bride of Christ is being moved by the Holy Spirit, she's coming into her position. And the prophet said, when the true bride, begins to catch a true revelation of who she is. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He said, watch this. Watch that third pull. Amen. Amen. He said, what you've seen manifested temporarily will come in the fullness of its power. Amen. Hallelujah. Lord, we come to you in worship. No matter what. No matter what the circumstance. No matter what the situation, we will lift the holy hand. [Music] How we long to worship you and love him. How we long to worship you, Lord. We come to you in praise. to you in your grace. No matter what they have us, we know you'll set us free if we lift our hands and sing. Lord, hello. How we long to worship [Music] you, [Music] Elong. Sing it one more time. Oh [Music] la, how we long to worship you. [Music] him. How we long to worship him. We fall down. We lay our crowns at the feet of Jesus. Amen. He's worthy of it all. We fall down. We fall down. We lay our crowns at the feet of [Music] Jesus. The greatness of his mercy and love at the feet of Jesus. Bright, holy, holy, holy, we cry, holy, holy, holy, we cry. Holy, holy, holy to the Lamb. And no more fears. We cried our tears at the [Music] feet of Jesus. His grace abounds to all who found the feet of Jesus. We cry holy, holy, holy. We cry holy, holy, holy. We cry. Holy, holy, holy is the lamb. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are here moving in our midst to worship you. I worship you. You are here working in this place. I worship you. I worship you. [Music] You are here in our midst. I worship you. I worship you. You are here working in this place. I worship you. I worship you. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. [Music] Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are here touching every heart. I worship you. I worship you. You are here healing every heart. I worship you. I worship you. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you [Music] are. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are here turning lives around. I worship you. I worship you. You are here in every heart. I worship you. I worship you. You are way maker, miracle worker, promise keep, light in the darkness, my God. That is who you are. Oh way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you [Music] are. Even though I can see you, you're working. Even though I can feel you, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. Never stop. Never stop working. Even though I can see that you're working. Even though I can feel that you're working, you never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even though I can't see you, you're working. Even though I can't feel you, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Way bigger miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. Give him praise. Glory. That is who you are. We thank you, Lord Jesus. You're a way maker and a miracle worker this morning. We love you. You're worthy of it [Music] all. You're worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. You're worthy of it [Music] all. You're worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things, and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. And all the saints and angels bow before your throne. All the elers cast their crowns before the lamb of God and sing he's worthy of it all. It all. You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory once again. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it [Music] all. For from you are all things and to you are all things you deserve. Let's sing it one time without the music. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. [Music] You're worthy of it all. Brother Steven Mcne worthy of it all. For from you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve the glory. Let's pray together. Heavenly Father, what an awesome privilege it was to be in your house, Lord, and to feel your presence, Father, to hear your word and to recognize the day and the hour in which we're living. Father, as we see all the pieces uh taking their position, Lord, we are also taking our position within the body. And I pray, Father, that you would give us courage to stand in this evil day, to stand in our position and to play our part, and to play it well. Father, this week as we have camp coming up, I ask for a a special time with the young people, Lord, even brother Steven Coffee and brother uh Matthew McGee. Lord, as as they as they set their face and their heart towards you this week, may you soften their spirits, Lord. Soften their hearts, Father. Give them a a word in due season, Lord, that that would prick the hearts of of every camper and young person that would attend our meetings. move in a special way. We pray, Father. And for our pastor this morning, thank you for him pouring out his heart to us. I ask that you would return strength and virtue to his body, Lord. Father God, we'll be sure to give you all the honor, the glory, and all the praise for it only belongs to thee. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Just a reminder, if you need a ride up to the to the camp, you're a young person, they have some spots, talk to brother Steven about that. And if you have bags on the bus at 6:45 Wednesday, have your baggage here. Amen. As we go to sing, take up your cross, follow him. Amen. Oh, take up your cross and follow Jesus. Take up your cross every day. Don't be ashamed to say that you know him. Count him because you take up your cross and follow him. I'll take up my cross. I'll take up my cross and I'll follow Jesus. I'll take up my cross every day. I won't be [Applause] ashamed to say that I know him. out of the cross. Take up my cross. Follow me and go in Jesus name. You are [Music] dismissed. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Glory to you. [Music] Jesus Christ. [Music] Oh, you [Music] Oh, hey. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Drink [Music] it. Heat. Heat. [Music]
