################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-02 - Evening Light Fellowship - Camp Baptism 2025 - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-02
Title:   Evening Light Fellowship - Camp Baptism 2025
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Evening Light Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1fHkF9LPJvc
========================================

I just did it. Nothing. No, just YouTube. It says I'm live. [Music] Audio. Audio. Audio. You name He has shall [Music] be sweet [Music] This is on. Just come here. Is this you getting baptized? Praise the Lord. Let's just stand right here. And we would We're so proud of you guys for making this choice and and dedicating your life to God. And uh the Bible says, "Let the redeemed of the Lord say so." And so we would just like you to take, you know, one at a time of why you've made this decision and what God has done for you at this My name is Sharon and um before I used to not um believe that there was a God. Like I would come to church and stuff but like I would just be sitting there like rolling my eyes be like no none of this is real. um there's no such thing as dog and stuff like that. And then I was planning on coming to camp but then I I don't know I was like never mind I don't want to come but then I got sponsored like last minute I was like okay maybe this is like you know something telling me like you know you should go to camp and so when I came to camp I prayed before and I was like if there is actually a god maybe something's going to happen during this camp and then on the first day I was like sitting there and I was scared to like raise my hands and I was like you know what let me just raise my hands you Praise the Lord. And I like started tearing up. And ever since then, I was like, "Yeah, I want to give my life life to God." Hallelujah. [Applause] Um, my name is Gracia and um I' I've always known that that Jesus is always with me and even if the hardest moments, he's always been my [Music] comforter. And I've always had um well just like two weeks ago I had a feeling in my heart that I needed to get baptized and my parents told me to do it. And I wanted to wait till my dad did it. But a sister from church, she told me when I had a feeling in my heart I should do it and I shouldn't wait. And I already knew before I came here that I wanted to get baptized and receive the Holy Spirit. And um since Wednesday um Jesus just spoke to me and um through the preacher and and I just love being in his presence and being in the house of the Lord and and I just love him so much and I want to praise him every day of my life. Amen. And yes. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. And for those of you who would like to give uh you know a quick testimony after we do the baptisms if you would like to make your way up here. We would love to hear your testimony of what God has done for you at camp. And now as we as we go and and and and we do this, it's a commandment of the Lord that for us to repent and to be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. And so we see that the Holy Ghost is given after repentance and baptism. Amen. And so baptism does not save us. But baptism is an outward expression of an inward work of what God has done in your hearts. And so what you're saying to everybody here is you're saying I want to have it baptizes you into fellowship with the church. And the baptism of the Holy Ghost baptizes us into the body. Amen. So now you're saying, "Satan, I'm making my stand. I've repented of my sins and I'm moving forward with the commandments of God." And we're just so very pleased and proud of both of you. Amen. Sure. Let's let's all pray together. Father, Lord, we come before you here. We have two dear souls, Lord, that Lord, you thought of before the foundations of the world. And you ordained this time and this day for them, this moment, Father, that they would come to recognize you and recognize the finished work of Calvary and want to, Lord, take the next step in their faith. I pray, Father, bless them abundantly. Give them strength for the journey, Lord, and power, Lord, to fight the battles that lay ahead. We ask it for thy kingdom's glory in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. need a couple brothers after she's baptized to help her You're going to want to stay. [Applause] Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Praise the Lord. anybody else like to say, I want to take my stand. I've already done so. Amen. Amen. Those of you that have a testimony, brother Elijah, where are you? Come on up here, my brother. tell you about something the Lord has done in my life last year and a half. Uh for those of you who don't know about a year and a half ago I was diagnosed with cancer and I was completely healed up with cancer and I was I went through you know few times and first time it didn't work and second time he was doing better but you know in the end God and I'm not trying to throw off medicine I believe that stuff works but in the end I believe that he was God forgive me. And I just want to thank God for giving me a second chance because what I realiz is not a lot of people get a second chance and I was one of those people that were able to have a second chance and it's really just an honor to be able to stand here 100% cancer free. [Applause] I just like to thank brother Ron because I know him and his assembly were aware of the situation and prayed for him extensively. And also my friends, you know, there's verse in the Bible when those man couldn't get to Jesus. Yeah. They lowered him down to Jesus so he could. That's right. I'm just so thankful for them. But yeah, it's really an honor to be able to give this testimony. Praise God. That God is still alive and his word is still the same that by his stripes we are healed. Amen. There's a couple of sisters I believe that wanted to give a testimony. Just come forward now. There you go. Yeah. Don't waste no time. Just just walk up here and get in line. That way we can we can get through. Hello, I'm Flo Peterson and I wrote down this quick testimony that I wanted to share with you from my weekend at camp. Um, I would like to share this testimony with you all. I very enjoyed the ministry this weekend and it all went right in line with what I was going through. I came to camp with an expectation of a furtherance in my relationship with God and to know more of him and to just really experience the Holy Spirit. And I knew within myself that that was only possible if I let go and go allin because in the past I had gotten prayed for and I would just go back to what I had gone prayed for and it was just like a revival of death and I was just so done with it and I wanted to just give everything back to God and brother Matt and brother Steve encouraged me to dig out the things holding me back and across the river on Saturday night. I was so angry with the devil for holding me back from my blessing by tormenting my thoughts and doubt with doubt and uncertainty. Um that is when I felt led to ask for help and be prayed for. I have never experienced God's presence so strongly in my life. It's I it's so unexplainable. Half of this half of the time I don't even remember what happened. All I know I'll always remember is just saying thank you and thank you over and over and for healing me cuz I I knew exactly when I got healed and it's what and it's when I said I'm healed in Jesus name because in his name everything is possible and when I claimed my healing in Jesus's name I I knew exactly that's when that spirit left me and I and I just had a smile on my face because I was delivered and I have never experienced God's presence so strongly in my life. And as I was praying, I was claiming my healing and exposing the devil. When you expose the devil, he has nothing else. He has no he has no authority over you. And when you get mad at him, you expose him, he gets scared and he and he backs away. And I went all in and I gave everything I had to the Lord. I claimed my deliverance in Jesus' name. I felt the Holy Spirit wrap its arms around me and I felt Jesus deliver and deliver me because in that moment I remember that in the name of Jesus all things are possible. In that moment I went all in. I went back up to sing as a free daughter of God. To all the glory be to him. Thank you. [Applause] Um God bless you all. I just wanted to share short a short testimony. And this may be a simple testimony, but to me it's powerful and it's a gift from God. I believe he deserves all the glory because he has done something so special in my life during last night's service. And I'm here to testify and confess that God has changed me. And I can boldly claim that the devil doesn't have a hold on my life. And I'm here to give him all the glory and the praise. Amen. [Applause] Um, I felt like too serious. So, before camp, I got a hold of some really bad food poisoning and was really sick. Sicker than I've ever been. I didn't know if I would be able to go to camp. I was I lost like 9 lbs from being sick. And I was like, you know what? No. I'm not going to let the devil get in the way of me going and getting a good experience with the Lord. And I gave it to God and I said, take it away. And instantly the devil came and attacked because I claimed it. And he was like, "No, no, you're going to be sick. You can't go." And I kept on claiming it. And I felt God take it out of me. And I was I just knew that I would be okay. And I got to go to camp. And then the first service I came to, I feel I felt so strongly in my heart that he gave me desires in my heart. And I got blessed with the Holy Ghost. And that night the devil took his chance and tried to fill me with doubt and I kind of started waking and I just was like maybe you didn't get maybe maybe it was maybe it was just emotions and you didn't get anything and then I was talking to my friend Daniel and he was like the devil's going to attack you harder than when you when you get something and he's going to tell you you don't have it and I was like that's right I'm going to claim it and I claimed it and I believe 100% I'm b got the baptism of the Holy Ghost and I'm a new changing person. I'm really thankful that God changed my life and was able to have this opportunity to come to this camp and I thank all of the ministers and everybody that preached. It felt like every single message was preached directly to me. It was for me and it just blessed my heart so much and all talked about everything I was going through and I was in hard I was having a hard time with and I just thank you all so much and thank everybody that put this camp together made this possible. Y truly amazing people. [Applause] Hi. Um, I just wanted to share how much coming to these youth camps have helped me and it just really changed my life. And I remember before I started coming to these camps, um, I dealt with this really bad depression and loneliness and I was just for like 8 years. never really talked about it with anyone. And then in that I would just cry and cry and I would even suicidal thought sometimes pray that God would take me anymore. But I remember around that time um some of our friends told us about this camp and and I was just thinking this camp won't change me and I was wrong and I got baptized right after coming to this camp and I'm no longer bound by those thoughts the devil tried to put in my head and I always remember this song called um I'm going to say a victory cuz the battle belongs to you Lord and hearing this song just helped Thank you so much. And I'm just so blessed for all the friends I've made here. I truly believe they were God sent and just have been so encouraging to me and I'm so thankful for them. Amen. [Applause] Um I have grown up in this message all my life, but I never really understood I guess exactly what it was. Um um I have gone to secular schools, Christian schools, but they're all denominational and everything. And I would always get taught different things. So I would learn more and more about different worldviews like, oh, they believe this, they believe that. And I started thinking um and I started thinking what do I believe? I know that I just started thinking like um maybe I'm just going to take what I'm just going to take what my family believes. I'm not 100% sure, but I'm going to try. So, um I have been stuck in this loop, I guess. Um all I'm going to take from here, I like this whatever from this world view. Oh, I like this one. Man, I've been trying so hard to find the Lord recently. And I guess I could say that when it comes to someone asking me like, "Oh, well, what does this person believe? Like, what does this um world, what is this worldview? What is this?" and I can say stuff right off the bat. But then as soon as I get the question like, "Oh, well then what do you believe?" I was just stuck there. I didn't know. So I started really wanting to find the Lord recently. And when I came to these camps, um I've been going here for 3 years, I believe. Every single time they would preach something and I'd be like, "Yes, that's the truth. That's the truth." But in my heart, I was just numb. I couldn't feel anything. I didn't see anything changing. And sometimes it seemed like it was getting worse. But um I think it was yesterday when we had the questions and answers because I'm the kind of person that likes to give answers. If you ask me a question, I will try my best to answer you the way that I know it's like right on. And I don't like asking questions all that much. So yesterday I felt compelled um to go and I asked you brothers. Um I asked way too many questions. Um, but I was really blessed on how they kept trying to answer me with their whole heart and kept pointing me back to scripture. Amen. And when they have been preaching these past days, like, oh, um, it's not you're not just going to have a feeling. It's not based off of emotions and everything. That really touched me because like I said before, I felt like I was just going numb. And during the service yesterday, this is going to sound really bad, but I did not feel anything. Like at first, I was feeling something beside me. I was feeling the presence of God. But then as the service went on, I just started going numb. Like I couldn't feel anything. And it felt like I was just stuck in time. like I and I was really struggling then and around the time I got to my cabin early, I wasn't sure what was going on. I was just upset at myself while I was saying everyone praise the Lord and everything and I just didn't feel anything. I was just on the sidelines. So, I got mad at myself. I was beating myself up for last night. I was up till like 2 something in the morning. I'm just like, why God? Why can't I feel why can't I feel your presence around me? Everyone here has a testimony and nobody here is praising the Lord and I'm just here not feeling anything at all. But that's when I kept getting reminded it's not just the feeling. It's not just the emotion. And the devil was putting my thoughts like, "Oh, you didn't feel anything. Everyone was praising the Lord. They were crying. They were at the altar. Some of them were just singing their heart out to God. And while we weren't doing anything, you were quiet. You were listening. That was just it. You couldn't feel anything. So this is your fault. You're not Hey, you're not worth anything. And when I started getting reminded about what the brother was saying before, um, that if you have those thoughts and everything, that's just the devil trying to get at you. The devil's trying to get at you. The devil's trying to make you disbelieve. So this morning, I was really searching for something. I still hadn't felt anything, I guess. And Um, by the endish of the service, I felt something right beside me just say, "It's going to be okay. You know me. You know me, my daughter. I know you, too. It's going to be okay. If you want to, come pray to me. You haven't been speaking to me in a long time. Come pray to me, my child. Come talk to me." and the service today. I it was really a blessing. Um, God bless you. Um, so I think it was like around last year when I decided that I wanted to like really truly take my relationship with the Lord Jesus Christ seriously. Um but the thing is that I was like still in school and um I was also working at the same time and so honestly with school and being at work I didn't I couldn't come to church as often as I wanted to. But then I decided cuz it just it got to a point where I was like kind of sick and tired of it. I was like I don't want this any longer. I kind of just really want to pursue the Lord. So, I decided I was going to graduate early and I was going to quit my job and stuff like that so that I could like find something else that wouldn't have me working on Sundays and stuff. So, I did do that and then in and that was like around December, right? And so, in January, um it just felt like life came crashing down. I honestly thought that like it was going to be all better, you know, cuz I was going to spend all this time with Jesus and all this, but life just like it just came crashing down. I got like some really horrible news at the hospital and so like I had been dealing with a couple of um you know physical health issues and then there was also like mental health issues and just like all these things and um also it was kind of hard to like find a job that wouldn't um what's it called you know let me work on Sundays and stuff and that was like my main thing I told myself that I don't care if I'm desperate for money or whatever the Lord's going to provide. side, but I need to not work on Sundays. And um but yeah, so like I had been kind of struggling with money and stuff and then I was like, you know what? Like you know, camp was coming up and I was like, I'm just going to use my tax refund for camp, but what's it called? It didn't go through and what's it called? Cuz I needed to do like a verification. So I was like, I don't know what I'm going to do, you know? I was like um very like disheartened. And then um when I was at church and randomly I had a conversation with the brother and stuff and then he had like offered me a job and stuff and um so for like the two weeks I was working with him like it was enough to cover for camp but other issues started arising, right? And so I had to kind of decide what I was going to use my money for. And then I had told myself like I had to remind myself the money that I had worked hard for was for camp. So I was going to use that and then the Lord was going to provide in all the other areas. And praise the Lord that he did. But it was weird because like I was I don't know. I was just really um down in the dumps. Come to your testimony. Okay. Sure. Okay. Um but yeah, so I was like really down in the dumps and um uh what's it called? I just I remember I was just like talking to the Lord cuz it felt like he wanted me to go deeper but like I didn't know exactly what he meant by that. And then come here to camp. um the brother, you know, he was talking about like, you know, you standing in the, you know, the river and stuff and then you kind of have to decide for yourself whether you're going to like, you know, go forward or you're just going to like stand there and stuff. And then I decided that I was just going to go deeper and stuff. And then honestly, with the help of my friends Gi and Gracia and uh Lisa, um they've been such a testimony in my life and stuff. Oh, yeah. Hi, I'm Miles. Um, some of y'all know me. I've been to like camps before and I feel like I got in the victory, you know, and um I just go back and do the same things over and over and I beat myself up, you know, and I just what brother Matthew was talking about just um like you will make mistakes. It's like you just got to get back up, you know? Mhm. And I realize that now and you just fil refilled me with the Holy Ghost and um just really felt great. On Friday night, I went up for prayer and I got down on the altar and it was just amazing. And Saturday night um Saturday night um I was like I got what I came for and I just like not like turned off my ears but like I was just like wasn't looking for anything else you know and um when you called us up on the stage I um I liked your testimony. Um, I just I saw Libby in the back and I really just had rooting for her and I saw we were praying with brother Matthew and Grace was too and I just started to pray for them and I just broke down cry. I'm sorry. Um, and it's just you can just feel the presence. And I just thank all of like the helpers and all the ministers. Thank you for your sacrifice and all that. Hi. Um, for those who don't know, I'm Sophia. Um, I grew up in a messaged like household. Um, and around 20 my parents got divorced and um my mom stopped coming to church and a lot of my family like my brother started drifting back away um and I thought that like that wouldn't really stop me from like um like reverting to God but um I had to live with my dad for a couple years um and my new stepmom wasn't really like good influencing um and I went through a lot I was only like I was like emotionally, physically abused by like my dad. Um and I kind of felt like why would that happen to like a daughter of God, but um I was kind of figuring out like why would that happen to a daughter of God? And maybe I was like maybe I'm not connected as well to God as I am or like as I should be cuz I was growing up like um in a message household. So, I started doubting myself a lot and I started doing really bad things that I really regret. And I was thinking if I came to church, I'm not like like I just sit there and I feel like I'm like um I'm like raising my hand and singing and praying and I'm not doing like all I can for God. And when I got baptized um it was like a really bad experience because my my dad was there so it didn't make it better. But after that I felt like why did I get baptized like so many of the same things. Um so but um last last night for service I felt um something in my heart and I was like the devil's like holding me back from a lot of the things that I should have hold me back from a lot of things like praising the Lord and I felt like why is he holding me down with these burdens that have happened years ago cuz I've been having a lot of night tears. nightmares and night terrors um and like voices in my head and still telling me like like reminding me of the things that have happened and I'm saying I should forget those things because I should revert to God and God knows God knows what like would be best for me and it's best to move on cuz it's not happening anymore and I'm not seeing it anymore and I'm trying to surround myself with good people and I'm just trying to focus like by myself trying to find my own way because I don't really have the best support system right now. But um coming to camp was really weird. Um I feel like this year I've really been like um making really good friends and good connections and really being closer to God and um talking to my pastor. Talking to my pastor really helped me. And um I feel like I'm trying to find my own way. And last night I really um felt a connection to God and I feel like I'm I'm going to be close to him from now on. Hallelujah. Help me last night, sir. Amen. [Music] Hello. My name is My name is Isaac. Most of you probably don't know me. I'm from Ohio. But, uh, so I've been going to college for two years now. And, uh, last year I really felt myself, uh, farther away from God. Felt like The devil was talking to me. He's telling me stuff like, "You're you're still a reformed Christian. You're not meant to be anywhere near God. You're you're just going to go to hell and you're not meant to be with the others." And I sort of let that control my life for a long time. And then soon as when uh I got out for summer break, I started going back to my original church because During the during college, I I let the control me was just watching stream. I was streaming a bunch of services. I wasn't going to church as much as I should have. I was starting to let really control my life. And then when I got back to when I got back home and started going with my family, I really felt I really felt the Lord start pulling back on my heart. And I felt that I felt like I really needed to get back with the Lord and do more for him. So, I started trying to make up my own plan of how I was going to turn my life around and I was going to become this really a strong and fit Christian and do everything right. And I kept trying and I kept failing and failing and then I um the past few and then the past few weeks I started to realize that that I'm not doing this right. my preacher started to preach about it and then and then we started coming here and the services have during the first service on Wednesday night that I went to uh the church. I forget the name of the church. But um fellowship, eating like fellowship, I mean when he started talking about not just being a servant and trying to actually following the Lord, that really just touched my heart and it made me want to just commit more and more and start praying more for him. And then as we came here, I I thought that I don't know if I'm going to really get to draw closer to him here. I mean, there's a lot of people here I don't know. And everybody everybody's off doing their own thing. I'm just alone. And the devil kept making me doubt like, you're not going to get anything out of this. You're going to go back and it's going to be the same way. And then when we had the then when we had the service with brother Matthew McGiri, he really God really spoke through him and touched my heart and it made me want to just keep drawing closer and closer. made me realize all these doubts that I had and all the things that I've let the devil manipulate me into thinking and all the things that I've just not been doing right and it made me want to keep drawing closer to the Lord. And I got down at the altar and I I prayed that the Lord would just take control of my life and that I'd stop trying to make my own plan and do stuff my own way and that he would take full control of my life so that I could finally overcome the devil and all the things that he's done for me. that I started to realize that the Lord had really touched me as I kept going through these services and realized more and more that I was able to write down because when I was at home, I would just write down like occasionally a couple things from the service and wasn't paying too much attention. Now, when I came here, I was trying to write down everything. It really felt like the Lord was trying to write out exactly what I needed to do. Every single thing the preacher said was really touching my heart. And every single time, every single service, I felt like I was the double in. And then I'd come to the service and the preacher would just preach about what I did wrong and what I need to do to be better. I need to pray more. I need to really listen to more tapes. I need to read the Bible more and draw closer to the word and to the Lord. And I want to thank the brothers here. And I want to thank God especially for just staying with me throughout all this time and not giving up on me. And And especially when the preacher said that God still loves you. It was the Saturday morning service that really just touched my heart. And I that was one of the first times I really felt emotional in church. It just really felt like God was trying to tell me that I that he still loves me and that he really wants me to worship and draw closer to him. And I want to thank him. And I want to thank all the wonderful pastors here. It was such a gift from God to let me to preach to me. Thank you [Applause] all. Hello. My name is AA and my testimony starts a few years back when diagnosed with um fat foot syndrome. It's um when the foot has no arc and does makes that I'm not able to take be on my feet for a long period of time standing up for even just for a few minutes. My feet start to hurt really bad. I asked brother a few years back if he had pray for me. We did. And then I got better. And then a few months after that, I I started the pain started coming back. And um when I came to this camp, I asked brother to pray for me again on Friday. And Saturday, we had all the events and everything. We went like I I went to the volleyball the sand volleyball and normally I wouldn't be able to play uh due to the to my diagnosis. And um I I said I'll just uh play for a few minutes and see if my feet um start to hurt and I did and it started to hurt really bad and some some sisters wanted me to continue playing because they were going to start to make teams. But I just I couldn't stand for much longer. I needed to find a place to sit down until I uh and the devil just kept going to attack me saying, "See, you're not really healed. You know, you got prayed for multiple times and you haven't been healed yet." But then I just like started um believing those thoughts until another thought came to me saying but uh like where's your faith? You can pray for it twice and you you get like better but then you start dallying where's your faith? So I went back to the silence volleyball and um they had already made teams and um I After a lot of the games had been played, I got put on a team and I they I played for a few more minutes and then it was time for the choir and in the choir uh I had to stand for a long period of time and I asked um Joe love all if I could lean on him and being the best friend he is. I could and I was able to rest for for a while while I was practicing to the choir. And then um uh Saturday evening when we were just singing um I was hoping that my feet wouldn't start hurting and I was able to like go through the whole song without any problems with my feet. And even right now I was standing over there and I have I I have no pain. God has healed up. Hallelujah. Thank the Lord for it. Thank you, Lord. Praise the Lord. This will be our last two here. Thank you. Hello, my name's Hannah. Um, I've been going through a lot of stuff in my life that been affecting me a lot and making me look God. Um, I've been suffering from suicidal thoughts and more. I've been getting prayed for a lot and brother Ron has prayed for me. I've been getting help. It's just really hard for me to do it. I always have doubts that God's not working on me and that I just shouldn't be here. Um yesterday in the service, it really touched me and it meant a lot to me that people here cared for me, especially my friends and um sister Caitlyn. She was a big help. Um um I just cried to the Lord yesterday and sang my heart out to him and I just felt a presence over me with him just saying it's okay and I'm here for you. Bless you. [Applause] You belong here. This is family. That's right. I didn't want to be the last one. Um I just want to thank the ministers, brother Matt, Brother Steve, for just letting them be used of the Lord and for making the spirit so welcome for us. Um, I've been to a lot of services like this over my life where I pray and I cry and I go to the altar and I believe I'm delivered and I believe that all the things that I go through are gone and a week later I'm doing the same things, thinking the same things and bitterness comes back and unhappiness comes back and doubt and Brother Master, you're talking about looking at that root [Music] issue about what's really the problem of of what you're dealing with. And usually when I pray about these things, I just pray about like recent events or or things that come to mind. And I just started digging up stuff that I I hadn't even realized I've been harping for like nine years. I felt his presence so strong last night and I've such an encouragement. I've all my life I've I've felt so lonely and the devil's gotten in my head telling me that there's no one there's no friends. There's no one to to comfort me. And when I go up there and I pray and I have all these brothers praying there with me, combining their faith is just it confirms to me that I'm not alone. I have so many friends here that I love. Elijah and Joe, Nathaniel, Jonah, that that dude right there, I don't know your name, but held my full body weight on Friday night. You're a legend, dude. I'm so thankful for God. I I know I'll go back tomorrow to work and the rest this week and the devil's going to hit me hard with the same trials, but I can face them with a new found confidence that maybe even if I fail, I there's going to be one of these days where I'm going to get up and say, "Not this time." Because I believe there is a new nature change. And I'm just hoping for the Lord for that. Praise the Lord. There's no testimony without a test. Amen. So, over here at the this gazebo is lost and found. If you guys have a pillow missing or whatever missing, that's where you're going to find it. And brother Israel has something to say. Achievement.
