################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-02 - Pursuing - Bro Stephen Coffey - Evening Light Fellowship Camp 2025 - Stephen Coffey.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-02
Title:   Pursuing - Bro Stephen Coffey - Evening Light Fellowship Camp 2025
Speaker: Stephen Coffey
Church:  Evening Light Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K242ba-C9y4
========================================

[Music] time. Hallelujah. Let's worship the Lord this morning. My hope is in the Lord. From this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. God is good and all the time. God is good. Amen. You may take your seats. Praise the Lord. Wow. Here we are already. Our last service of ELF camp. Have you all enjoyed it so far? Yes. You know what? We've enjoyed serving you guys. You've been such uh a pleasure to be with at camp. You've been respectful. You've followed the rules, but most importantly, you've you've entered into worship. you've entered into the word and for us as part of the ministry here at ELF that just encourages us so very much. So, thank you each and every one of you. Thank you for coming. And uh we'd like to thank brother Matt uh McGaryi for the services that he took. Also, let's give Brother Matt a [Applause] hand. Yeah. Yeah. Brother Matt, man, he poured out his heart last night in the the last few services and uh we certainly appreciate that. Brother Matt, the Lord bless you richly. And um we have a few announcements here this morning. We got a very special announcement this morning. And uh we'd like to wish uh Sister Monica and and brother Mike, you'll love all a happy 34th anniversary. So let's give them a big hand. [Applause] Yeah. Praise the Lord, Aunt Monica and Uncle Michael. They're the best. Okay, what do we got here, brethren? Okay, pack up before breakfast. You all did awesome. No sports today. We've already been through breakfast. Now we have service and um lunch at 12:00 p.m. camp closing awards. And right after that, we'll have baptisms also. Um, if you are intending on getting baptized, uh, please make sure that you have a a change of clothes with you and um, that you have your towel. Also, we have a few extra towels out there, but if you could uh, unpack your towel if you already packed it, that would be great. Um, what else do we have here going on? Oh, we have our offering box here. So, after we're done with our announcements, we'll have the brethren uh, play a song here. will sing. And uh if you have it on your heart to give an offering for the brothers, that would be that would be amazing. It's just a a token of your gratitude for the time and the effort that Brother Matt and Brother Steve has put into these services. I'm sure they would appreciate it. They can buy their family lunch or something, you know. It's real nice. Real nice. Have I missed anything? Um you know what? I might as well just go ahead and and and just say all the thank yous. I would like to thank our musicians. Let's give them a [Applause] hand. Yeah. Headed up here by brother Justin Dubsky. I think they just did an excellent job. And you know, you don't think about it. These these guys, everybody takes it for granted. You see a song special. Well, they're here the whole time practicing with the song specials before the song special and all we see is the song special, but they're putting in the effort and all the work. And uh God bless you guys for your for your service. [Applause] And all of the counselors, young couples who are counselors, stand to your feet, please. guys. Uh Bethany, come on. Come on. Stand up. We want to acknowledge you guys. Give them all. I am so glad that they came cuz it is Uncle Michael. He's so happy. He's like sure sure acting like it. And uh, of course, we'd like to thank brother Ron and Sister Sandy for the vision. Let's give them a [Applause] hand. You know, uh, Brother Ron is is is 72 years old and, uh, and he still has a vision for the young people and um, and he's still relatable with the young people and that's something very special that we have at our church. God bless you, brother Ron. Sister Sandy, thank you for all of your efforts. We certainly appreciate it. Love you very much. And um uh James Loveval, he's probably not even in here. Where's he at? James, come here. Come here. Come on in here. Is it Mary or Martha? Which one was always serving? James, come on up here. Give James a hand. [Applause] Say a little something. Oh, I don't need We just trust you had a a good time at camp. You were truly blessed by the services and we trust that you just take what you've heard, what you've experienced home with you. The battle's raging. You've heard it from the ministers that you're called to a called to a battle. It's not going to be a picnic. It's not easy. You know, we come to camp, we're surrounded by one another. You get on a camp high, but whenever you go home, that's where it's going to hit. You come here, you make a stand for Christ, you stand on your experience, but when you go home, that's when the Satan's going to come. And whenever he tempts you, that's when you're going to overcome. You came here and you said, "I'm going to overcome. I overcame. my over. He's going to go back. When you go back, he's going to tempt you. And that's when you put everything that you've learned here into into action. And I do want to personally say thank you to all the counselors that have helped. There's some that have um made a greater sacrifice or a bigger step. And I would like to recognize Sister Ashlin. Give her a nice hand. She's done all the meals. There's a lot of organizing that goes behind the scenes. And I always say, young people, if it's for one life to be changed, I'd do it all again. Just for one life to be touched. You don't understand the eternal value of things that you've done here. We trust that you were blessed, that you go home, and that your parents notice that there's something different about you. When they ask you, "How was camp?" Yeah, you can say, "It was good. It was good." But the one thing that they're going to notice is your walk. If your walk is different, Jacob, listen, when he came into the presence of God and he was touched by and he wrestled with God, how did they know he was different? It was by his walk, the limping prophet. And that's how people are going to notice that your life was changed is your walk from this day forward. God bless you. We love you in the Lord. And safe travels [Applause] home. Praise the Lord. Yeah. Brother James is the the camp director, so I wanted to give him the opportunity to say a little something. Let's stand to our feet. We're going to sing thanks. Thanks. And if you want to come up, just come on up and set your set your offering in there. And we're just going to sing here and give thanks onto the Lord. Thanks. Is that the right song? I give you thanks for all you have done. [Music] I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. Let's give him praise this morning. Praise. Praise. I give you praise for all you have done. [Applause] I am so blessed. My soul has fallen. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] I give you thanks for all that you have done. And I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. One more time. Thanks. Thanks. Oh, thanks. Thanks, Lord. I give you thanks for all you have done. And I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. Amen. And it's good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. We do have a number of of song specials this morning. So, we'll try to get into those those shortly. If we could just sing See the Bright Light Shine. If our brother Zach Paige would come up, he's got a testimony and he's got a song and if you could open the service for us. Oh, see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. Oh, I can see my father standing at the door. This world's in a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Oh, I've never been this home. Sing. Sing it again. I see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. And I can't see my father standing at the door. This world's in a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. And I've never been this home sick before. Brothers, I can bless you. Man, God bless you guys this morning. I How many believe that a Christian is supposed to testify and sometimes we're meant to be more than just a testimony to the world, but just a testimony to each other. So, I just wanted to uh share my experience last night that the Lord came by and just gave me a huge refilling of the Holy Spirit last night. And I'm just so thankful for that. And we were all up here kind of standing up here and you guys were all there obviously and uh singing in the choir and I saw Libby Saunders. She went to the back and uh was having brother Matt pray for her and I just really entered it and I really felt a burden on my heart just for Libby and then as soon as I just I saw Libby was getting touched and I just had a burden for her the spirit just fell on me right then and like I've never felt it before and just like almost collapsed on the ground and it was just such a special time for me and it's like you don't want to base it on emotions but for me I'm not a very emotional person in general so just feeling that emotion it was just kind of like a confirmation like the Lord like showing me like I'm here for you. And I just had a wonderful time with the Lord last night. And I had a song on my heart from the second service of camp that just I mean this is my sixth year at camp. And just over the years, it's like the children of Israel in the promised land. You don't get it all at once. And just looking back at all the things that the Lord has done through me at this camp and just it's been such a blessing in my life. So, uh I wanted to sing the little song. It is no secret. [Music] There's no secret what God can do. What he's done for others, he'll do for you. With arms wide open, he'll pardon you. It is no [Laughter] secret what God can do. There's no secret what God can do. What he's done for [Music] others, he'll do for you. His arms wide open. He'll part you. It is no secret what God can do. All right, let's all bow our heads together. Dear heavenly father, Lord, thank you God for this time that you've allowed us to have, Lord, and just all the efforts and all the people that have put in. Lord, as brother James said, it's all worth if one's soul is touched. And Lord, thank you, Father. I believe I was one of those souls that was touched this weekend. And Lord, we're just so grateful and thankful, Lord, and just have so much love in our hearts for you and just one another, Father. And Lord, I pray you just be with this service, Lord. there's one more person, Lord, that just needs a touch from you, Father, that they would be able to see, Lord, what he's done for others, he can do for them, Father. And Lord, that you would just come by them one more time and just give them a little nudge if that's what they need. And that you just be with the remainder of this service and with brother Steven and his message and just all the rest of the activities for the day that you just be a part of it. In your name we pray. Amen. Amen. Thank you. Bless you. Amen. If we could have um Sister Adeline and her group make her way up for their song special. Let's just sing that song. Ain't God good? He gives us so many blessings. Oh, ain't God good? He gives us so many blessings. Undeserving. That's what we are. We ought to thank him. Love and praise him a little more today and a whole lot more tomorrow. God gives us so many blessings. That's what we are. We are to thank him. Love and praise him a little more today and a whole lot more tomorrow. One more time. Ain't God good? To give us so many blessings underving. That's what we are. We got to thank him. Love and praise him a little more today and a whole lot more tomorrow. Oh, amen. Thank you for singing for us. Our brother Seth Marshall and his group, if you could come and sing right after would be greatly appreciated. Thank you. I have a small testimony to give before we sing. So, I came to camp expecting more of God and he really blessed me last night. Um, I had been struggling with doubts in my mind and everything ever since I got to Arizona, starting with brother Steven Coffey's um, service Wednesday, it kind of just opened my eyes and like like the revelation really just struck me that I'm his and that I'm filled with his spirit and that Satan's just been lying to me, using my own um nature as the brothers had been preaching about. And I have been letting that nature override the nature deep inside me. And last night, I feel like God just gave me such a peace and such a revelation that I'm his and that his spirit dwells within me and I don't have to worry anymore. and that I just need to keep giving myself to him so he may keep filling me and keep drawing me closer to him. I play this song, blesses you. [Music] The Lord bless you and keep you, make his face shine upon you and be gracious to you. The Lord turn his face toward you and give you peace. The Lord bless you and keep you, make his face shine upon you and be gracious to you. The Lord turn his face towards you and give peace. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. The Lord bless you and keep you. Make his face shine upon you and be gracious to you. The Lord turn his face toward you and give you peace. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. [Applause] Amen. Amen. [Applause] May his favor be upon you and a thousand generations and your family and your children and their children and their children. May his favor be upon you and a thousand generations. Take your family and your children and their children and their children. May his presence go before you and behind you and beside you, all around you and within you. He is with you. He is with you in the morning, in the evening. And you're coming and you're going and you're weeping and rejoicing. He is for you. He is for you. He is for you. Amen. Heat. [Music] Oh, amen. [Applause] [Music] Hide me now under your wings. Cover me within your mighty hand. When the oceans rise and thunderers roar, I will with you above the stars. Father, you are king over the flood. I will be still. Know you are God. I will be still. Know you are God. Find rest my soul. in Christ alone. Know his [Music] power in quietness and trust. When the ocean rise and thunderers roar, I will know if you above the sto you are king over the flood. I will be still. Know you are God. Now will be still. Know you are God. When the ocean rise and throw, I will soar with you above the star. [Music] Father, you are king over the flood. I will be still. Know you are God. I will be still. Know you. You are God. I will be still. know you are [Music] [Applause] God. Thank you for singing for us. If we could pull up the words for Draw Me Close to You Bflat if our sister Aassia if she could make her way up to sing. And right after her we've got our sister Bana Mciri and her group. Amen. Draw me close to [Music] you. It's my prayer this morning. Never let me go. [Music] I lay it all down [Music] again to hear you say that I'm your friend. Lord, you are my desire. [Music] no one else will do. Cuz nothing else could take your place to feel the warmth of your embrace. Oh, help me find the way and bring me back to [Music] you. Oh, for you're all I want. Yes, you're all I've ever needed. Yes, you're all I want. Help me know you are near. Amen. Thank you for singing for us. [Music] God bless you. [Music] Who taught the sun where to stand in the morning? And who told the ocean you can only come this far? And who show the moon where to hide to leave those words alone can catch a falling star. And I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer. This let all creation testify. Let this life within me run. I know my redeemer lives. The very same God that spins things in orbit. are still the weary, the warning, the weak, and the same gentle hands that hold me when I'm broken. They conquer death to bring me victory. I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify. Let his life within me cry. And I know my redeemer. He lives to take away my shame. Oh, and he lives forever. I broke that the payment for myself was a precious life he gave. And now he's alive and left an empty grave. I know my redeemer. He lives. I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify. Let this life within me come. And I know my redeemer. I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer he lives. Let all creation testify. Let this fire within me and I know my redeemer lives. is I know that my redeemer he lives. [Music] [Music] I've had many tears and sorrows. I've had questions for tomorrow. There's been times that I didn't know right from wrong. But in every situation, God gave blessing consolation that my trials only come to make me strong. Through it all, through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. I learn to trust in God. Through it all, through it all, I've learned to depend upon his word. And I've been a lot of places and I've seen a lot of faces, there's been times that I felt so all alone. But in my lonely hours, yes, those precious lonely hours, Jesus let me know that our worth is all. That's why I see through it all. Through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. I learned to trust in God. Through it all, through it all, I've learned to depend upon his word. And I thank God for the mountains. And I thank him for the valleys. And I thank him for the storms he's brought me through. For if I never had a problem, how would I know that God could solve it? How would I know faith in this world could do it all? Heat. Heat. [Music] through it all to depend upon his word to depend upon his [Music] word. God bless you. [Applause] Amen. If we could all stand as we prepare to turn the service over to our brother Stephen. And if we could get Austin's mic on to help me with that song, Wings of Faith. Spread your wings on the wings of faith. Well, there are two roads that you may take. One by side and one by the word of God is what you see, what you believe. is what will be. had your wings to the wind of faith. You can fly to a [Applause] high do it's by grace. Send your wings to the winds of faith. Oh, what's your name? What's your cry? What's your [Music] [Applause] mountain? Just be the word of God. And by and by we will lose or you will fly. So set your wings to the wind of faith and you can fly to a higher place. Do not struggle for it's by grace. Set your wings to the winds of faith and watch the eagle in the sky. He does not struggle. [Applause] He does not strive for the power that makes him right. It's already inside. So set your [Applause] wings with the faith. Oh, you can fly to a higher place. Do not struggle for it is by grace. Send your wings to the winds of [Music] faith. Amen. Praise the Lord. You happy to be in the house of the Lord this morning? The house of the Lord is wherever the people of the Lord gather. And uh we just all happen to find ourselves in this building this morning. And you know, it's a beautiful thing. Um God honors his word and we've gathered all of us together. We've gathered in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and the Lord is very clear when you do that where there are two or more gathered. I will be with you. So that means that the Lord is here um because he honors his word. So he's here this morning. So you personally, you might not feel goosebumps and feel that at this moment, but he's here because he honors his word. That means that he's able to pass by your seat and speak directly to you. What you have need of, the questions that you have, the difficulties that you have, he'll speak directly to you. But this morning, this being our last service, I I want to ask you to do something. I want to ask you to really press in. Uh I liked what brother Steven said. We'll sleep tonight. We'll sleep later, but right now, let's really press in to what the Holy Spirit has for us because we believe he's here. And being that he's here, he can speak to us. So I know that all of us, adults and all of us, we need him. I I need answers. I need encouragement. I need guidance. So that being the case, let's press in. And you do that simply by saying, "Lord, speak to me what you would have me to know." You might say, "Lord, I need this. I need this. I need this." But let the Lord speak to you what he knows you need. And that may be different than what you're thinking. So now that your heart is open, we've worshiped, let the Lord deal with with whatever he chooses. Is that okay? Amen. Press into that. Let's do that. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we are so thankful this morning that you are in our midst. We believe your word. You honor your word. And so Lord, we submit ourselves into the presence of the Lord this morning so that you can do what you see fit. May you have genuinely truly may you have the preeminence. Lord, we are a people with hungry hearts. So I ask that you would flow just flow through us, Holy Spirit. and may you deal with our hearts and our minds. We love you. We give this service into your hands and in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. And amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you. Musicians sounded so wonderful this morning. All the singing. I'd like to invite you to turn with me uh just while you're standing in uh to the book of Philippians, chapter 3. And I want to read a passage there. Philippians the 3rd chapter. Just before we read, um it's so good to be here and I just want to say a a thank you again uh to brother Ron and to Evening Light Fellowship for um putting on this camp. Um and it's been an honor to be here with all of you and uh serving alongside brother Matt and uh just getting into what the Lord would have for us today. It's a beautiful thing. So, I I'm I'm just honored to be able to do that. And I I look at this uh I look at camps like this as um you know, something that is more than um just something that we decided to do. I I think they're I think they're God ordained. I really do. Um he said, "Forsake not the assembling of yourselves together." And we are not. We go to our churches. We we we go to churches. we we press our shoulder to the um to the wheel, but we've we've purposefully set aside time to gather together in this way, and the Lord honors that. I I think it's a wonderful thing. So, this is a I think this is fantastic. So, um it's been a pleasure to be here with all of you, and uh I haven't gotten to meet every single one of you, but I hope I do. Uh um at least make new friends before we go. Uh and things like that. Praise the Lord. Let's read Philippians chapter 3 chapter and let's let's start in the eth verse. Now I uh this is a this is a very this is one of my favorite books. I say that about all the books. This is one of my favorites. I come back to this a lot and um just personally and I I just I just enjoy Paul's approach because he writes this um while he's under arrest. He's in jail when he writes this. So he's speaking on a very personal level and this is a man that has had I mean this is a a prophet a a major prophet. I mean he is the messenger of the day and he has had experience. Uh he's been around he's been around the uh the block a few times. I mean he he was you know beaten up all the all the different things that had happened to Paul. Pretty amazing story, life story. And then he finds himself under arrest and he writes Philippians. And so you hear a person in a difficult circumstance speaking from maturity and that's an amazing thing. Now he says this Philippians 3 chapter and let's start in verse 8 or verse 7. But what things were gain to me those I counted a loss for Christ. Yay doubtless I count all things but a loss for the excellency of the knowledge of Christ Jesus my Lord. for whom I have suffered the loss of all things and do count them but dung that I may win Christ and I and be found in him not having mine own righteousness which is of the law but that which is through the faith of Christ the righteousness which is of God by faith that I may know him and the power of his resurrection and the fellowship of his sufferings, being made conformable unto his death, if by any means I might attain unto the resurrection of of the dead, not as though I had already attained, either were already perfect, but I follow after, if that I may apprehend that for which I also I am apprehended of Christ. Brethren, I count not myself to have apprehended, but this one thing I do. Now remember, he says this as a person filled with the Holy Spirit. He says, "Brethren, I count myself not to have appre apprehended, but this one thing I do, forgetting those things which are behind and reaching forth unto those things which are before." Amen. I press towards the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus. May the Lord bless the reading of his word. You can be seated. I uh I was just talking to brother Matt there before the uh service and if you notice I don't know if uh maybe you've pulled just you know certain things um that you were really dealing with but if you notice the theme uh from Thursday night, Friday night, Saturday morning day if you notice the theme uh dig the ditch Dig the ditch. Understand who is the one that is going to fill it and understand that it's Christ in you, the hope of glory. And now step into that relationship. Step into that life. If you notice the theme, I think the Holy Spirit is really searching for someone. I think he has really been searching for somebody. And I hope it's you. Amen. I hope it's you and I hope that you have been found of him. In Matthew chapter 24, uh I believe it's 24. He's um there's a lot of people that are standing beneath the throne and they say, you know, Lord, we we knew you. Did not we cast out devils in your name? And all of these different things. And um they knew him very well. The people standing in front of Jesus knew him. And Jesus turned around and he said this, 'Depart from me because I never knew you. So they knew him. They knew all about him and they were casting out devils and yet Jesus never knew them. I think this week end this camp, the Lord has been searching for someone and I pray that he's found that person and that you are found of him. Paul would say that rather you have been found of him that you are known by him. That's what you want is to be known by him for him to call you by name. And that's the message of the hour. Voice calling out of heaven to you calling your name to come into Christ. It's a beautiful thing. But you know, we still got a few minutes left. So if you are still dealing with something, you're still struggling with something, there is still time. So, don't let this moment go by. Press into what the Lord would have for us today. I'm going to be myself. I'm going to be what the Lord has put put me to put on my heart to say, um, I'm going to do that, but I need you to do the same. I need you to be yourselves. I need you to be present where you're at and let the Lord deal with you. And I I know that the Lord was working last night. How many of you enjoyed that service last night? Uh, just incredible. and just just dealing so I think precisely and uh I know that there were there were um individuals who received a touch last night from Almighty God. That's a beautiful thing. I love just worshiping. Uh I just love worshiping. Um that's that's what you want to press into is what would the Lord have for me in this moment. Now, uh I I I want to um we've got a little bit of time. Uh I I I the morning sessions, we've got a little bit longer of a period of time. Uh so we can we can flesh things out. How many of you would like to flesh out a few things? Um you know, a lot of people call it teaching. Brother Brandham called it placing. And I think in the you know, in a morning service like this on a Sunday morning, we can maybe take our time a little bit and flesh things out. And I think the Lord can really use that uh because teaching places you um you need to be grabbed by the lapels sometimes. You need to be grabbed by the lapels and you need to be said you can make it. You you find the Lord. But then sometimes you need to you need to work through things. You need to work through the scripture. You need to work through how brother Brandham laid things out. And that can that can really pos that can anchor you firmly. That's a really important thing. We need to be anchored in the word of God, not in our opinions of it. We need to be anchored in the word of God, not just in our opinions of it. I think that should deserve a better amen because we all can have opinions of it. Every single denomination on earth, every single religion has an opinion of of, you know, every denomination has an opinion of the scripture. I don't want to live by an opinion of it. I want to live by it. Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds out of the mouth of God. So I want to align my thinking to that to the word of God. That's where we want to be. Now I want to talk about I want to talk about two things. Um and we'll if is if if you pull um I'll go I'll go where the Lord leads. Um but I I want to talk about two things. And that's that's one. How how do you how can you know that you have the Holy Ghost? Uh it's been talked about all week if you've been listening. It's been talked about all week. But I think it's important and this is the one thing that I hear all over the world when I travel and I preach and I talk to people and I ask the one thing um and I and I I this was on my heart as soon as brother Ron asked me to speak. this dropped on my heart and uh I I wanted to talk about the baptism of the Holy Spirit and how to know you have it. I I was um was counseling and even brother Matt mentioned a c a story last night about someone wondering, you know, whether they they had it. And I can't tell you the amount of older middle-aged people, but then uh even older towards their senior years and especially young people who struggle with that question. Do I have it? and and how do I know that I have it? And you know, I think um we need to know, you need to make your election and calling sure. You need to be able to drive a stake in the ground and say, "Satan, it was this is no longer a question that you can plague me with. I know." So, I want you to be able to know. And I if if I'm my question my my goal this morning is not to cause you to wonder if you have it. If you have it, you need to know. But if you're wondering and you don't know and you're you're or you don't have it, then I want you to have it. And you can have it this morning. You can have the baptism of the Holy Spirit as I'm speaking to you. As the word goes forth, you can receive the baptism of the Holy Spirit. I want you to know what it is and how to have it. But then the second thing that I want to talk about is how do we live with it because I don't know about you, but I I have I have work to do on Monday. I have work to do on Monday. I got to go back. I uh I'm a pastor, but the Lord is um the Lord led me to work with a a small group of um consultants doing a very specific thing. And uh I just um I feel a a calling there. And um I I my my church um I I serve my church with all that I am. And uh I got to go. I got to I got I have a few meetings on Monday. I don't know if you have to go back to work on Monday, but this is wonderful what we have, but we got to go and we got to we got to make a living. You got to provide for yourself. You got to provide for your family. You might be in school, you got to go back to school. And brother Bannon would make the phrase, it's the in the harsh realities of everyday living, that's where the Christian life is lived out. So I don't want to just have an experience here. I want to live my sermon. I want to I want to take my experience and I want to go and I want to live a fruitful life. I want to really pursue the leading of the Holy Spirit. I don't want to just have the Holy Spirit. I want to pursue him. I want to say, "Lord, where would you have me go?" I want to listen for the the the the the wind in the mberry bushes. I want to say, "Lord, where would you have me?" I want to pick my foot up and I want to say, "Lord, tell me where to put it down." Amen. The footsteps of the righteous are ordered by the Lord. But sometimes you got to pick your foot up and say, "Lord, where do I where do I put it?" And move forward. Lord is not about having you stay right where you're at. He never was. Sometimes you have to wait. They that wait on the Lord shall renew their strength. But the intention is never to stay where you're at. He was always calling out of and into. So you've got to move forward. The goal, the objective is to move towards a body change and to live a fruitful life along the way. And I don't know about you, but I would kind of like to enjoy it along the way. Life is tough enough as it is. I would like to enjoy the Holy Spirit in my life. I want to go I want to go climb mountains. I want to go I want to, you know, be uh uh hang out with my wife. I want to um have church dinners and uh you know have as many church dinners as we can. I live in the south so we have church dinners and they're are very serious occasions. Um and I I want to I want to have church dinners. I want to hang out with you guys. I want to live life to the fullest. I really want to pursue uh being who God wants me to be. That's right. I want to live a I want to live a full life while I am still here. I don't want to just live plagued by Satan day in and day out. He He will do that and that happens, but I'm not going to let that define where I am. So the I want you to focus in now on Philippians chapter 3. All throughout this service, forgetting those things which are behind and pressing towards the mark. Now, let's talk about it. I think um the worst thing that we could do, and brother Matt, I think you may have said this um brother, I think you may have said this in in the devotional to some degree. Uh you mentioned it briefly. I think the worst thing that we can do is complicate the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Sometimes I feel as a minister, I complicate it. I have a very simple I I have a very simple mind. I am not very smart. And so I have to break things down and understand them. It's just my nature. That's the way I am. I have to break things down and just lay it all out and and watch it and look at it and say and then break it down then I can understand it. So that's the way I have to work. I think the worst thing that we can do is is is complicate it because it is not complicated. So let's talk about it and let's look through the scriptures. Let's look at how brother Brandham talked about it um in the word. Now in 1963 the token which we know uh the token is the Holy Spirit and in that message he says the message of the hour is a sign to the churches. It's a sign to the people. Don't are you catching it? I hope on the tape which is that's us because we weren't there. I hope on the tape that they are doing the same thing. In other parts of the world, the hour sign is here. There is a token and it's got to be applied and no other time could it could have come. Now you what you cannot have is a bucket full of blood and a dry brush. Tken is the Holy Spirit. But the token in Exodus chapter 12 and then in uh Ephesians, the blood shall be for you a token upon the houses ye are. And when I see the blood, I'll pass over you and the plague shall not be upon you to destroy you. So the the token is a seal. So you cannot have an unapplied token. The token is the Holy Ghost. And you cannot have an unapplied token. You cannot have a bucket of blood and a dry brush. You have to take the bucket, dip the brush into the blood, and spread it over the mantle. You have to apply the token. So it isn't enough just to understand what the token is. Uh you have to have it and it has to be applied. You grieve not the Holy Spirit whereby you are sealed until the day of your redemption. Now what we are seeking a a a personal relationship with the Lord not just knowledge but in experience. So I don't want to just have the knowledge of what these things are. I want to have the experience of the Holy Ghost and know the person of the Lord Jesus Christ. Now what what is the message? Christ Christ in you the hope of glory. And it is a voice out of heaven calling to you come up hither. And to do that you have to be in Christ in a new birth in a baptism of the Holy Spirit. It is the oil. It is necessary. It is paramount that you have the baptism of the Holy Ghost, an applied token. Without it, you will be looking for oil while the bride goes away with the bridegroom. Remember now, oil represents the Holy Spirit. The wise virgins were looking for oil. They understood what it was and they they were looking. They wanted it. Yes. So, the foolish virgins did want the oil, but they did not have it in their lamps. The wise virgins did, and they were the ones that were taken by the bridegroom. So, you cannot have a bucket of blood and a dry brush. You cannot have an unapplied token. You have to have a relationship with the Lord. You pursue that in experience, not just in knowledge. Yes. Now to understand that um brother Bham said uh this the word of God the Holy Ghost is the new birth. We know that it's being born again of the spirit of God. That's how you're born by the spirit. Born by the spirit. That's the new birth. You're begotten of the spirit. And then when you're born of the spirit, you're filled with the Holy Ghost. So I'm going to let brother Brandham and the scripture have the say. Okay? I don't want to I don't want to over complicate it with my ramblings. I want to let the word be the word. Okay? So you should do the same. So let's look at look at what he's saying. Now, I I want to um uh I also I I want to look at uh this story because it's one of the most important conversations that I think was had up until the point where Nicodemus is standing in front of Jesus. Now, I'll paraphrase this a little bit just for the sake of time, but Nicodemus was a man who was um a really good really good man and he wanted to know I think all of us want to know. I want to know what is the Holy Ghost? What is the baptism of the Holy Spirit and how do I know that I have it? Right? It's one of the primary questions that people face or have. So when I when you think about how Nicodemus was coming, he was coming with an inquisitive nature. But you also have to understand that that Nicodemus um was a major religious leader. Like he he understood scriptural principles. He understood the Torah. He had a lot of head knowledge about what things were. But understand his perception was uh of the law and what he did in in in the face of the law, right? He was a he was a Pharisee. He was a very intelligent individual and his perception of religion and what it meant to be in in uh uh uh to worship Jehovah was only on the basis of what he did. Right. Right. I don't think he was a legalist. I think the what was happening in that day is that religion became legalistic and hypocritical because legalism breeds hypocrisy right you know um you can listen to this song but you can't listen to this song when that song is frankly just the same as this song but uh we don't listen to that one we only it's it's a little bit hypocritical in nature right uh legalistic breeds legalism breeds that but remember what I said the other day brother brother Vanam said that legalism makes really good Christians. Uh so um when Nicodemus comes, I don't think he was a legalist. I think he really wanted to know. And he's sitting there in front of Jesus and he says, "How how um how can a man enter into the kingdom of God is essentially his question. And Jesus says, "Verily, verily, I say unto thee, except a man be born of water and of spirit." Now this was totally different. It was revolutionary. Jesus totally flipped the script on Nicodemus because nobody talked about the kingdom of God in terms of birth and in terms of that type of regeneration. Right? So Nicodemus it was it was foreign to him to the point where and he had no understanding of this to the point where he said how how is a do I enter into my mother's womb a second time? I almost feel if that was almost a jovial question like he was being a little bit sarcastic. He was saying, "How is that going to work?" He didn't know. He had no idea. It was totally revolutionary for Nicodemus. He did not know what it meant to be born again. Now, you know the lingo because most of you have been raised in the message. We know we know the terminology. You got to be filled with the Holy Ghost. You got to be reborn. You got to be You've heard these statements, these phrases all your life. Nicodemus, this was a totally new concept for him. So when he's there, he understood, you know, the concept of God will give you a new heart. Ezekiel talks about, you know, create uh uh giving a new heart. David created me a clean heart. The application of the blood as a means to redemption was through the temple, but never you must be born again. Totally revolutionary thinking. And he says, "Unless a man is born of water and of spirit, he cannot be born again. He cannot enter into the kingdom of God. You cannot have a bucket of blood and an unapplied token. Jesus is is is saying the ex this is Jesus's gospel. You've got to have the token applied. Be born of water and of spirit. And then he says this. He says the it's like the wind. And the wind is an amazing thing. Uh you know you've all experienced wind I I assume. Uh, and wind. It just comes and goes as it pleases. It just comes and it just it's just it just comes and you're you're just out of nowhere. You're it's oh man, it's really windy, but you can't you see the effects of it. You don't actually see wind, right? You see the effects of it. And there's, you know, magnetical uh uh magnetic magnetic uh forces all around um whatever whatever wind is. And it's it's exactly like the Holy Spirit because we don't control God. The Holy Spirit is like the wind. He comes where he wants to go. He is the almighty God. He comes and goes. So that's that's what the Holy Spirit is to be born again. It's like the wind. He comes when he wants to come. He comes. He he he blows. He is he he it's it's like it just comes and it goes. So that's what Jesus is preaching now to Nicodemus really messing with his theology if you will. Now in the se uh church age book um brother Brandham in in this in the phrasing he says this and I just want to uh lay this here. What is the baptism of the Holy Ghost? It is the spirit baptizing you into the body of Christ. It is the new birth. It is the spirit of God coming in and filling you after you have repented, having heard his word and been baptized in water as an answer of good conscience towards God. I love that phraseology. It's exactly what he's saying here in 1960. The word of God, the Holy Ghost is the new birth. We know that it's been it's being born again of the spirit of God. the the baptism of the Holy Ghost is the new birth. He says we know that now in to carry on then with with that to understand what the Holy Ghost is. We know who the Holy Ghost is, right? We learned that yesterday. It is that cosmic light that started out in the very beginning. God himself, right? All that God was, he poured into the being Christ and then Christ was poured into you. So we know that Christ 2 Corinthians chapter 3. Now the Lord is that spirit and where the spirit of the Lord is there is liberty. John chapter 14. And I pray the father and he shall give you a comforter that may that he may abide with you forever even the spirit of truth. The Holy Ghost, the baptism of the Holy Ghost, it is a seal. It is a token. He is the comforter. He is the prince of peace. You use different terms. We use different uh brother Brandham preaches different sermons. We use all these different things. We see different scriptures. He is the seal. He is the token. It is the person of the Lord Jesus Christ in you in a new birth, a baptism of the Holy Spirit. That's what it is. That's who it is. Now, if you look now, I I want you just for a second. I want you I want to make sure that we understand this. I want you to I want you to really understand what it is not. Okay? Because I I feel like when and I'm I'm speaking this not for any other reason and I I mean this sincerely. I'm not preaching at anybody. Uh I am saying this from my personal story, my testimony. Because when I was sitting in your seat and I was thinking even this morning um it was like uh early this morning. I was just laying there and I was thinking I I was trying to remember what was I thinking when I was 16 in your seat and I can't remember uh but I I got pretty close and I I remember um sitting there and uh I remember one specific time I think brother Diggs was speaking um I remember another time there was brother Burley speaking uh and I remember sitting there in your seat your age and I was thinking come on tell me come on. And I remember just pulling just and and I wasn't really where I should have been with the Lord, but uh personally, but I was just I I want I tell me, tell me, tell me. And I was thinking, okay, I'm I'm going to I'm going to respond. I'm going to respond. I'm going to push through what people think of me around me. And uh I'm going to push through that. I'm going to respond. I'm going to make that that effort to go to the altar. And the service wasn't even done yet. The preacher wasn't even really started. But in my mind, I was thinking, I'm I'm going to go and I'm going to make the effort um because I know that I need the Lord. I know that I need to respond to him. I know that he needs to deal in my life, but I I've got these I remember thinking, I'm going to I'm going to I'm going to do it. So, I had already in my mind worked up that I am going to go to the altar. I'm going to feel something and then I will then I will have what I want to feel I needed. Right? That was that was young Steve's brain. I wasn't really listening to the word and I wasn't responding to the prompting of the spirit. I was working up this formula and this set of actions that I was going to check off. I did this. I came to the altar. Check. I kneel down. Check. I felt something. Check. Minister laid his hands on me. Check. And then I get up and then I'll be fine. So, I had worked out this formula in my brain and I wasn't listening to the word. I wasn't responding to the Holy Spirit. I wasn't really interacting with the person of the Lord Jesus Christ that was in the room. In my brain, I was working out the formula. So, I want to I want to share with you what it is not. And I fear too often that sometimes as as just people, right, as as us in this room, we overemphasize the emotion that the Holy Spirit brings to the point that we reduce the Holy Spirit himself to a feeling. When the Holy Spirit himself is not a feeling, the Holy Spirit himself is not an emotion. He is the alpha and the omega. He is the all powerful. He is the life itself. He is the the um the He is my he is everything to me. He is he is power. He is might. He is strength. He is the person of the Lord Jesus Christ. But he himself is not a feeling. He is not an emotion. So if in my brain I was checking off the boxes to make sure that I got the feeling and the emotion and equating that to then having him and I would walk away, go back Monday and live the exact same life that I was when I came into camp. And I would live camp to camp to camp to camp to camp. And I wouldn't know, okay, how do I live my life? How do I know that I've met the Lord? And I didn't understand what it was. So, I want you to understand that it's not and I'm going I I I I think it's too often the case that that happens. Now, understand that when you meet the person of the Lord Jesus Christ and you are in his presence at an altar at your seat and a tree out in the woods, there is emotion, right? You may not be an emotional person, but there is emotion. You are an emotional being. God made you emotional. He made you with the capability of loving, uh, the capability of crying, of feeling dread, of feeling anxiety, of feeling, um, anxiety can be kind of good sometimes, right? Because it can keep you sharp. That's the point. We don't really talk about anxiety where he's like, "Lord, free me of anxiety. Free me of anxiety." There is a spiritual warfare where a spirit, an evil spirit, will plague you with anxiety. But sometimes if you're nervous before a business meeting or a job interview, that's going to keep you sharp. I don't think you should be praying that away. Hello. You need to be sharp. And nervousness. I Every time that I've been on a cliff, rock climbing, um, you know what I'm talking about. I am nervous. And I'm looking over this cliff. I'm actually afraid of heights. I am deathly afraid of heights. That's why I started rock climbing because I was like, I want to I want to I I don't want the I don't want to be like this. I'm going to grow. So, I started rock climbing. So, I'm hanging off of I'm standing over a cliff looking way down with a rope and I'm looking wi way down because we need ropes. Can I get an amen? Uh, so I'm standing there with a rope and I'm looking down and uh you feel nervous. You kind of need to feel nervous and anxious there because if you don't have any fear, you're going to be like and you're gonna you're gonna you don't want to do that. So, sometimes we pray, Lord, free me of this anxiety. There is a real plaguing anxiety that is unhealthy and you you need to get a hold of that and you need to be able to know and be able to discern Satan you will not plague me but you also have to be able to understand I'm nervous before this job interview because I care about doing a good job and that will keep you sharp and it will keep you focused. So sometimes I think we we focus on you know um uh uh the emotion around it. And I I I also too I feel uh um I I felt so brokenhearted when I was young when um u you know I think often times the devil doesn't have to do anything because we're doing enough. We're doing enough. I was I prayed for um someone in uh another country and um he he was there and he was you know saying Lord you know brother I need I need prayer for this this uh I've got real you know I just feel horrible I'm you know I've got all this in my blood I've got blood work and real real bad problem and I said okay okay I said do you you do you have sugar diabetes and he said yeah yeah I've got I've got sugar diabetes I said okay wow and you're feeling really really bad and uh you you you're you're that's a That's horrible. And I and I began to ask him and um I knew a little bit of the situation. Uh but I so I asked him I said, "Hey, I'm just curious. What did you eat this morning?" He said, "Well, uh uh uh well well uh like we like it was we were, you know, like we had we were in a rush and so like the gravy and the biscuits and everything. It was like I I didn't really have any other options. So, I I had to have, you know, and and then the large sweet tea that I had with the biscuits and gravy were I mean, they was uh came with the meal. So, naturally, I'm going to I need you and I'm not making a mockery of him, but I looked at him. I said, "Bro, you caused that. You're sitting here with a physical ailment that you caused. You know, you shouldn't be eating that stuff. Why are you eating it? Don't eat the food. Eat healthier and you'll feel better." And I said, "God is gracious, however, that even in your mistake, he will heal you right here on the spot." I said, "But here's the one thing. Let's pray for healing that God would would heal that how you how you feel. Bring deliverance from that." But I said, "You're going to have to go back and you're going to have to learn how to eat healthy. And you need to be disciplined enough to do that because you can't do whatever you want because you're going to pass out on the floor." So I said, "We need to act. Let's pray for deliverance here, but you need to eat healthy and don't come to the altar every time you drink a large sweet tea and you're saying, "Oh, the devil's on me. The devil's on me." He didn't have to do anything. The devil's standing back and saying, "This guy's he he's doing pretty well on on his own." Sometimes we can overspiritualize and, you know, we can have, you know, we need a I need that that demon prayed off of me. And a lot of times it could be right. But there may also be a situation where we need to apply the principles of the word that he's already given us. That's an important concept. I want you to understand that we we want to feel brother Vanam preached it. We are created to accomplish things. As human beings, we are created to accomplish things. So, you want to accomplish the baptism of the Holy Spirit. You want to accomplish being an overcoming Christian. You want to you want to achieve it. You want to do it. I want to be that kind of a person. And so, naturally in my brain, I was creating a formula. And I was I was going through the motions to get the feeling that I wanted. So that when I had the feeling, then I would feel like a Christian when God is not a feeling. But when you are around God, you feel things. Were you Did you feel the presence of the Lord last night? Just soaking in his presence. The Lord was working with individuals. That's the be that is so beautiful. That is not wrong. We should be joyous in that. We should never try to manufacture it. We should create an atmosphere. I think musicians who um uh like like you have are able to craft an atmosphere and invite the Holy Spirit. They don't create that feeling in you. They shouldn't and they don't. They're because they're good musicians. God creates that feeling in you. But God himself is not the feeling. So when you pursue the the Holy Spirit or you want the baptism of the Holy Ghost or you want deliverance, you cannot think of him as well if I go to the altar and I feel or I have this reaction then that means deliverance or that means the baptism of the Holy Spirit. He is life and feeling emotion will deplete you of calories. Do you understand? Anybody see brother Matt last night? He was depleted of calories because he's in the presence of the of of the Lord. And that is emotional. It drains you. That's why people had to stand behind brother Brandham and hold him up is because it's emotional. You feel it. That's a beautiful thing. That's a wonderful thing. We should always want that. Ain't nobody want stiff neck churches. I don't want a boring church. I I said that to our church recently and um uh the the things I say to my church, they have such grace. I said uh I said, "I don't want to go to a boring church." I said, "I don't know about any of you, I don't want a boring church. Let's let's then craft the kind of church that we want by the leading of the Holy Spirit." Because if this is all about me and what Brother Steve wants, then we're missing what God would want. So I said you you are you are a large part of what this church will be. So press into it. Worship the Lord. Feel open. Feel free in the presence of the Holy Spirit. I said if it's just about me coming and spitting for an hour every Sunday and and Wednesday night, then we're in trouble. You've got to you've got to press into your church, your culture. You've got to press into it because you are a big part in ensuring that it is accountable to health and health is in accordance with the word of God. Church communities can be unhealthy. They can be sick. Remember what I said yesterday. If you think that the message of the hour is your church culture or the church building itself, then when it breaks, you will break with it. You have to have something else, a token applied that will anchor you so that if there is trouble in the church, you won't fall with it. There was a brother who came to me and uh he went to a church in the south. The pastor left the message, long time in the message. And this young brother, he goes to my church and he said, "You know what? was I you know I went to I went to that man's church for so long and I and he said do I you know do I do I have it was I was I where I should be you know if if he didn't you know clearly didn't believe uh what he was preaching well and you know I said well no I think he did believe what he was preaching right I believe there was a lot of things that happened different story different conversation uh but I said he he was wondering like you know should I have been there and I said you know what gifts and callings are without repentance and I said the important thing was you, not not him necessarily, not his ministry, not him. You were the sheep and God was after you. So God would use a gift for even a period of time to speak to you to bring you where you needed to be. And you are not there. You didn't follow him. You are here. You are still pressing on in the truth because you know the truth and the truth is anchored in you. So don't look back and say, "Well, it was a mistake to go to his church." No, you found yourself there. The Lord led you there. That's what happened. And by God's grace, he used a gift to speak to you where you were. So press on in the truth. Don't follow that guy. Don't follow a scoffer's message. I have no I I really don't have any problem with um uh I have a great problem with what they say. But I don't I don't struggle with believe the sign stuff. Um I really don't. And here's why. Because I know the guys. I know the guys behind it. And they are hurt, broken, confused men. And here's how I know. What do they what have they ever pointed us to? They tear down and they dismantle and they confuse and they cause questions and they never point you to something greater. That is not the Holy Spirit. That is what that is scripturally is a scoffer's message. So if you have a question about what is the truth, definitely don't go to a scoffer because he doesn't know. All he does is tear down. So I've never really struggled with, you know, um well, you know, brother this and I'm like those guys are hurt. And I say this with all respect. They're hurt, broken, and confused men who are tearing down and pointing you to nothing. So you're going to be lost as lost as all get out if you listen to a scoffer's message. Yeah. So you don't really have to have anything to do with it. Brother Brandham points you back to the scripture and says this is the way. This Christ is the life. So get the life. That was a messenger pointing your heart back to the faith of the Pentecostal fathers. And those men scoffers point you to nothing. You know where the spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty. Meaning I can do whatever I want and call myself a Christian. Don't listen to a scoffer's message. The Holy Ghost is not a feeling. It is not a a a set of doctrinal or a set of actions. The Holy Spirit is the person of the Lord Jesus Christ. So when you have the baptism of the Holy Spirit, you have Christ in you, the hope of glory. Do you understand? You have the very life of Christ, you have him. And with that can come emotion. Yes. Yes. Now, I also think that it's important to understand this. You do not get the Holy Ghost when you believe. You don't believe to get the Holy Ghost. It is a gift of God. Now, here's the really important part. We've heard the term legalism come up a few times, and I don't know why, but I' I've heard it just pop up even in in myself. I'm I'm not even thinking about it. It's not even in my notes, and I it keeps popping up. So, I don't know why that's the case, but I think maybe there's a lot of um uh I mean, this was in my notes a month ago um uh to talk about this specifically, and I I I feel like um not legalism, but to to talk about this specifically, and I want you to really understand this. Everybody with me? You do not get the Holy Ghost. He gets you. Amen. You have to understand that we do not believe a worksbased religion. Buddhism, Hinduism. I've st I've stood in Buddhist temples and uh Hindu temples. Blood from the goat still running underneath my my shoes. Um uh I've I've you know I've talked to I I have a a few friends who are Muslims. Fantastic guys. I talked to um you know I had a few friends from my my boy scout troop uh who are are Baptists and I got to know them and um uh I I I think they would say the same thing but I use them to keep me sharp because we debate all the time scripturally and I love it. I love talking to them. They're really good guys. Um, and and we uh I I I've I feel there's something in their life and I just we just talk and um and so I I want you to understand that we do not have a works-based religion. It is not by your works that you are saved. So there is no work that can give you the Holy Ghost. There is no work that can give you the Holy Ghost. There is a choice. There is a decision. Brother Brandon would preach that multiple times in the in the time of decision. There is a decision, but you cannot get or or take off as if it's something on a on a shelf that you pick up and say, "Okay, now I've got it. I'm going to have it. Now I'm going to walk." It's it's not that. It is the person of it is a gift from God himself. So I want you to really understand that this is not something that you reach up and grab and say, "Okay, now I've got it." This is something that is a gift from God to you. He gives you the Holy Ghost. Do you understand? There is a decision that you make. You're on the basis of free moral agency. You have to come to the Jordan River and walk across. You have to be willing to receive it and open your heart to receive it. But you don't pick, you reach up and grab it and say, "I'm going to take it. It's now mine." It is the gift of the Holy Spirit. It is a supernatural work of God that he gives to you. It is not of works, lest any one of us in this room should boast that we got it. It is a gift of God to you supernaturally. It's an amazing thing. Amen. Now, keep that in your mind. Understand that it is a gift of God. Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed? Now, you cannot believe. I love this phrase. You do not you you don't believe to get the Holy Ghost. There is no life in belief. Um, we were just talking about this. There is no life in belief. Belief is placing your faith in that which has the life, which is Christ, the word. But just believing there is no life in it, right? I believe that there, you know, is a million dollars out there, but I don't have it right in front of me, right? So, I believe that there's a million dollars, but it's not really doing me any good because it's not really right. I can't fill my pockets full of it unless anyone has a million dollars uh that you could bring up here. Uh you understand belief has no life. The devils believe that the Lord is one Lord, but they don't have the life of God in them. You understand? Believing and understanding and looking at the minister and looking at the word and seeing all of these things, that's wonderful. That is necessary. You must believe. Believers believe. So, you've got to believe. But believing is placing your faith in that which is the life which is Christ, the person of the Lord Jesus Christ. And he gave us his written word which is the road map which is where the prophet pointed us back to so that when the word and the Holy Ghost be come together, it quickens life. Amen. He pointed he pointed me back to the scripture, not a a a seminary version of theology that said now you come to the front, you do this, you put your name on, you understand the phraseology, you put your name on the book, and then you will be saved. You'll be in the church. It's not that. It's remember the quote we read yesterday. It is God give taking the word and giving it to you. It is a gift of the Holy Spirit. You believe for the Holy Ghost, but the Holy Ghost is the life. So, you've got you can't just have the bucket of blood in your hand. You've got to apply it. The Holy Ghost has to be in you. And it is not something that you pluck off a tree and have. It is the gift of the Holy Spirit. Now, why do I say that? If you look in Acts chapter um two and I actually spent some extensive time going through this um all of you know the the extensive literature in the message about it right all the different times brother Brandham mentions it the baptism of the Holy Spirit baptism of the Holy Ghost all these different things but then I was looking in Acts and I noticed I noticed something and I I mentioned this briefly yesterday but there's an interesting thing that happens in Acts because now again going back to the Holy Spirit is not an emotion but when you have the Holy Spirit emotion comes in different ways. It looks different. The reason I say that is because if you look in Acts, you look in Acts 2, you look in Acts 8, Acts 10, Acts 19. In every case where somebody received the Holy Spirit, you know what was interesting to me is that it was different. So sometimes Paul was praying and there appeared unto them cloven tongues as like a fire and it sat upon each of them and they were all filled with the Holy Ghost. never happened again like that in all of scripture where the Holy Spirit broken what it was symbolizing was Christ becoming a many membered bride breaking apart and falling on each one that's why you bring your little lick of fire um um brother was mentioning that this morning was bringing this little lick of fire and that's that's what happened it appeared in that form Acts chapter 8 they that they might receive the Holy Ghost for as it was fallen upon them and only they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus and they laid their hands on them and they received the Holy Ghost. So before they were just singing in the upper room, these people they were laid hands on and they received the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Everybody with me? Acts chapter 10. While Peter spake the words very similar to this, the Holy Ghost fell on them which heard the word. Yes. So they weren't doing anything except listening and pressing in and the Holy Ghost fell on them. Acts chapter 19. And when Paul had laid his hands upon them, the Holy Ghost fell upon them. So there's some similarities in it, but there was never a direct or definitive pattern of okay, you have to stand at you have to stand right here. Um the the the chief pastor, the chief priest has to um chief preacher um has to lay his hands on you um and then associate ministry comes around and lay their hands on on you and then you do this and then um when you and then you'll speak in tongues and then you'll receive the Holy Spirit. Brother Brandham spent so much time dealing with Pentecostalism that was trying to turn it into a formula, right? They were cherrypicking a scripture and placing it directly with the baptism of the Holy Spirit and saying that Christ in you and filling you is this formula. And brother Brandham fought that hard and you have to too. Here's the similarity between all of these if you haven't already noticed it. And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost. And they were all baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And they received the Holy Ghost. The Holy Ghost fell. The Holy Ghost came on them. Yes. It was not their work. The Holy Ghost fell. He filled. Now they were in a position of receiving. They wanted it. And for some they were laid hands on. For some they they were just sitting just like you are right now. And God filled. God came. God did that work. It was a supernatural thing. It was not of a work lest any one of these people should have boasted. I want you to really lay this solid in your heart. The baptism of the Holy Ghost is not a work of man. It is a work of the Holy Spirit himself in you. He quickens you. He changes you. It is his life coming into you and dwelling in your soul supernaturally. when that happens. Now, the precise nature of it. Brother Ron, I've always wondered about this, the precise na the the nature when it happens, when it when he fills you, when it comes in and I my mind always goes to the science of it. I want to know the science of it. And I re I realized one day I was searching in the message and all these different things. I realized one day, oh, it's really simple. God is actually revealing himself in simplicity to you. Go right back to where brother Brandham said, "The new birth, the baptism of the Holy Spirit is a personal revelation to you of who Jesus Christ is in you." Brother Man summarized it so beautifully. All these different things that the the church evangelical community was going in this direction formula all of these different things. You got to have this emotion. You got to feel this. I got to feel like I and then I then I won't make any more mistakes and then I'll do all these different things. Brother Brandon comes right and said, "No, no, no. It's a personal revelation of who Jesus Christ is to you. He falls on you. It is not a work of man. It is not your work. It is God's work." Justification and sanctification are also a work of God. But you have a part to play in that. you believe in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, right? You repent and be baptized. Uh it's that's the the premise of Acts 32. So justification and sanctification are you have a big part to play in those. But the baptism of the Holy Spirit is a supernatural work of God in you. That's the difference. That's the oil. He Christ is the oil. And when he is on the inside of you, remember now what we were talking about yesterday. It is now my identification is in what Christ did for me, not in my flesh. I was crucified with Christ, yet I no longer live. It is Christ who lives in me. Do you understand? The baptism of the Holy Spirit is not complicated. It is Christ in you, the hope of glory. Now, let's look at this. We're baptized by one spirit, but what's the evidence of it? Now, Brother Bham, he he I I'm I'm just going to skip over a few um quotes here because I I just I really want to um I really want to nail this down uh for for us this morning. Is this okay, everybody? Good. This one is a good one. You don't get the Holy Ghost with some psychic workup. The Holy Ghost is a gift of God. These are really good quotes. Uh, I w I wish I um I I just let's let's let's keep keep going here. Um but I I want you to I want you to lay this concept in your heart because we know okay what it is now. How do I get it right? How how do I get the Holy Spirit? Now this is the amazing thing. Isaiah 55, the word shall not return unto him void. And if you were predestinated, which I believe you are, you were in the mind of God before the foundation of the world and you were always into him. And when he supernaturally fills, when the Holy Ghost falls, when he comes, he quickens that that eternal seed that was on the inside. It's flesh of his flesh and bone of his bone. You were in Christ before the foundation of the world in the Lamb's book of life. The law of life and death was actually set in order before there ever was an earth. So God had the idea of death because new life can only come from death. So when you receive the baptism of the Holy Spirit, that's why Jordan's river symbolizing death to self precedes it because you've got to come to a death to yourself. Now, I'm not so focusing on on justification and sanctification this morning, but I want you to understand that death is extremely important because new life comes from death. So, so David said this, whether shall I go from thy spirit and whether shall I flee from thy presence? If I ascend up into heaven, thou art there. If I make my bed in hell, behold, thou art there. Wherever you go, the Lord will find you. You cannot go anywhere. You cannot get so um as the uh uh uh as you've heard so many times, you can't go so far that God can't find you. I believe that with all my heart. I have to believe that. I don't have any other recourse that God would find me and and and change my life even when I am running in the opposite direction or or going in this direction. He he he came after me. The lost sheep that was wandering around. He comes after you. He cares about you. He wants you to have the Holy Spirit. This is not something that is beyond your reach. He wants to give it to you. He wants to fall. He wants to come and fill you with his presence. He wants to change you. He wants you to be there when he comes to get his bride. So he wants to fill you. Don't think that this is for someone else out there. This is for you. He wants you to have the Holy Spirit. You got to personalize this. Don't think that you're not worthy of it. Ain't nobody in this room worthy of it. It is a gift of the Holy Spirit. He comes to you. He falls. You did not make yourself worthy. You cannot make yourself worthy of the baptism of the Holy Spirit. You say, "Lord, I want it. I need it." You come to a place where you're you you're walked across Jordan. Your legs are wet with the water. and he he fills you. Amen. You cannot escape the presence of God. Now, how do you get it? And this is really really interesting. Brother Benam, he says, "If you haven't got it by night time," and he I just paraphrase now here, but he says, "There's many in here seeking the Holy Ghost and the thing you want to do is to not let this night go by until you receive it." Now, that's a prophet of God. So if he makes that statement, that's a pretty bold statement because that means that you can have it. Now remember, it's not something that you just pluck off of a tree. The Holy Ghost falls, but he wants to come to you. He wants to He wants you. He wants to give you life everlasting. So you can be in a place where you say, "Lord, I'm going to I'm going to wait right here until you come and you do that work. ma take every wicked way out of my life. Take it I I I repent. I'm I I I I I know that I make mistakes and that I have, but right where I am, I I want you to come and feel me. I want your supernatural life. Now, stay there until you get it. But I I want you to understand this in Lukeap 11. This is the primary scripture. If you then being evil know how to give good gifts unto your children, dads giving gifts to their children. My dad never gave me a gift. So I I I I don't know who's given who gifts, but you know, my dad never just walked up and say, "This is for you, Steve." Um, he did, but I'm just paraphrasing, but in this passage, he said, "If if father natural fathers know how to give gifts to the children, right? How much more shall your heavenly father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask him?" Do you know how monumental this scripture is? This settles a lot for me. This settled so much for me in my mind because I was asking him and he gave it to me. I asked him and he gave it to me. I didn't really know what I was asking for, but I asked. I pursued. I was there. I was pressing in and he came and he filled me. I was standing out by a tree. I was hunting. Sounds so spiritual, but I just happened to be hunting. Um and um I was out I was there and I I had really given the my heart to the Lord. Uh and and the Lord was really working in me and I I I it wasn't this scripture. Um but I came um I came to Colossians where it says uh set your affections on things that are above not on things that are on earth. And I I remember just sitting there by that tree and I was going you know I was going through a fairly difficult time um of just decisions and things like that. But I remember just praying. Um I shot a deer that way that day by the way. Um it's fantastic day. But I I was I was just praying and I was just working things out and I remember saying, "Lord, I want the baptism of the Holy Spirit." I knew that I didn't have it. And I didn't know how exactly, but I knew. And I said, 'Lord, I want it. And I realized I'm trying to set my affections on everything else around me except setting my affection on him. And that verse, it just triggered my thinking. And I just I just pressed into the Holy Spirit so strongly. And just something came over me. Um, I can't describe to you. And I I I I did I I started to cry. I never got up. I never danced around the tree. Um, I just started to cry. And I realized just so clear as Isabelle, it's Christ in me, the hope of glory. And I realized my mind went right back to that quote. It's a personal revelation of who Jesus Christ is to me. And I realized he has changed me. And it just dropped in my in my soul. And from that moment on, there's been a confidence and an assurance. I make mistakes every day, just like brother Matt said last night. But from that moment, I have it's been settled. No one can convince me out of it because it wasn't my work. I wasn't crying at an altar and nobody laid hands on me. I was by myself. All I did was cry. And the Lord changed me. Now, this is really important in um uh questions and answers. Uh I want to um sorry, not not in questions and answers in um let me go back here. Uh he he he says uh in uh I think it's I think it's actually further down, so I'll wait until I get there. Um, brother Bam, in in the greatest battle I ever fought is in the mind. He says that it's, you know, God gave you a mind, God gave you a spirit, and you take the the thought, you take the word and it it travels essentially down the channel of your thought and God quickens it to life. So there is you know your brain God gave you a brain and you you you hold this thought but the thought is not of your own. If you hold the word then when the word travels down your channel of thinking the Holy Spirit quickens it to life and then Romans 8:19 really becomes a reality. The manifestation of the sons of God. Because when the word comes into your thinking and you you take that thought or you're dealing with something or you're you're dealing with a temptation and you take the word of God and it travels down that channel of your thinking, God will quicken that to life because it's not you you your your thoughts that have life in themselves. It is the word of God. It is Christ himself. So when the life is grabbed a hold of and held, the Holy Spirit quickens it to reality. That's how greater is he that's in you than he that is in the world. It's not greater is your ability to withstand temptation than he that is in the world. Because it won't work that way. Greater is he that's in you than he that is in the world. Now, how do you know that you have the Holy Spirit? We know what it is. We know how to get it. How do I know that I have it? Now, there's a there's a lot of brother man deals with this topic so much because I believe that out of any prevailing question, I think there's two really prevailing questions. How do I know that I have the baptism of the Holy Spirit? How do I know I'm in the perfect will of God, especially as a young person? I don't know about you, but those are oftenimes questions that we can struggle with. And how do you know that you have it? Brother Matt was talking last night and he was talking about that man that the Holy Spirit had brought him to church for so long. And um and I might not do a good job of the story here, but um Brother Matt was asking him, "What brought you to church all this time?" And it was the Holy Spirit. And brother Matt, he said, "Do you believe that you have the Holy Ghost?" And he said, the man raised his hands and he said, "I believe I do. Yes." Right? Am I am I saying that right? He said, "I believe I do. Yes." So he was thinking, "Oh, I've got to do all these different things in the formula." And all the while there was something on the inside of him, a life that was being manifested. He was struggling. He didn't even want to be in church, but there was a life on the inside of him that was living outside, living the life. That's the grace and mercy of Almighty God. Even while where his brain was somewhere else, somewhere where where it shouldn't have been, the Holy Spirit was walking step by step by step in that person. So, how do you know that you have the the baptism of the Holy Ghost? You'll live perfect and you won't make a mistake. Now, you're smart kids. You all know that that isn't the truth. So, then why do you let that plague your mind all the time? You know who that is? Is Satan. He's plaguing your mind. Why do you let that happen? We are aware of Satan's devices. So stop him in his tracks. Don't don't think that. Here's what brother Bham says. There's I'm just going to let the let brother say it and and and we'll let the scripture set. Okay. There's only one evidence of the Holy Spirit that I know of and that is the genuine faith. Faith is a gift. Faith is the substance of the things that we hope for. It's the evidence of the things that are unseen. it. Faith is a reality. Fear is a valless element. There is no substance to fear. It is something that may or may not happen. When perfect love comes, it casts out all fear. Christ, God is love. So when God comes to you, it casts out all fear. Fear is valless. There's really no there's no substance to it. Faith is substance. There's evidence. So in your faith in the promised word of the hour, what is the message of the hour? Please say it louder. What is the message of the hour? Christ in you, the hope of glory. When your faith in the promised word of the hour, that's the evidence of the Holy Spirit. I love that. He says in the church age book, "The evidence of receiving the Holy Ghost today is the same as it was in the day of our Lord. It is receiving the word of truth for the day in which you live." Jesus never did stress the importance of works as he did the word in receiving the baptism of the Holy Spirit and as evidence. But rest assured now when you receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost, there is a life there that desires the word. And you can make a mistake and you can say, "Oh, well, you know, I'm I'm um I said this that I shouldn't say." And the Holy Spirit will bring you right back to where you need to be. Amen. By the grace and mercy of God, he'll bring you right back to where brother Brandham said that there was a keeping power of the Holy Spirit. And I believe that when John said there is no there is a once you are born again baptized remember it is not a work of man but he who is born again she who is born again they cannot sin in other words Christ in you because the Holy Ghost falls and it is the word that's on the inside of you that's the baptism of the Holy Spirit when that happens the Holy Spirit in you will never disbelieve his own word so there is a life that will come holiness ess will come. Uh there is a a natural tendency to feel dirty around sinfulness. Not to the point that we can't fulfill the great commission because Jesus walked right into Matthew's house and Peter was standing on the outside looking in. He's saying, "How is how what is he doing? What is he doing?" And Jesus is sitting right there talking to a a a tax collector, sitting down having supper with them, sharing the gospel with them. Now, I don't want you to go home and say, "Brother Steve said that we should go into a bar and have a beer with with someone and share the gospel." Don't misunderstand me. Don't put words in my mouth. There is a natural feeling of uneasiness around the world, but you are not of the world. God pulls you out of the world with the baptism of the Holy Spirit, changes you, turns you right around, and sends you right back out into it to be a witness for the truth. Ready to give a hope uh ready to give a hope for to to um to tell and share of the hope that lith within you. You are the only grace that some people will see. But if your attitude is, well, I'm too clean, you know, to to talk to someone who's um, you know, uh, not filled with the Holy Spirit, you know, I mean, in our church, we are clean, we are prim, we are proper. So, I I wouldn't be caught I wouldn't be caught dead in a Starbucks because they believe in homosexuality. I remember I was talking to a brother came up to me one time and he said, you know, I never go to Starbucks because they believe in homosexuality. And I I I was very young and I was it was this is probably not the appropriate thing to do, but I remember just pulling up his coat jacket and the guy who made his suit was a homosexual. So I said, "Brother, he never came back to me again. Never said another word to me again." And I I we we we legalism breeds hypocrisy. And if we if the Holy Ghost if if the evidence of the Holy Ghost is, "Oh, I'm clean. I'm proper. They are not, but I am. You know, it happens because we make mistakes even though we have the life of Christ in us. And I think that's one of the worst to be able to turn back around and turn and put your nose up at the world when God saved even the likes of you. He saved even the likes of you. As black a sin as you were, as as horrible of a person as I was, he saved me. And I would have the audacity to withhold that grace and goodness from somebody else. Is that the best that the holy hol holy ghost can produce? If our culture of the message community if if the extent to what the Holy Ghost has produced in us is when somebody walks in in the back door with purple hair doesn't know anything about the gospel of Jesus Christ and they sit in a seat and everybody turns their head and goes, "Oh my goodness, they've got purple hair. They don't know any better. But you do." That's right. I'm not saying go and get purple hair. I'm saying share the gospel with that person. And you don't have to say, you know, you shouldn't have purple hair. You should say, you know, something has changed my life. And I want to tell you about it. The Holy Ghost is life and truth and goodness and peace. And you can have the same peace that I have. Let me tell you my testimony. their hair will take care of itself because when they come face to face with the word, the word will change them. Stop trying to change people. You got enough trouble trying to change yourself, let the word change them. If the best that the message can produce is when somebody who is lost comes in off the street and we turn up our nose at them, shame on us. Thank you. I believe that there's a generation that I'm looking at that will share the gospel with courage and goodness and not be afraid to feel a little dirty walking down a street. Is God God in you or is he not? Are you so afraid that you would be turned by any wind of doctrine tossed to and fro? Is that the extent of your experience? That you couldn't interact with someone who doesn't know the gospel. Are you for real? The Holy Ghost is power. The Holy Ghost is truth. And when he's in you, all things are made new. There was a sister who came up to me and she goes to university and she said, you know, I'm in class and uh she said, you know, do I um you know, I don't I don't believe what they do. And she wasn't there was nothing that was said that was specifically wrong, right? Um but she said, you know, I don't want to be I don't you know, should I be, you know, should I be there? And I I said, well, why are you going? Why do you feel going? And she said, well, I feel I feel God wants me to be a nurse. God has put a gift in my uh life to to help people and I want to do it and I I feel specifically led to be a nurse and I've got to go through school to get it. Going to school is just a piece of paper. Sometimes you got to go through the hard you got to go and do it so that you you can do what God wants you to do better because she's not going to be able to be a nurse unless she goes to school. So she kind of has to go get the piece of paper. Unfortunately, that's the way the economy works. So she has to go get the piece of paper and then go and do what God wants her to do and do it the best that she possibly can. And I said, 'Sister, do you believe that you have the Holy Ghost?' And she said,"Of course I do." She says, 'I do.' And I said, "Um, are you afraid of going out and living a testimony?" And she said, "Absolutely not." And I said, "Go to school and be a believer." I'm not I'm not just a believer in church and then I'm standing in a Starbucks and there's someone uh who's purple hair uh pants. Oh, I I don't do those things. My life was changed. So, I can stand in a coffee line and hold my head up high and say, you know, I'm I'm I'm the happiest person on earth. I got problems. I got difficulties. I got issues, but I'm the happiest person on earth. Somebody will see that. Somebody will experience that. It will change them. It's receiving the word of truth for the day in which you live. The person of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Now, I want to share something with you. A lot of times we think Joshua, Ephesians, possession of the land. You have the baptism of the Holy Spirit. The evidence is faith in the revealed word of the hour. The revealed word of the hour is Christ made known in you, God. A voice out of heaven. Revelations 4:1. Revelations 10:8-11. John, come and take the book. Faith in the revealed word of the hour is the evidence of the Holy Spirit. It produces a life in you. It produces confidence, assurance. You make a mistake, he'll bring you right back to where you need to be. You look to the left, he'll guide you and point you right back to where you need to be. It's the life of Almighty God in you who began a good work in you finishing it. So let the work of the Lord be done because I I can look this way and he'll guide me right back to where I need to be. We think of possession as this. I got the Holy Ghost. I'm made new. Let's go into the land. We walk across Jordan and we're in the land and oh, it's wonderful. Pass the grapes and you get the big grape, you know, big grapes and you know, here's a grape and you know, this is it's wonderful. We're all we all have the baptism of the the Holy Spirit. It is wonderful. And you you might visualize, oh, when I get the Holy Ghost and when that life is in me, oh, this is what it's going to look like. You know what it actually looks like? Yes sir. When they possessed the land, there was warfare. It was it was hardship. Now they were in the promise. The promise was being made known. It was the fulfillment of what God had had purposed in them. And yet the reality of it is they had to pick up their sword and they had to lay waste to the things that were that were surrounding them. Now I want to I want you to turn with me. Turn with me to Jeremiah 48. Jeremiah chapter 48. This is a passage of scripture that changed my life and I want to share it with you. Now, we know that in the promised land, it looks like it looks pretty gruesome. Uh it's it's not all lying on a bed of roses. Living a Christian life, brother would say, the harsh realities of everyday living. Living a Christian life is hard. You experience temptation. You have an enemy that walks about as a roaring lion. He is very powerful. Uh heard heard somebody say one time they said if there ever was a time when we need to stir up hell it's right now. And I I it I was thinking I was like I don't want to stir up hell. I it really struck me kind of humorous. I was like I kind of would like to let it leave. I would like to leave it lying. I don't want to stir it up. He's he's he's at he's at us all the time. So I don't want to you know go in and stir up. You know I I realize the context behind it but I I That should not be our approach. We live we live in the in the promised land. The Holy Spirit that is our possession. The place of of a believer is in the promised land. The baptism of the Holy Spirit. And when you have the baptism of the Holy Spirit, you are still flesh and blood. So I have a body, I have a spirit, and I have a soul. That did not change because I now have the life of Christ on the inside of me. My soul has been redeemed. I am now made new. Old things are passed away. All things are made new. Not because of I have different blood cells now or I have different muscles. Same muscles. It's because now the life of God which is the seed which is the word which is the truth which is the reality is now on the inside of me. So yet though I live Christ lives in me. You understand? So, I face the hardships and the reality of everyday living with Christ in me, the hope of glory. Greater is he that's within me than he that's within the world. Um, I have this band on my wrist. The scripture says, "Bind the word about thy neck and bind it about thy wrist." So, I have more scripture for it than against it, but I I I have this band uh because I I found that someone gave it to me and it's my favorite verse. I could do all things through Christ who who gives me strength. I was climbing a mountain one time and uh we had just stopped and we uh clipped uh and we were just standing there and I was at 19,100 ft. Um and so I was at 19,100 ft. You're you're like you're just like you're you're not thinking straight. You think like a 5-year-old kid. So I'm like and I I really struggle at altitude. thought I was really and I I'm standing there and I'm I'm you know uh just uh trying to to gain composure and this guy comes by and he's he's coming down around the rock in the in the ice and he's coming down and he's got no legs, but he has no legs. And I This is legit. This is seriously happened to me. And I was standing there and I'm I'm just like and and this guy with no legs comes around and he's like, "How you doing?" And he comes and he's literally on his arms. Now, there's a guy behind him short roping him down, but he's not doing any of the work. This guy is doing all the work. Turns out he's a famous Russian climber. He's trying to climb all uh uh 14 summits, 8,000 meter summits, and he has no legs. So this guy is literally and he's got like this unique suit and things like that and he's climbing around and I I'm thinking, "Oh my goodness." I'm like, "So I I keep I keep this band because it says, "I can do all things through Christ who gives me strength." And I was literally like that's all I got. I don't have anything else. I I keep another guy. We were at 18,700 ft and he uh I come out of my tent and we're on this slope and we're just about this is right like the day before we make our summit bid and he's he's uh uh he's there and he gives me this and he made it he made this just a little bracelet and um he called me pastor Steve because he um he knew that I was a Christian and he knew that I was a pastor and I would always pray before I went up and he he I'm I'm a believer here. I'm a believer on the mountain. I'm a believer at work. I am who I am. Not ashamed of it. I am who I am. And so I'm standing there and he he gives me this and he said, "Hey, every time wear this and every time you look at it, pray for me." And I said, "Deal." So I I think every time I do this, I think of that guy. And I pray for him. Uh I don't know where he is. I lost touch with him. Um but I pray for him. And I keep this I keep this scripture verse on my wrist. Uh I can do all things through Christ who gives me strength. There is a keeping power, a Holy Ghost power that comes from the life of Christ on the inside of you. It is not your work. It is God's work. And when you want to express your face faith with your works, the Holy Spirit will do that in you. Now, in Jeremiah chapter 48, um there was a prophecy Jeremiah had against Moab. Moab obviously Israel's longtime en enemy, but Moab was a pagan nation. So, it was not bad place. They did bad things. They did drugs over there. And Moab Moab was um uh a a thorn in Israel's side. So, Jeremiah pronounces a a curse on them. And Moab was actually the descendants of Lot's incestrous relationship. Yeah, it was really bad. So they're they're um they had some things going on over there that they need to work on. And so the time this is around I think around 600 BC and they um they were they were Moab had grown really proud and complacent. I think their economy was kind of picking up just from what I can read in the scripture and things like that. And they were they were very proud. Uh and they were um they that's just kind of who they were. So they trusted in their wealth and Chaoth or Chamoth was their god, things like that. So it was it was really interesting. And God declares judgment upon Moab. So he um he he commands, if you're there in Jeremiah chapter 48, I told you to turn to it and I didn't turn to it. Um uh so let me so um he's there and God pronounces a curse um upon anyone who would not. Now they were going to war. Okay. So they were commanded to go after Moab and lay waste to the city. Go after them. I want I want them I want them to be rid. Moab was a thorn in the side. They were prideful. Israel is there. The command, go lay waste to them. People, livestock, kids, old people, city, burn, destroy, maim, everything. Go do it. And so the Israelites are given this command, go and do the do the work of the Lord. You know, I don't want to get to heaven and have a scratched up shield and a clean sword. We put on the armor of God. Thank God for the shield. Brother Matt said it so beautifully. You know, there's shield, shield, shield. No armor behind me. Shield, shield. So beautiful. And this triggered my thinking. I don't want to get to heaven and have a scratched up shield, you know. And no and a a a nich sword, right? A a a clean sword because that means that I didn't do any fighting. That means that I was on the defensive all the time, but I never played the offensive. In other words, I never pursued my enemy. I was defensive all the time. And I feel there's a lot of people in here where we feel like we're defensive all the time. You don't have to live like that. You don't have to live like that. I don't want to get to heaven and have a scratched up shield and a clean sword. This is what happened. God actually said this in Jeremiah chapter 48:10. Cursed be he. Now the command is go and lay waste to the city. Kill everything. Cursed be he that doeth the work of the Lord deceitfully. Now we're He that keepeth back his sword from blood. So in other words, all Israelites go fight, go, go, move, move, move. And they're jumping out of the helicopter and they're there in the in the place and they're in Moab and their commission is go lay waste to your enemy. But this the the command was cursed be the person who does the work of the Lord deceitfully. You know what that means? It's literally the Hebrew for negligence. It's not that you didn't think it was important. It's that you didn't do it. You let it sit. It's negligence. Sometimes I think we can be so negligent towards things that are wrong in our life. Now remember, I'm not I'm not uh this does not mean that I pursue the people with purple hair. Don't don't misappropriate this scripture. I'm not going to go after the person with purple hair because they need to know Christ. This is to what besieges me. This is to what Satan is doing in me. This is to the havoc that Satan is wreaking in my mind. This is to the plague that comes comes over your thinking and your thoughts. This is the temptation. This is all those different things. And the cur the command is cursed be he who holds back his sword from blood. So you've got to pick up the sword and you've got to go and every single one of those Israelites had to come back and have a have blood on their swords and plop it down in front of the commander and say I got blood on my sword. If you did not, a curse would be put on that person. Now think about this scenario. say a young man and you've got a sword and you you've got, you know, you're an Israelite army and you're coming in and you come into the city of Moab and you're, you know, uh, with your sword, you know, uh, and then you come in and you, you know, kick open a door and you come in and with your sword and there's a young mother with a newborn baby and she's in the door just inside the door with the door shut her I'm paraphrasing major here, but there's, you know, maybe her husband was defending the house and he's already dead. He's dead on the floor and she's got her newborn baby and she's huddled up in the corner and she's at she's in the wall and she's looking at you and you you are a young man. We've got the sword and you look at that. You look at that scene and imagination, conscience, reasoning, memory starts to plague on that young man. People in the Old Testament also had minds and they also dealt with thinking and thoughts. Uh they had they had avenues to the spirit realm. So, you can't tell me that that young man wasn't didn't have memory of his mom, his sisters back at home. Um, he had, you know, conscience. He's like, I can't I can't kill a baby. I can't kill a mom. And he's standing there with a sword in his hand, clean sword. And he's standing there and he's he's looking at her. And she's looking at him. She's a Moabitete. He's an Israelite. And he's he's thinking, "I can't kill them." and he just, you know, backs out, shuts the door, and then runs off and goes fight somebody else. Go finds a big burly guy to to fight because that's that's more reasonable. That makes sense. But to kill a mother and child, that doesn't make sense. And so he did the work of the Lord negligently. When you follow the leading of the Holy Spirit, he will lead you places that are difficult, uncomfortable sometimes, but the word of the Lord is first and foremost. Obedience is better than sacrifice. It takes great sacrifice to obey. Sometimes you got to leave friends. There's a guy in the church I used to go to, one of one of my just all-time good friends, really good guy. And when he came into the message of the hour, and he re God really got a hold of him, he cut his friends off cold turkey. And I I always I always remark that because I don't know if I would have had the courage to do the same. Maybe that's why the Lord allowed me to be raised in the message because he knew that I wasn't strong enough to be able to do something like that. Praise be to God. That's God's mercy, I guess. But for him, he he they they you know, they smoked u I think they did weed or in and um they just they just did weed every once in a while. And um uh just weed. No, no big deal. Uh but he and and so he knew he he had to make a decision. These guys are going to get the better of me. And he cut them off. Now, he was respectful. He actually went back to them and said, 'Hey, you know, I'm I'm a Christian and I love you guys, but I can't I can't hang out with you anymore like this. So, if you guys want to go for coffee, you want to go for lunch? He actually did that. If you guys want to go for coffee or lunch, I'll be happy to do that, but I I can't hang out with you like that because I it's going to get the better of me. And there's there's now something on the inside of me. Such a testimony. And that guy is a strong Christian, beautiful family to this day. We can we can have things in our life in our hidden lives and do the work of the Lord negligently. You don't want to be somebody who has a clean sword and a scratched up shield. Take your sword, which is to kill, which is to destroy, and seek out the enemy, and kill it. Don't mess around with it. Don't do it negligently. Destroy it. Go hard after it. Pursue the enemy and say, "No, no, no. This will not I'm not saying go and stir up hell. I'm saying what is besieging you? Go after it and use your sword. Make it dead. The enemy has no power. There is no life in the enemy. Live. Why then let the enemy sit there? You figure out what it means. I don't have enough time. We don't have enough time to talk about all the literature and things like this. You as an adult, as a mature Christian, figure out what it means to lay waste to your enemy. You go before the Lord. I can't do that. Brother Ron can't live with you every day. Brother Matt can't. I can't. We can't live with you every day. You've got to fight your own battles. So, you figure out what it means to have a dead enemy at your feet and a bloody sword. You go before the Lord with fear and trembling and say, "Lord, what does it mean for me to be an overcomer? Be an overcomer through me, Lord. May I pick up my sword. I've got it in my hand. May I, by the power of the Holy Spirit, get this thing out of my life. It will come back and plague me. It will come back and plague me." A Holy Ghostfilled believer cannot be possessed of a demon. They are oppressed of the enemy. They are flying around seeking whom they may devour. They are always going to be coming after you. Jesus himself standing there saying it is not what goes into a man that defiles him. It is what he acts on. You go before the Lord. You figure out what that means to say, Lord, I want to walk as an overcomer because Monday is coming. Brother Matt preach a sermon like that. Tuesday is coming. Wednesday is coming. I feel great on Sunday morning at camp, but I got to go home and I got to live an everyday life. The maniac of Gdara was delivered of Legion. And he comes up to Jesus and says, "I want to follow you. Let me be your disciple." And Jesus says, "No, man. No. I want you to go home and I want you to live a normal life and I want you to proclaim what happened to you." Here, this man is saying, "I want to follow you. Let me get on the ship and let's go." And Jesus literally says, "Nope. Turn around. Go back home. Live a normal life." Can you imagine what that guy had to deal with at the grocery store the next week? He's standing there at the grocery store. You know, I I I I am redeemed. Bye, love, divine. You know, he's just he's happy. He's at the grocery store getting groceries for his family. And then these people are standing behind him and they're like, "That's the guy. That's the guy. He was just running naked through the graveyards last week. That's the crazy dude. And you're taking their kids and hiding them. You know, you know, and he has to deal with that kind of behavior. He had to learn these people look at me like I am a unclean thing when I am not unclean anymore. He had to go back and live a normal life as a as a um you know a person just changed and he had to stand in line. Everybody looking around at him saying that's the but what a testimony he had. You sisters I think of sister Sarah. It almost makes me cry when sister I see the picture of sister Sarah up there in the skirt and the sherpa asking you know um she wears skirts all the time and I said yeah and she said he's he's the first one I've seen you can go amazing places. Now, here's what I want to end with. We got to lay waste to the enemy. But I want to I want to live life. Anybody want to live life? This This is not my home. Don't misunderstand me. I This is not my home. I am homesick here. I don't want to be here. I look for his appearing. That is my hope. That is my direction. But the there yet. So my hope is to the Lord. Ba land. I'm longing for I I am. But he has me right here right now. He has me in Arizona in June 1st. Thank you. 2025. He has you sitting right here. He doesn't have you up there yet. You're here. So, while you're here, don't you want to live life? Amen. I think following receiving the baptism of the Holy Spirit and and pursuing the leading of the Holy Spirit in your life will be the greatest adventure you will ever have. He will lead you to places you never thought you'd go. He will lead you and he's given you gifts and talents, but he will lead you to do things that you never thought you would do. Here's a, you know, long-haired hippie boy surfing in California, you know, and he's there and he's, uh, you know, surfing and he sees this beautiful girl and, you know, they get married and he's there and then, um, you know, and then he finds the Lord. The message of the hour changes him. and his life is set on a different course. And now here he sits here. Brother Ron Peterson, you think of all your different stories, all the different places that God has taken you. Brother Matt was telling some of his testimony. Incredible. Um, you think of your story. Don't try to live somebody else's story. Live yours. You know, I went I went through this whole thing of um uh I I don't I don't like to take so much time talking about myself, but I I I feel like I I just I feel like I need to share this with you. Um I uh I I you know, I always thought mountains were really really cool and uh always wanted to climb one. when I was a little kid and it would snow, I'd string up, you know, a rope and then I'd have like I'd dress up in all the gear and try to mimic the people I saw on Everest and all these different things. And I, you know, all my life, uh, I thought, "Oh, man. I, you know, I can't I can't. That's for pro athletes. Like, ain't no way." And, um, then one day I started to, you know, exercise because I realized I don't want to be 50 years old and look back and think, man, I wished I had exercised and really taken care of the body that God gave me. So, I started to eat healthier. Um, uh, In and Out is a subcategory that doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it's not the same. It's not same. So, it doesn't that's not a it's not there's nothing. Don't worry about that. But, I I wanted to eat healthier and I wanted to to exercise. And then I got so bored. I said, "This is horrible." So, I was like, "I need something to work out for." And so I again I'm just I I want to be 60 and uh you know if I get an a disease that you know is is uncontrollable the Lord's will be done. Um but I'm I don't want to be sick all the time because I'm eating trash. That that's that's on me. So I'm going to I want to be able to run around with my grandkids and take them on whatever you know mountains. So I I um I got really bored and then I I went through this whole thing of I want to climb a mountain. I saw something, you know, I was reading uh something and I want to I want to climb a mountain. And so I I went and I looked and I I I you know asked I talked to Sister Sarah about it, made sure she was okay with it and um we we talked about it. I did some major selling and I did really good job but she you know she was okay. So I was like, "Yes." So we I I signed up for it. And the whole time that I signed up for this mountain, it's Mount Baker if any of you have seen Mount Baker. Beautiful place. And um bunny slope of a mountain to climb, but it's beautiful place. And uh so I was like, there ain't no way I'm going to make it up. Ain't no way. And then I went through this whole thing of I'm a pastor now. Like, you know, I I shouldn't be I shouldn't be doing that. I shouldn't be doing that. And then I was thinking, you know, like uh it's dangerous, you know, there's got to be some element of danger to it. And I I you know, like I shouldn't I shouldn't be doing that. I shouldn't be doing that. And I I'd mention it to a few people and they'd be like, "Why are you doing that?" You know, um you know, things like that. Uh and I I went through this whole inner turmoil where I was thinking, "Yeah, I shouldn't do that. I should just cancel. I I you know, I shouldn't I shouldn't be on mountains. I'm a pastor. I shouldn't be doing that." And then it I had a just a real experience and I was uh I was praying one morning and um uh I read the scripture say to this mountain or speak to the mountain and uh I realized hang on a second if I can if I can get up in the morning for the glory of God and I can go to my work or whatever it is or get up and preach that that gift that God has given in me. I I live my life for the gospel of Jesus Christ. I don't know about you, but I do. There's no question about that. I live for the gospel. And I thought, if I can do that for the glory of God, then I can climb up to the top of that mountain for the glory of God. I said, I I can absolutely do that because if I'm a believer, I can be a believer here, there, here, there, and on the top of that mountain. And if God has made me um who I am in him, I I want to pursue life. I want to live wherever God would lead me, whatever have he would have me to do. And he made a way for me to for that to be something that was on the radar and something that I had to figure out and discern. And it was something that I thought, well, I should go and do it. And then I had to go through this whole turmoil and you know, I can't I shouldn't be doing that. There are a hundred reasons as to why I should not why you should not be on a mountain. Nobody needs to be up there. It is com. It is foolish. Nobody needs to be on the top of a mountain. There's nothing up there but wind and ice and rock. Ain't nobody need to be up on top of a mountain. It is foolishness. So I had to go through all of this and think I can't do that. I I committed to it. I said, Lord, if if I can if I can stand here for the gospel of Jesus Christ, I can climb that mountain for the gospel of Jesus Christ. I could I could be a believer there. So, I'm going to do it. And I I began to work out. I began to train. I did not think I was going to be able to make it. I started to get up there and uh I started to and I I just I want to finish with this. I was going to talk about um other other people, but I I um it's not working. I I I started on the climb and um we're we're on the way up and I start putting my I start putting one foot in front of the other. I had this really heavy pack and I start putting one foot in front of the other. This is Everest. This is not me. This is not Mount Baker. Just FYI. Um, this is somebody else, but I I know that guy um who's there in the back. Uh, he's a a good friend of mine. He's a sherpa Nepalese guy. And I I So, I have my pack on and I'm climbing and I'm realizing this is really really hard. And what it does, and Mount Baker's 11,000 ft. When you get past I think we're at um uh 67. We're at 6,700 feet. So, 6,700 feet. When you get past 12,000, you really start oxygen really starts to mess with you. Messes with everybody differently. Messes with me really bad. And I think the Lord put I think the Lord made my physiology not to do well at altitude to keep me down here, but he's he's allowed me to climb some mountains, but I don't do well at altitude. You can be the fittest person on earth and just not do well. It's your physiology. So, I'm there and we're, you know, um you're approaching uh you know, 10,000 feet. And I'm, you know, I'm like, and what happens is is you put one foot in front of the other. And especially on higher altitudes, not on Mount Baker, but you know, when you get up towards Everest or or other mountains, and you know, when you get up towards 19,000 ft like I was just talking about, you're you're like you don't you're not thinking straight and you feel like you're dying because you are. Your body is just you're fine, but your body is telling you there's something wrong. Go back down. There's not enough oxygen. So you're acclimatizing. So you're you're fine, but you feel mentally like I'm I'm a I'm a wreck. I'm a wreck. I'm a wreck. And so you feel like I I I can't do this. I can't do this. So every step you are you literally feel your body itself, your physiology is screaming out to you, you got to go down. You can't do this. You can't do this. What you do is you put one foot in front of the other. You put one foot in front of the other. Such spiritual application. You put one foot in front of the other. put one foot in front of the other and one step after the other, you find yourself a few steps away from the summit. Now, I've been on a lot of adventures, but I have never felt something as as awesome um you know, just in natural and everyday adventuring and stuff like that. I've never felt anything as awesome as being 10 feet from the summit and you know you're going to make it. You know, you're like you're like 50 yards from the summit and you know you're going to make it. You're depleted. You feel bad, but you know you're going to make it. And at that altitude, you're emotional. So, you turn into this crybaby. So, you're like and you're literally so emotional and you you feel like I've achieved it. And you're It's really funny. And I So, I cry at every summit. I'm just like And it's it's 11,000 ft. It's not really and it's really funny. But so I'm I'm I'm just like you're you're you're you know 50 feet from the summit and you're just I I'm going to do it. Yes. And there's just no feeling like it. But you know the amazing thing about mountain climbing is that the summit is only halfway because the summit is optional. Um Ed Vers well-known climber said that the summit is optional. The camp is mandatory. You got to go. If you go up, you got to get back to camp. You don't want to die. Now, I don't do anything dangerous, majorly dangerous. What I do is you there is actually the equivalent amount of danger of you going to the grocery store in a hunk of metal at 70 miles an hour than there is in what I do. So, it's, you know, just equal amount of danger. So, it's not really dangerous. But when I when I'm when you're there, um, you have to make it back down to camp. So when you get up to the summit and you're you have that feeling and you're only there for a few minutes because you're delirious and you you going back down. 84% of people who die on Everest die on the way down because they're depleted. They're they're wasted and they get delirious and they literally just and they're gone. So, um I just said it's not dangerous and then I'm just uh close your ears, honey. But I and so you have to go up to the summit, but you have to go down. And this is one thing that I have learned in in in my life, and I think you you who are older in the back, you can say the same thing. I just want to leave you with this. Um, life with the Holy Spirit is an adventure and you will be tempted your entire life. You will be tempted your entire life. Um, a lustful spirit takes advantage of how of the physiology that God made you with. God made you a red-blooded male, red-blooded female. Satan takes advantage of that. He tries to pervert that through pornography, whatever it would be. Satan's primary purpose is to sit in the seat as if he is God. And so, he messes with you. That's all he's got to do. Like I said yesterday, demons don't go to the beach. Their objective is to destroy that which has life. So, the possession of the land is not one of of peaches and cream. It's of fighting. It's of bloody swords. life is is a journey because God put you here. You're not there yet. He puts you here. So while you are here, my encouragement to you and I think what the services have been trying to say, brother Matt so beautifully, what I'm what I think you need to understand is that you can have the Holy Ghost. It's the Holy Ghost a gift to you. It's not complicated. You receive that gift into your life. And when you have that, emotions come and things like that, but then by the power of the Holy Spirit, you can be delivered of things. But Satan comes right back and tries to tempt you again. He comes right back and he tries to affect you. He tries to um mess with your thinking. He tries to give you anxiety and depression and keep you there. And the picture of a mature Christian, milk to meat, child to adult, is this one who can correctly divide the word of truth and then apply it in their thinking, apply it in their lives and let the Holy Spirit live through them and bring their thoughts subject to the obedience of Christ. It's Bible 101. It is not psychology. Paul says as a Holy Ghostfilled believer, you have to get under your body. He actually uses long-distance running as the analogy, run the race. You will make mistakes. I had several quotes where brother Random says you will make mistakes when you total of your mistakes and the sum total of your successes that win out. That is Islam. That is Buddhism. That is Hinduism. That is not the person of the Lord Jesus Christ. What it is is a life lived. Climb the mountain. Go, go do what God wants you to be. Be the best nurse that you can possibly be. Don't be apathetic in what you do. Pursue where the God where God of heaven and earth would lead you to be. If God calls you, some of you to be a deacon, he calls some of you to be a minister, some of you to be a song leader, some of you to be electricians, some of you to be software engineers, some of you to be what you possibly can at it. You will have difficulties. You will have trials, but God did not call you just to slump back in fear and have a scratched up shield. That is not a believer. A believer lays waste to the enemy and then walks forward in faith. It is it is hard sometimes because you got to put one foot in front of the other and one foot in front of the other and put your crampon in the ice. Slam your ice axe down. One foot in front of the other. cramp on down ice axe and you keep moving and you keep moving and you keep moving and you keep pressing forward until the end. Paul said this this term forgetting those things which are behind me does not mean that you delete memories because you can't memories are the mileionation of gal cells in your brain. It's an electrical impulse. You can't just delete it, right? You have those memories. You you had maybe some really bad mistakes in the past. He says, I forgetting forgetting those things which are behind. You know what that in the in the Greek what it's saying is I will not let the past define this moment. So I will forgetting those things which are behind me move forward. I'm going to move forward. You got difficulties. You got trials. Great. You'll learn from them. You're going to grow. Praise the Lord. You got difficulties. You got decisions, questions, great. You'll get an answer because the Lord is gracious. He will answer your question. Sometimes you got to wait. But he will answer your question. A mature Christian presses towards the mark of the high calling of Christ. It is not easy. I'll be the first to admit, brother Matt said it last night. I make mistakes all the time. And by the grace and the mercy of God, I can say, "Greater is he that's within me than he that's within the world. I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me." And I keep moving forward. You, Satan, will pull you off. You just move right back forward. He'll pull you off. He'll move you forward. Isaiah said it like this. You'll hear a voice behind you telling you where you should go. Listen to the voice of God. It's not just um slumping back in fear and fighting the enemy all the time. It's laying waste to the enemy and then moving forward in a fearless, strong, certain life in the Holy Ghost. If you if you if you haven't received the baptism of the Holy Spirit, you can you can receive it right now. If you have, go forward in faith. Don't let the enemy turn you to and fro. If you've got something that you need to deal with, seek deliverance. Get it rooted out. Deal with it and move on strong and sure. I forget those things which are behind me and I press towards the mark of the high calling of Christ. You can do great things in Christ. You can uh sometimes he'll take you to the top of a mountain. You never know where the Lord will take you. I remember standing there on the summit and looking down over I've always wanted to look at cumulus clouds and I was looking down at those clouds like looking out of an airplane. The winds just and it's just you know biting cold and it's just and you're looking there and I was thinking on that summit emotional as I was crying I was I was thinking I I it just it just struck me I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me. Would you bow your heads with me? I want to pray with you. I believe that you are I believe that you are strong people. But you know sometimes the Lord will bring us to a place of we we will get to a place of weakness and the Lord will let you realize then and there ah it's not my strength that is carrying me forward it is nothing but the Lord Jesus Christ you know he is so merciful and gracious to us when people get to do peopleling things he is so merciful and you know no dou out in your lives. You'll make mistakes. Things will happen. Weird things will happen. He'll lead you to adventures. He led Paul preach Philip preach in a a meeting. Gets up, goes out into the middle of the desert somewhere. Why on earth would he do that? And he leads a soul to Christ right there. That's an adventure. He'll lead you to do amazing things. pursue the leading of the Holy Spirit. Brother Brandham would say it best. Down with Satan and his gloom and up with the faith of the Lord Jesus Christ. I encourage you [Music] all pursue leading of the Holy Spirit. Live your adventure. He is good. He is merciful. He is gracious. He is mighty in you. Don't shrink back at the enemy. You can hold your head high. Say, "Greater is he that's within me." lay waste to the enemy. You'll walk through heaven's gates with a scratched up shield. Throw your sword down and say, "Here is the blood of my enemies." Heavenly Father, Lord, what a wonderful camp you've given us, we got to go back. Can't lose. It just happens. We feel really down after being with friends, being in the presence of the Lord. We got to go back to our situations. So Lord, I pray for and you are so helpful in those times. But Lord, may we go back home with assurance of where we stand in the person of the Lord Jesus Christ. May we go back home not saying, "Boy, I really hope I don't make another mistake." May we go back home and say, "Satan, I am not unaware of your devices. I'm living as a son and daughter of God, head held high. If I make a mistake, I'll get right back up. And I'm going to keep going and keep going until the Lord calls me home." May that be your prayer. I pray for each one of you. I pray God's blessing upon you, but I pray that he would keep you. Each one of you young people, you adults that are in the room, Lord, we bind our faith together. We pray for one another that you would be mighty through us that the enemy would no longer be able to just do whatever he pleases in our in our in our in who in our thinking. May we stand strong. May we put one foot in front of the other, steady, strong. May we not let those things which were behind us define how we live in this moment. May we, Lord, I pray that you would give us the courage, the willingness, but the courage and the strength to press towards the mark, the high calling of Christ. I want to live for the Lord Jesus Christ. Where you have me, I want to live to the [Music] fullest. I pray for all of these young people, every single person in this room, as we go home, may we hold the banner high, knowing that our victory is not in ourselves. It is in the person of the Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, would you deal with each each individual? May they take the lick of fire, go back to where you would have them and stand strong. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Jesus name we press on. Let's stand and sing this now. In Jesus name we press on. [Music] Sing it now. Oh dear, Lord with Christ. Oh, clear before our eyes we find the strength to press on. Let's sing it again now in Jesus name. [Music] [Applause] Thank Jesus name we press on. Is that your attitude that you just want to press on? Then sing it. Oh Jesus we press on. Yes. [Music] Dear Lord, with the Christ clear before our eyes. Oh, we find the strength to pre. [Music] Amen. Amen. Um, if you want prayer, I'd be happy to pray with you. We can we can pray with you. Uh, be happy to do that with you. Um, but I want to sing that song. Um, and I can't remember the one that we the one that I sang yesterday. Um, all the way. Can we sing that? I uh I pray that the Lord blesses you and uh I want to go all the way. I want you to make it. How many of you believe you're going to make it? Praise the Lord. I want to see you on the other side. Let's sing this. Oh, all the way. Going all the way. All the way. It all away. All the way. I'm going all the way. Going all the way with my Lord. All the way. I'm going all the way. All the way. I'm going all the way. All the way. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way with my Lord. Next verse. Made my choice. I'm going all the way. I've made my choice. I'm going all the way. I've made my choice. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way with my Lord. You've made a decision. Let's sing it together. Let's raise our hands and worship the Lord. Hallelujah all the way. Oh, I made my decision. I'm going all the way. I made my decision. I'm going all the way. Yes, I'm going all the way. Just one more time. I made my decision. I made my decision. I'm going all the way. I made my decision. I'm going all the way. I made my decision. I'm going all the way. Yes, I'm going all the way with my Lord. Hallelujah. Somebody give the Lord a hand clap of praise. [Music] Oh yes sir. May it be more than a song. May it be more than words, but may it be a revelation. May it be a a conviction from your heart that you're saying, "I've made a choice. I I've made a decision. I'm I'm going all the way. I've started my journey. The journey is is not easy. The journey is tough. How am I going to make it all the way, brother Steven? One step at a time. That's too simple. But God is known in simplicity. If you're to take all of the services, there's a there's a there's a vein that has started from the very first service to this service. and and and once uh you once you start digging for gold, you you you follow the vein. And so, Brother Matt, he started off, he started talking about digging ditches. And there was from that sermon, there was a vein of gold that started to run through these services, and it was this. You're going to make mistakes. You're going to go through trials and temptations and issues of life. And some things aren't going to be easy. And guess what? That's okay. Don't let your failures define who you are. Don't have a mindset of a servant, but as a son of God, have the mindset of if I get knocked down 10 times, I'm going to get up the 11th time. Because winners never quit and quitters never win. So saints of God, hold the simplicity of God in your heart and say, "Today I'm going to take a step and I'm going to breathe and tomorrow I'm going to take a step and I'm going to breathe and I'm going to take a step and I'm going to breathe and I'm going to continue this decision that I've made with God until he takes me home through death or the rapturing and changing of my body." Hallelujah. I have been so blessed by the services. Have you? Hallelujah. You may be [Music] [Applause] seated. Hallelujah. Thank you, brother Stephen. Brother Matthew, God bless you. What a blessing our our camp services have been. And uh we would just we've already thanked everybody and we just want to
