################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-17 - Behold I Come As A Thief - Bro. Mario Chua - Mario Chua.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-17
Title:   Behold I Come As A Thief - Bro. Mario Chua
Speaker: Mario Chua
Church:  Evening Light Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exAwK4o1GyY
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Sing the chord. [Music] course. Lead me, Lord. I'll follow anywhere you open up the [Music] door. Let your word speak to me. Show me what I've never seen before. Lord, Lord, I want to be a witness. You can take what's wrong and make it right. [Music] Day stars shine down on me. Let your love shine through me and the [Music] night. Amen. Want his love and his light to shine through me tonight. Let's all stand. Pour your spirit out on me. Invite him to come and have his way tonight. Amen. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Fill my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit. Sing the chorus again. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. [Music] Maturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup [Music] again. Fill my heart and make me whole. I need you now for your spirit. Sing the chorus one more [Music] time. Spirit out on me and fall just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Fill my heart and make me whole. I need you now for your spirit. [Music] There's a fountain open in the house of David to you who would believe. And there are streams of grace flowing down from Calary. Come now and receive once again. Oh, there's a fountain open in the house of David, you who would believe. And there are streams of grace flowing down from Calvary now and receive. Amen. If you have a need tonight, we have a fountain we can go to tonight. Amen. I'd like to ask brother Paul Maple if you'd come to the poll and just take us to the Lord in prayer tonight. We have prayer requests for brother Warren. He'll be ministering to brother Brian Duffix this Easter Sunday. Also for traveling mercies going down to Mexico for meetings on April the 23rd. So let's pray for brother Warren as he's ministering elsewhere. Brother Jonathan Bassunga has been sick all week. So let's remember brother Jonathan. May the Lord grant him a healing touch. Sister Deville has got a request tonight. She says, "My brother has asked prayer for a friend named Andy McKenzie, and he had surgery today for colon cancer." So, let's remember Andy McKenzie today. Pray the Lord would just come on the scene and grant him a complete healing and recovery from this surgery. Amen. How many would have a need tonight? Just want to lift before the Lord. Brother Paul, if you'd come, just brow our [Music] heads. Dear heavenly father, it's just a a privilege and honor, dear Lord, to come to your house, dear Lord. Lay our burdens down before you, dear Lord. week. I know for me, dear Lord, you go about the week and you get busy and dear Lord, and it's just a place of refuge to come here, dear Lord, to worship with people with like minds, dear Lord, that want to give you the glory and praise for all that we have, dear Lord. There's one thing that's needful, dear Lord, in our lives, and that's just more of you. Yes, Lord. It's not work. It's not finances, dear Lord. It's not even health, dear Lord. It's it's you, dear Lord, that we're in need of. We've come here this evening, dear Lord, to lift you up, dear Lord. Help us to put aside all of our worries and trials or discourage discouragements that we're going through and just to focus on you, dear Lord. May we bring you with us, dear Lord. May we gather around the throne of mercy, dear heavenly father, and lay our burdens down before you, dear Lord. I I know, dear Lord, that I'm need full of you, dear Lord. I want more of you in my home and my life, dear Lord. Want more of you in my family, dear Lord. Dear Lord, just lift all these these needs before you, dear Lord. You're you're a God that does miraculous miracles. Dear heavenly father, may we never put anything outside of your reach, dear heavenly father. Dear Lord, my family is sick. I pray for their healing. Pray for these other healings, dear Lord, that they have a need, dear Lord. We know that you are more than able, dear Lord. We just pray, dear Lord, that you would just pour out your spirit upon the people that are here this evening, dear Lord. Pour out your spirit upon the speaker, dear Lord. May all of us get out of the way. May you come down and speak, dear Lord. And may you come down and receive in each one of our lives, dear Lord, for we are needful of you. We pray, dear Lord, for for Brother Ron and Sister Sandy as they're traveling, dear Lord, that you just pour out your spirit upon them. And may the services and the meetings be wonderful for your glory and for your honor, dear heavenly father. We just want to give you the glory and the praise for all that we have, dear Lord, for all that we are, dear Lord, for we are nothing without you. Just thankful for this opportunity to come here this evening, dear heavenly father, and worship you. We're just so thankful for your grace and mercy. Fill us with your spirit. Bless the service, dear Lord. Bless the song service. Just pour out your spirit upon us. We pray. We ask all these things your name. Amen. Amen. Thank you, brother Paul. You may be seated tonight. It's good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Want to welcome each one here. Those of you be streaming on the internet and Gransky's have family with them down from Edmonton. We apologize for the weather, but we want to make you welcome. Amen. Easter Sunday is coming up. Brother Steven will be speaking for us here. And want to remember our pastor while he's away. Pray the Lord continue to be with him. Brother Mario is going to be ministering for us tonight. So just looking forward to the word and what Lord's placed on brother Mario's heart. Amen. The lily of the valley. Found a friend in Jesus. He's everything to me. Amen. I have found a friend in Jesus. He's everything to me. He's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul. The lily of the valley. In him alone I see. All I need to cleanse and make me fully [Music] whole. In sorrow he's my comfort. In trouble he's my stay. He tells me every hair on him to roll. Hallelujah. He's the lily of the valley, the bright and morning star. He's the fairest of 10,000 in my soul. He all my grief has taken and all my sorrow for in temptation. He's my strong and mighty town. I have all for him forsaken and all my idols torn from my heart and hell keeps me by his power. Though all the world forsake me and Satan tar through Jesus I safely reach the goal. Hallelu He's a lily of the valley the bright and morning star. He's the fairest of him. He will never never leave me nor yet forsake me here. While I live by faith to his blessed will. The wall of fire about me. I nothing to fear. With this man I he my soul will build. and sweeping up to glory. We'll see his blessed face where river sun and night shall ever roll. Halleluah. He's the lily of the valley, the bright and morning star. He's the fairest in my soul. [Music] The voice of my beloved beholding quickly comes sweeping over the mountains, over the hills he runs. I long to hear him say, I long to hear him say, "Arise, my love, my fear, come away." Oh, it's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine and the love we want is coming in view. Oh, we have God's chosen bride. Redemption bride. He's that lovely one. He's coming to claim you. The grapes are yours and mine. Little foxes for the vine. for the vineyard blossoms for harvest time. Keep your eyes on things above. Don't look at me or you see that lovely one. He's coming in. It's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine. And the lovely one is coming in plain view. Oh, to have God's chosen bride. Redemption by the night. He's that lovely bunn. He's coming in. In the cliff of the rock, in the secret place so high, till the day break and the shadows flee away. Oh, in that mountain place, a sweet smells coming through. He's that lovely one. It's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine and the love is coming in like you got chosen right. He's that one. Sing it again. It's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine. What we want is coming in with you. Oh, to have God's chosen bride. Redemption drawth nigh. He's that lovely one coming in blame for [Music] you. Hallelujah. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. Made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. I will enter his gates. Giving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Hallelujah. Give me oil in my land. Keep me burning. Oh give me oil in my lamp I pray. Give me oil in my lamb. Oh keep me burning. Keep burning till the break of day. and sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king of kings. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king. Oh give me oil in my lamb. Keep me burning. Give me oil in my lamb. I pray you'll give me oil in my hand burning burning keep me burning break and sing hosana sing hosana sing hosana to the king of kings sing hosana sing hosana Say, hosana to the king. Give him praise tonight. Sing hosana to the king. Hallelujah. Blessed be his name. Let's all stand tonight. You're awesome in this place, mighty God. We serve an awesome, mighty God. Tonight you are awesome in this place. Mighty [Music] God, you are awesome in this place of a [Music] father. You are worthy of all praise. Praise to you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place. Sing the chorus again. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place of the Father. You are worthy of all praise. To you our lives we praise. You are awesome in this place. Come with the mercies. [Music] There's our calling to your presence. Oh, pass the gates of praise into your [Music] sanctuary. Until we're standing face to face. I look upon your countenance. I see the fullness of your grace. I can only say you are awesome in this place. You are awesome in this place. You are worthy of all praise. To you our lives we praise. You are awesome in this place. Amen. Just before we turn the service to brother Mario saying, "Isn't the name of Jesus wonderful?" Amen. Miracles can happen in his name tonight. Isn't the name of Jesus wonderful? Isn't the name of Jesus wonderful? All the world can come to him and have their sins removed. Is in the name of Jesus. Wonderful. Isn't the name of Jesus beautiful? Isn't the name of Jesus beautiful? Oh, son of God and one of us, the lover of my soul. Is the name of Jesus beautiful, [Music] eternal king. You will reign forever and you will sing the glories of your name. Be lifted high so all the world will sing. Your name is all we need. Your name is all we need. [Music] Isn't the name of Jesus [Music] powerful? Isn't the name of Jesus powerful? Chains are broken when it's spoken. Every knee will [Music] bow in the name of Jesus. Our full eternal king, you will reign forever and we will sing the glories of your name. be lifted high so all the world will see. Your name is all we need. Your name is all we need. There is freedom in the name. There's healing in the name. There is power in the name. Salvation in the name. There's life in the name. There is no other name but [Music] Jesus. There is freedom in the name. There's healing in the name. There's power in the day, salvation in the name. There is life in the name. There is no other name but Jesus. [Music] Jesus. Is in the name of Jesus all we need. Isn't the name of Jesus all we need? For he's the way, the truth, the life, the only way to God. Isn't the name of Jesus all we need. [Applause] [Music] Most gracious heavenly father, Lord, you are worthy of our praise tonight, Lord. Amen. Because in your in your name there is power. In your name there is healing. Amen. In your name there is restoration. In your name there is victory. In your name. Hallelujah. There is redemption. So we humble ourselves Lord tonight. You're worthy of our praise. Thank you Lord for the victories that you have given us tonight. For you said in your word you cannot we cannot come and gather together except Lord by your grace and your spirit Lord. And we're so grateful. We're so thankful, Lord. Hallelujah. To come before your throne tonight to worship you, Lord. To hear from you once again, Lord. The word of life, Lord God. Once again, Lord, we invite your presence. Sanctify our heart and our mind, Lord, that once again your name will have preeminence among us, Lord. Yes, Lord. just commit myself to you Lord asking for your inspiration that the word that you put in my heart I may deliver it Lord to help your people Lord live a little bit higher Lord our faith will be higher so we commit the service to you in Jesus Christ's name and amen and amen praise the Lord hallelujah so are excited tonight amen there There's no reason that we will not be excited when we are in the house of God because he said that wherever two are gathered in his name he will be in our midst. What a great consolation cuz he said that he never leave us nor forsake us. If we are in trouble, whatever condition you are in, it goods to know that you have a good friend. Amen. And that is in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. So we'll go directly to the word of God. Uh let's turn to the book of uh Revelation. We'll start at chapter 16 verse 15. And uh very very familiar scripture 16:15 I said behold I come as a thief. Blessed is he that watchth and keepeth his garments lest he walk naked and they see his shame. Revelation 19 verse 7. Let us be glad and rejoice and give honor to him for the marriage of the lamb is come and his wife hath made herself ready. Amen. And may the Lord add a blessing upon the reading of his word. You may now be seated. So I will title this uh little thought that God put in my heart. Behold I come as a thief. Amen. And the subject is the secret catching away of the bride. And we know that this book of revelation a special book. Amen. This is not a book for everybody. This is a book just for a special class of people. Cuz this book is a revelation of Jesus Christ. This is not a revelations of any denomination. It is not revelations of any uh ministers. But it is it's not even the revelation of John. But it is the revelation of Jesus Christ given to John. That's right. And it was signified by angel. Amen. Amen. So God's always confirming it with these angels. And I told brother Steve before we come up here. So there's a lot of bacon seat and we know that was angels sitting among us tonight. Do you believe it? Wow. We always believe it. So that's why we enjoy even if there's is full or not full we still enjoy because we are in the presence of the Lord. That's right. And the scripture said that the angel of the Lord encamp round about them that fear him. So if there's a vacant seat, there's angel that is encamp guarding your seat. Thank you. So you need to be sensitive tonight. Amen. Don't look at anybody else. Just look at the word tonight. That's right. So the revelation of Jesus Christ which God gave unto him, amen, to John, a special class of people. This is not for everybody. And John, as the prophet said, which is a type of Jesus or is a type of the bride. Amen. Amen. And it was not only Jesus Christ that's is revealing it to John, but he sent an angel and signified it. And we know that this angel is not an earthly or or heavenly angel but an earthly angel that even John when he saw it in Revelation 19:10 he was about to worship that angel the signifying angel. Revelation 19:10 and I fell at his feet to worship him. Thus the tendency of men is to worship is to worship. Especially if you have a a good understanding of the word or whatever status you are in in life especially when you are bringing the word of God somebody is going to worship you. That's right. They're going to worship brother Brandham because of many special manifestation in his life. They're going to worship him and some even worship him as of the Lord Brandham Christ. Amen. So this is John and he saw the revelation of Jesus Christ and he saw the signifying angel and he was about to run and worship him and the signifying angel said and he said unto me see thou do it not. Amen. All right. So this is not an angel and and heavenly angel because don't worship me and he said I am thy fellow servant and of thy brethren that have testimony of Jesus worship God. Amen. So a real messenger a real angel is always pointing them to God. That's right. Amen. There's only uh one that is worthy of our worship and praise and that is God the Almighty God. Amen. And worship God for the testimony of Jesus is the spirit of prophecy. So we are reading praise God that the the the book of revelation which is the revelation of Jesus Christ which is the book of prophecy. Amen. So in revelation chap 16 it was Jesus Christ that's catching the attentions of John. He said behold pay attention John. And he said I come not I will come or will be coming or about to come personally I come. Amen. When is when is that time that I will come? It is today. Amen. I come in the present tense. That's right. So we are not waiting for him somebody else because he said I come. That means that this scripture is being fulfilled in our very eyes. Praise the Lord. I come as a thief. He didn't call the attention of John and say, "Okay, John, I am a thief." Because a thief always strike secretly. A thief don't always don't always announce his presence. Amen. I'm coming to steal. Secretly, but is ask a tip. So this is the secret coming of Christ being fulfilled in our day. Amen. So he said that blessed he that watchth and keepeth his garment. So he will be a secret coming of Christ. So he he get admonition that we need to be watchful. Amen. Amen. And keep it our garment and our garment is a covering. So we need to keep our garment pure and that garment is the revelation of the word of God that be revealed to us while waiting for his coming because he will come as a secret coming. So we need to wash oursel and keep our garment clean or else he would walk naked and they see his shame. So we see this is the secret coming cuz the brother brother Brennham or even the scripture tell us that there is a three coming of Christ. So his first coming to earth he comes to pay the price of redemption. He was born in a manger, grow up and offer his life as a sacrifice in order for to redeem his bride. Ephesians 1:7, whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sin according to the riches of his grace. For without the shedding of the blood, there is no remission of sin. So he need to the God that in the old testament need to manifest himself in the flesh for the purpose of redemption because without the shedding of blood there is no remission of sins. Then the second coming to earth he come to unite with his gentile bride and still heal away in the rapture. This coming is not a corporal coming of Christ but this coming is the revealing of the son of man. Amen. And the all the mystery truth that being revealed and this is the secret coming of Christ in these last days. And the third coming he will come for the last time with his gentile bride to rule and reign upon the earth. Fulfilling Revelation chapter 20 verse 4. So if you have time you can read Revelation 20:4. There's a thrones a plural and one sitting on the thrones and they re with Christ a thousand years during the rebellion reign. So most denominational Christian only know about two comingings of Christ and that is when he come in the manger is that right then come for the judgment and that is why they can't make a lot of the scripture fit because they don't realize that there are three coming of Christ but we know because we have a prophet in these last days. Thank you Lord. And so if we are living in the time and we know we are now living in the second coming of Christ of the Lord but you don't know what this coming looks like scripturally then you will certainly miss that's right seeing it in reality form because this is a secret coming. All the denominations are looking for his second coming and that is during the judgment time. But the second coming he will come as a thief in the night. It is a secret coming. And the prophet preached in the uh uh the 10 virgins. He said now remember as I've said everything in three. His coming is in three. The first time he came to redeem his bride. The second time he come to catch the bride. Amen. And that is to fulfill also 1 festival 4:16-17 like a love affair comes around steal her out of a nighttime and take her away from the world. Amen. Meet him in the air. So he's quoting first Thessalonian 4:16. Amen. The secret coming of the Lord. The second time he come is to receive his bride. First time to redeem her, second time to receive her. And the third with her king and queen. Hallelujah. Amen. So this sequence event denominational churches don't even know about this the three coming of Christ. But we thank God that we have a prophet in these last days. Amen. Amen. the manifestation of the son of man to reveal the word of God. Remember he he he he fulfilled two things. Malachi 4 5 and 6, Revelation 10:7. And with this divine revealing truth, it it will literally turn the heart of the children back to the father. In other words, because of the revelation of truth, it will give us a rapturing faith. Yes. And rapturing faith is a theological word but it means catching away. Spiritually speaking when the revealed word comes upon our our life it really catch us from dead denomination. Not only spiritually but there will be a physical praise God changing of our bodies. Hallelujah. And so if a person was to look for a public display of this great event of second coming of Christ as a tip in the night, then you would never see it because a tip does not announce his coming or doesn't make a sense. Yes. And announce his coming. But he goes about his business in quietness and a secret. And so the marriage ceremony of Christ to his bride at this time of his second coming to earth will happen in a silent and invisible way and it will be completely invisible and unseen event to the outside world. So that's why the prophet preached there is now an invisible union between the bridegroom and the bride. Hallelujah. Not only a title of the sermon but as as always brother Ron said it is it is a declaration that something is happening in our generation. There is a marriage. Hallelujah. That is going on right now. And the prophet said what marriage a couple is their bow to each other. If you vow to marry your your your partner that is a binding vow. And sometime we call that after that engagement. So after your engagement you are already considered married. Yes. But you cannot live together unless the proper wedding ceremony as a witness. Amen. As a manifestation your love for each other. Yes. But if you are engaged and you marry another, then you are committing adultery. That's right. That's right. Because your bow is already a marriage. Just like when you married or accept Christ as your personal savior, then you marry the denominational church, going to a denominational church as your husband, then you are committing adultery spiritually speaking. Yes sir. Amen. So marriage take place and that is by your bow because your b your your bow is so binding that it you can say till death do us part. That's right in poorer in richer in good health in in bad health in good times or bad times. Amen. You have a commitment to each other and we our commitment is to serve Christ with all our heart, with all our mind and with all Christ. We are already married spiritually by the bow that we receive his word and we are waiting praise God for the marriage supper of the lamb. Glory in the message the word is falling apart. You say, "Brother Bernham, a while ago when you said the church would go and we would know." He said, "Oh yes, the Bible said it." So there is a secret the uh the message the word is falling apart. I don't know if they don't know but but you say, "Brother Bham, a while ago when you said the church would go and we wouldn't know." He said, "Oh yes, the Bible say it." No, they won't know nothing about it. Is a secret coming. He comes in a secret and steal away his church. Take her away like a book. I read one time of Romeo and Juliet. Amen. So a prophet is also reading a love story book. Romeo and Juliet. I think a 16th century kind of book written by William Shakespeare. But actually it is a tragic love stories. Amen. But he readed it just like Romeo. Both of families are fighting one another but the the the children both are so in love with one another and Romeo still Juliet. Amen. So I am amazed that brother Brandham is also reading this one and even type it in his message. That's right. He comes in a secret and steal away his church. Take her away like a book I read one time of Rome with me and Julia. See he comes to get her and nobody knows nothing about it. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise. So all these scriptures that we are about to read because we need to support it with the scriptures all pertains to the secret coming or second coming of the Lord. They are all zigsaw pieces that when put together reveal the event associated with the second coming of the Lord. Not one scripture can show the entirety of this event. Amen. So we don't have any pet scripture that say oh this is this is no it just a zigsaw puzzle. And it take the Holy Spirit to gather this one over here, one over here, one over here and one over here. And it takes the Holy Spirit of God who is the author of the writer of the book. He is the one who will inspired to gather us this one. Praise the Lord. Because there are no so many aspect to it. But what we do know for sure is that in Malachi chapter 4:5 he said that behold I will send you Elijah. There's again pay attention. Amen. I will send you Elijah. It was God who sending you. Amen. And this you is now become manifest. Amen. Not only this a prophecy, but there is also a people who will fulfill this prophecy. In other words, we are the people of prophecy being fulfilled in this last days. Because we cannot receive this Elijah unless hallelujah, you are part of this prophecy. Why you receive this? Because you are part and you need to fulfill this part. Amen. because I will send Elijah to you before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord. Amen. So an Elijah is assigned to each generation as a mercy and judgment. Amen. So he said Elijah before the great and dreadful day of the Lord. Amen. Thank you Lord. And it is mercy to those who will receive it and judgment to those who will reject the message of that prophet. But I believe as a bride of Jesus Christ, we cannot help it but to receive the message of the hour. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. In Matthew chapter 25:6, so after Matthew 24, which is the revealing of the seven seals, so Matthew 25, after the revealing of the seven seals, praise God, the bridegroom cometh and callth for his bride. And at midnight there was a cave made. Behold the bridegroom cometh going out to meet him. So this is a midnight hour. Amen. That is calling for the bride. Come ye here. So there at we know that there was a a wise and there is a foolish virgins and the foolish virgins. They are virgins you know and they have oil. But when the bridegroom cometh their oil cannot go all the way. They have just oil enough for the day. Oil for Luther's day, oil for Wesley's day and oil for Pentecost that that just enough for their day. But the bridegroom cometh and they ask give us no I we cannot give any oil anymore. Amen. Because this is only for a specific people of God for the bride. Praise the Lord. First Thessalonian 4:16. For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout. So this is the fulfillment of our scriptures. It all tie ups together. From heaven with a shout, with a voice of archangel, and with the trump of God, and the dead in Christ shall rise first. And when he descended, he did all this treating. Amen. Amen. He didn't shout then wait for how many years then a voice then wait another year then there's a trump when he descended all these three things. Hallelujah. He shout with this the message of the hour the voice of the resurrection. Amen. Hallelujah. And when the trump the gathering of all the bride and one of these days we will be changed in a moment in the twinkling of an eye. Praise the Lord. And he tied up in Revelation 10:1. And I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven clothed with a cloud and rainbow was upon his head and his face was it were the sun and his feet as pillars apart. Amen. This angel was Christ. And we have seen this cloud appear in reality form in our day. Amen. And some of us were not born yet during the appearing of that cloud. Well, I was born in 1953. by uh uh 58 but I haven't got the chance to see it what happening but my time has come that even though I didn't see it physically but when I read the book I just believe it I cannot explain it I just read it in the book in the life story in the magazine they say this is the you turn it and it's the the face of Christ I just believe it cannot explain it I just believe it. Hallelujah. So I cannot say no. I cannot run away from it. I believe it. And the scriptures say, "Blessed are they that have an ear that can hear and see eye that can see." Just like Mary when the when when the angel comes and blessed art thou Mary because the child that will be born in thee will be called the son of God. Amen. as brother Chad. Well, she was a virgin for how many years? There is that there's only she was only the one that testify about it, right? For hundred and hundred of years. Now come this virgin woman that say that I I am pregnant by the Holy Ghost. No one will believe her and she cannot even explain it herself. How did it comes? Where did it come from? Where did angel come? is the name of the angel. She don't even know how to explain it. But yet she believe it and continue believing. Even though there's so much ridicule around him, they cannot believe it. She just keep on believing and walking by the revelation until it's time that they saw that his body is changing. He's carrying the word that his test his testimony is now being made manifest. Just like each and every one of us. Hallelujah. We saw the mighty angel. We saw the the the word of God in this last day. Sometimes some people will ridicule us. They didn't believe our testimony. But nevertheless, our life changed. Praise the Lord. And we are not serving praise God a man. We love the prophet so much. Yes sir. And a lot of them ridicule him to be a false prophet. any bad names addressed to him. But I praise God without that prophet I cannot even see myself serving the Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. But because of his ministry I come to love our Lord Jesus Christ. My life changed and I cannot explain it. From being a drunker that smoker I turn into different men and I don't know why I become a brand new man. The only thing I know is I believe the message of the hour. the message of the Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So there are many ways that God convey truth to us. He convey truth in the story in the Old Testament. He can convey truth in the form of the prophecy. He can convey truth by way of the stories. He can convey truth by ways of parables, by ways of revelation or anything that will just attract our attention and truth. Even our pain and suffering and trials will open up sometimes understanding. Some of us came to know the Lord Jesus Christ by way of sickness, no suffering until God open something. Some by way of miracles, some by way of accident, some by way of somebody testified, somebody uh give give a spoken word or something. God, hallelujah, knows the language of each and every one of us. Thank you, Lord. God is able to communicate in all these many languages of ways to impart truth and revelations to us. Amen. So that's why our experience not so different but we praise the same God. We come from different culture, different nation but we testify of one God. So we need to learn and to understand the language of God of how he communicates truth. You know he come he will come down to earth with a little book open to reveal the names of his subject. So that's why the very purpose of the opening of the seven seals to reveal the name of his subject which is his bride. Amen. And at this second coming Christ will come to be united in a marriage to his bride by an invisible union. Thank God. Amen. All the scripture are showing us of this event that are to take place at this second coming. And we have also revel 30. Amen. And and we can see that all the scriptures that we usually are quoting are scripture that is being fulfilled in our day. Amen. Sometime we just bypass it. It's just an ordinary but is something that will connect us to Christ. Thank you Lord. So in revelation chapter 19 verse 7 let us be glad and rejoice and give honor to him for the marriage of the lamb is come and his wife hath made herself ready. What make us ready because of the revealed word that we are accepting because of the revealed word that we are eating. Because of the revealed word that we are partaking. Thank you. Amen. Revelation 10. Take the book and eat it. Amen. So you need action. You need to take it. Amen. You need an action. You need dedication. You need to to to move. Take it and don't display it. Take it and put it in one of the storage. take it and eat it so that it can make you prepared and ready. So in Matthew chapter 16 verse4 he said that a wicked and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign. So we are now living in a wicked and adulterous generation. Sometimes when we quote something like that wicked and adulteration sometimes people are saying that you are stepping on my to you don't need to quote that but we cannot help if it's the spirit of God give us the inspiration as a ministers we are not to apologize that's right because it is written in the scripture. This is not our scripture. This is not our idea. This is not our purpose. This is the word of God. The wicked and adultery rich generation are they are seeking for a sign. And there shall no sign be given unto it but the sign of the prophet Jonah. And he said, "And he left them and departed." You know the sign of the prophet Jonah was a sign of resurrection and his message also brought about resurrection in this day. Amen. And remember Jonah is a gentile prophet and we have also a gentile prophet in this generation. And he is a sign of an impending judgment. Amen. It's a sign of resurrection because we are we live in sin and come to the word speaking lies. We have no uh uh in Ephesians he said that but God who is rich in mercy for his great love where we he love us. Ephesians 2:4 and five even when we were dead in sin. Yes. Sin means separation. Amen. From God had weakened us together with Christ. Yes. And had raised us up together and made us sit together in heavenly places. Amen. So we have a gentile prophet in the our day and he is a major prophet. Amen. Not only are the ordinary prophet because there's a lot of prophet going on around here. That's right. Amen. Profess to be prophet. There are prophet but we have a major prophet in these last days. And a major prophet is always a sign of a impending judgment. Right. So a prophet in this generation is a sign of mercy. Thank you Lord to those people but so a sign of judgment to those who reject it. Amen. There is always a uniting time that follows this great sign of a prophet. Amen. So something is happening. Not only we rec recognize a c a prophet in the land, we only reveal the mystery truth of the word but there is also a uniting time. Hallelujah. Amen. After the prophet and we want to be sure that we are of this uniting of God being united with his bride. Amen. The message uniting time he preached it in 1963. You know the when the opening of the seven seal it was in 1963 and when the opening when the the the uh the the seals was open it's not all the message is not all about the seal because when the seal was open it continually unfolding and unfolding from 63 up to 65. Yes. It didn't stop in the opening of the seven seals. It didn't stop when the seventh angel sounded his voice, right? But it continue to unfold. Amen. Unfold because the book was never closed. It's still open. So it's keep on unfolding and unfolding. Thank you, Lord. We see nations uniting. We see the world uniting. We see communism. We see the churches uniting. And we see God uniting himself with his bride. This is something that is happening up the bride. Until he and the church is the same thing like the family together, right? Uniting themselves together. God uniting. Why? Never before since the early church age was a pillar of fire ever among the people. Amen. Never before since the early church age did they ever see the thing that we are seeing today. Amen. Yes sir. And this was only made possible when God sent the seventh seal and give us a sign by it and send the seven angels down out of heaven and come to bring back the scattered word in them denomination. And remember the ministry of the seventh angels is to gather all those loose end from those church ages. Amen. Hallelujah. And it being revealed and he said and he sends seven angels down out of heaven and come to bring back the scattered word in them denomination and it tie it back into the word of God again to bring down his holy spirit. Amen. Beautiful. This bringing down of Holy Spirit is not speaking about of the Holy Spirit or this Holy Spirit is speaking of the Holy Spirit in word revelation form. Amen. And not in anointing form as it was in the days of Pentecost because the day of Pentecost is already done. So this Holy Spirit anointing is revealing the word in these last days. Excuse me. So we see the nations uniting. Paragraph 105. We see the nations uniting. We see the word uniting. We see the churches uniting. We see the bride uniting with the word. Why? The word is God. Amen. And as the word, as the bridegroom being the word and the bride being the hearer of the word, they become together in a union. They like until a wedding. They're getting ready for a wedding and they become one. The word becomes you and you become the word. And Jesus said at that day you know what all the father is I am. Remember that Jesus Christ is the son of God. It was God made flesh but he he is not to be called the God. He was the son of God because he has a beginning and he has an ending. Yes. But we know that after the baptism in Jordan River by John the Baptist, he was not baptized for remission of sin. He was baptized to fulfill all righteousness. Hallelujah. Because John already identified because behold the lamb of God that takes away the sins of the word. And being a sacrificial lamb, he need to be washed before the sacrifice. So after his baptism, John said, "I saw the spirit of God descending from heaven." Yes. just like a dove and indwwell in that body. Yes. And he heard a voice saying, "This is my beloved son. Hear ye him." Amen. So when his ministry began, he always preached about the father. He was not preaching about his ministry. He was not preaching about the miracles. Who made the miracles? He always preach about the father. All this miracles by the father. All the father. All the father. all the father. Amen. And even said that John 14:6 he said Jesus said I am the way. Capital I. Yes sir. The great I am. That Moses met in the burning bush. I am the way. It was God in him. It's the way. So after his baptism we need to distinguish who is speaking in that body. Very good. Very good. Sometime it is the son because we cannot get away from the flesh but the flesh has his own. That's why there was a woman asking brother Brennham brother Brenn I have somewhat against you and but why why is that? Because you always brag upon Jesus as divine. We're in those scriptures telling us that he was just he he he he was just human. And brother, okay, so show me the the scripture. You know when after his missionary trip evangelism when he went home or go home, he got tired and weary. That's right. He got hungry. When his best friend Lazarus died, he wept. That means that he was not divine. Yes. He was just human. And brother Brendan just smiled. Okay. But I want to tell you his best friend Lazarus when he said Lazarus come forth. And Lazarus raised up from the dead four days ago. It was no longer a man, but it was more than a man. It was God in a man. When he turned the water into wine, that was not a man, but it was God in a man performing it. Because the Lord Jesus Christ said, "I am the way and the truth and the life." Amen. Excuse me. I am the way, the truth, and the life. And no man cometh unto the father but by me. Uh-huh. Because he was the final voice. Yes, sir. This is my beloved son. Hearing him. Don't hear about Moses. Don't hear about Elijah. Because in his baptism, Elijah and Moses was there standing. But the boy said, "This is my beloved son whom I am pleased to dwell in." Hear ye him. Amen. Beautiful. Who is that him? It was God in him. Amen. And the life no man cometh unto the father but by me. If you have known me, it takes spiritual revelation. You should have known my father also. Amen. If I say I am the bride, you need to know my bridegroom. That's right. Hallelujah. Because the bride and the bridegroom, they are one and the same. That's right. If you had known me, you should have known my father also. Henceforth ye know him and have seen him. And Philip is so wondering what is what this man is saying about I cannot understand what he's what's the logic of his uh kind of uh talking. And Philip said, Lord, show you as the father and surprise at us. And Jesus said unto him, "Have I been so long with you, and yet thou hast not known me?" Pillip, he that hath seen me hath seen the father. Amen. And how sayest thou then show us the father? And he said, believe me that I am in the father and the father in me, or else believe me for the very work's sake. In John chapter 10 verse 30, I and my father are one. Amen. Is that a very strong declaration? That's right. Then the Jew took stone and again to stone him. And Jesus answered them, "Many good works I have assued from my father. For which of those works do you ston?" And the Jew answered saying, for a good work we stoned thee not, but for blasphemy because thou being a man makest thyself God. So they missed the point. They missed the revelation because the work that he's doing it was the work of the father in him. And when he say I am the son of God, they're accusing of being a blasphemy. You're blaspheing. We we don't have any question about signs and wonders. But when you say that you are God, then it's time for us to stall him. Yes. And Jesus answered them, it is not written in your law. I said, "Ye are gods." If he called them gods, unto whom the word of God came and the scripture cannot be broken. Say ye of him whom the father hath sanctified and sent unto the word, thou blasphe because I said I am the son of God. So if we say that we are gods, somebody stumbles about that. Amen. But God is the word. Amen. And if the word is in us, we are also called God. Amen. Hallelujah. Our mindset is not God that he's a creator. I will create everything. Right? That's the mindset of denomination when they say about God. But God is in his word. The revealed world be our when you receive the word, you are being united by God the word in this last day. And you are all called God's. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Say him whom the father sanctified sent unto him for the word thou blasphemed because I said I am the son of God. If I do not the works of my father and what is the works of the father is this to believe whom God sent. Yes. What did God send in those last days? Not only a prophet but the word of God was being sent. And that is the work of God. To believe whom he sent. Amen. Amen. But if I do though you believe me not believe the works that ye may know and believe that the father is in me and I in him because I and my father are one. I am doing the works. I am doing praise God receiving the word that he's saying. So let us go back to the quotes and the word becomes you and you become the word. Jesus said at that day you know what all the father is. Amen. Now he is now explaining it. I am. Yes. And all I am. You are. Amen. And all you are. I am. Amen. In that day you will know that I am in the father. The father in me. I in you and you in me. See or do you understand it? At that day, what day? This day we find out the great hidden mysteries of God being revealed. Oh my, I lie that this day the scripture is being fulfilled in our day. And he said, "Oh, we find out the great hidden mysteries of God being revealed." Now, there's so many mysteries that being revealed in this last day. The mystery of the serpent seed, the mysteries of the godhead, the mystery of grace, the mystery that there is no eternal son of God, the mystery of there is no eternal lake of fire. The mystery there is no eternal lake of fire. Amen. All this mystery that is being revealed. But the greatest mystery of all is knowing who you are. Because all the father is I am and all that I am. You are. I am. And all that you are. I am. I am. This day the scripture is being fulfilled. If you are not open by this word, don't worry. Because if you are the bride, you will go it. You will catch it. You will catch it. You will catch it. There is a catching up. No one is being left behind. But not all are the same grows together. Sab is still small but nevertheless remember that igllet eat meat when they are still igllet so we have a spiritual food in due season it's all meat and meat and meat but we have season to grow thank you nevertheless the revelation is in there already hallelujah so continue on the uniting science of time. Science and man and nation has produced the fearful sign in the skies. Do you notice this last few month or years that you can always see in the news different sighting in the in the skies? Some say that it's a UFO identified flying object, some rocket or something like that. That's exactly right. Now, fearing one another. And there's been a heavenly sign, you know, they they they got a sign in heaven, too. A fearful sign. A man in an astronaut might have an atomic missile and could drop and destroy the whole nation. Get up in an astronaut and stand out there and there ain't nothing keeping them from doing it. And they're doing it right now. America, China, Russia, everybody seems to rush putting their own satellite whatsoever in the sky. They can sure do it. They anytime they want to. They can bring her into dust if they want to. They can bring her to dust the earth. But in 15 minutes from now and then what one can do the other one that way too. So you see the tension all around us right now. So we can just feel that that the earth is will not last very long. Amen. So if we see the news the sign if there is not something in your heart bubbling you need to seek more of God because said when you see all these things you need to look up you need to have rejoice because what you see is all fulfillment of the scripture and then what can do the other one they that so you see that they got assigned But the kind of sign makes them scared. They're uniting together, putting their powers together. The free world, they're putting it powers together. Communising communism putting their power together with Russia, everybody. But each one scared of the other one. It's a fearful sign. They have sign, but a fearful sign. Amen. That's the national sign. Paragraph 111. That's the national sign, the fearful in the sky. But the church has received a heavenly sign. An astronaut. Amen. Jesus Christ is the form of the pillar of fire that he was in the Old Testament. Amen. That he was that he was then he met Saul. The pillar of fire. We have a heavenly sign. An astronaut Jesus Christ is the form of pillar of fire that he was in the Old Testament. Amen. The first time the pillar of fire appear, it was in the first Exodus prophet Moses. Remember that Moses studied in the wisdom of Egypt for 40 years. But God sent him in the wilderness and take away the 40 years of his study. Amen. Then God appeared to Moses in the burning bush and commission him. Deliver my people from Egypt to the promised land. Amen. And all his knowledge and everything is got lost. Lord I I I don't know how to speak. In other words, the pillar he meet the pillar of fire. that the first time that the pillar of fire appear right nothing else then the second time appear in the new testament while Paul in his way to Damascus he meet the pillar of fire again while he's persecuting all those Christian the disciples the pillar of fire praise God appear unto him and he pulled down from the horse and he said who art thou lord I am Jesus whom thou persecutest. And that same pillar of fire now appear in our day. Amen. Hallelujah. Three is a confirmation. He appeared in the old testament in Moses in New Testament in Paul. Now in the alpha age he appear again in the form of the Peter P. We we see the pictures. Amen. Amen. And that pictures is that really attract us and follow brother Brennham. It was really the message of the hour that he was preaching that attract attention not the pillar of fire in the halo. Amen. Hallelujah. But we cannot question it because science itself is the one who testify that it was the truth. Amen. So praise the Lord. He was in the Old Testament that he was then he met Saul on the road down there to Damascus. The same Jesus here today. And what does it do? Does it bring fear? Amen. It brings love. Amen. Hallelujah. It brings love. Brings you a uniting to one another. Amen. A feeling for one another. It brings the love of God. Oh, uniting us and bringing us the body of Christ into the unity as a bride. That's what is doing now. Amen. This great union. Amen. Amen. It is to gather each and every one of us from Africa, from Europe, from Asia, from Mexico. Gathering us together. Amen. and love one another by God's way not a pil but an agap love who covers all multitude of sin. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Continue. But the church, the bride is united by one God. Amen. Not three guys, not two God, but one God. Amen. Under one spirit. The Holy Spirit, the Holy Ghost is just one spirit and that the spirit of God. The spirit of God in one body in one holy union of God to be one holy bride to God. Praise the Lord. All together unity of the body, the body waiting as a bride and it is the bride as we call ourselves the bride. Are you the bride? Amen. Don't be ashamed. That's right. We have a husband that never leave us nor forsake us. Praise the Lord. We call ourselves bride for the uniting time of the bride. The church is so coming together. It should create such a love among us that we could hardly be away from one another. That's right. We just You see, you don't have to beg people to pray. That's right. You don't have to beg them to worship God. Amen. You don't have to beg them to do what's right. If they got the revelation of God in their heart, they're just so in love with him till there's nothing else. You don't pat them going to church. You don't do something and and push them go to church. No. Let the love of God's chosen to them. You don't need to pat them because they will serve God in their own voluntary will. Amen. Amen. So I'm just quoting the last two quotes and I am uh calling our musician. Praise the Lord. The uniting time. But the church, the bride is united by one God. Can we say amen to that? Amen. There's no other God. That's right. They may convince that there is three God, but no, we believe in only one God. That's right. Now, isn't it strange that the stars were exactly in line for three men and nobody else saw it? So, so brother B brother is speaking about the three magi that saw the stars. The aligning of three stars and that aligning point them directly to the word made flesh. Now it isn't a strange that these stars be exactly in line for three men and nobody else see it. That's why this is for a special class of people. Amen. Praise the Lord. We can see the message of the hour and we cannot question it and sometimes we cannot explain it. Amen. But no one can discourage us. Amen. To deny this word. Amen. How can you die when you are part of this word? Amen. Just like what Paul said that who can separate me from the love of God? Can sickness, famine, feal, everything, tribulations? No. No one can separate us from the love of God which is in Christ the word. The Lord. Amen. See just exactly in line. Now you can be so in line with the scripture when those stars become in unity united themselves together in this constellation. Three men were also united at the same time. Hallelujah. And can you be so united with God in his word until these things become our realities? Amen. And you can see them and know that they are true. The sign of time. You might look right over the top of the it and say, "Oh, that's nonsense." But if you are a believer, [Music] you believe. For the unbeliever doesn't notice is because there is no big noise involved. There is no Hollywood band playing for the believers. We know that all the scriptures pertaining to the second coming of Christ. It what is happening right now. What a privileged people we are. Thank you. Hallelujah. We don't need to do nothing but to believe what is being revealed to us. Thank you. Because as we believe the word, we become the word being made manifest. This is not an instant growth. From an infant, you don't become matured immediate. We need to process. So we need to bear one another's burden. Comfort one another in times of trial, in times of trouble, somebody this, somebody that. We need to pray for one another because that is our life. That's right. We may not be show up but deep down in your closet you are praying for somebody else because not everybody in this physical place is the same makeup. That's right. There are those who just simple, not talking too much but in action. Amen. But there are those who are talkative, very show up. But you just need to enjoy that. But if you are a silent type, just okay, put a smile in your face. [Music] This great uniting time of this invisible union of the bride of Christ is the marriage of the lamb event that is going on right now in our personal lives. Amen. Thank you Lord. This is not about religion that we have rules and regulations to follow. This is about a love a marriage between couples. Amen. Even the newly couples they need to process still. That's why for the young people, it's better if you are planning to get married, you need to get to know what you wanted. Be friend, be become his or her best friend. Amen. Don't marry a stranger. You need you you need to get to know them. Don't rush. Be prayerful. All this great scripture and prophecy of the sec second coming of the Lord and uniting of the bride is becoming history in our lives. We are just now enjoying waiting for that the appointed time of the changing of our body because we are now in that process. We have already heard the shout the voice and we cannot even turn away from it even if we want to. Sometimes we have discouragement in this in this life and sometimes we think of maybe I will just stop. Yes, I have been so many times in my life. Maybe I will need stop [Music] preaching because the believer they are just sitting there and just waiting for Wednesday, Sunday to listen. But for the preacher, they we we we seek the mind of God and we have so many trial that sometimes we cannot even know how to to deal with it. But nevertheless, in times of our trial, that's the time that God will pour out his anointing and see the directions where he want us to go. Thank you, Jesus. And sometimes you can feel it in your lives. What you hear is not from our physical abilities but it's from our pain and struggle and experiences that we need to know him personally before we present it unto you because we are we don't go to a Bible school or any study or AI that is soal AI give me the the quotation from this and we were just so I told even brother Steven AI is good but we cannot get inspiration AI just read the spoken word. The anointing was there. And when God give you the inspiration, he will point you in this scripture. And this another scripture, you just wonder why did I gather this zigz. Hallelujah. So last quote. This is the prayer of brother Bernham and may it also be our prayer. Oh Lord God help us everyone to unite with Christ tonight. Amen. Surrender our everything that we are everything that we have our whole soul body and mind to Jesus Christ and look for the time of that uniting. And when the trumpet of God shall sound and time shall be no more and the morning breaks eternal bright and fair. When the dead in Christ shall rise and gather over on the other shore. Hallelujah. With the bride that's alive to be caught up together. Look at the uniting. God uniting the church with his word. Amen. The word with the church that they both become the same. May it be our prayer. May this word become a reality. Not only a quotations that is good to listen, but let it be a reality in our life to unite with the word. did this, did this, he said, and the word with the church that they both become the same. Say this and it will happen. Do this and it will happen. This is it and this is me before you. This is me proving it. This is me with you. It was Jesus Christ encouraging us. And let this word be a reality in our lives that when we pray, it happened. And we say do this, it happened and this is it before me and it will happen. And he said this is me proving it. This is me with you in John 15:E7. If ye abide in me and my word abide in you, ye shall ask what you will and it shall be done unto you. And the prophet quote the scripture, he said when you pray in Jesus' name, it just like did speaking through you. Amen. So that whatever you ask in his name by faith, so shall it be. Amen. Come to pass. So let us stand to our feet tonight. [Music] The word was already spoken. There is a uniting time with the word. Amen. So let us practice the word so that whatever we ask Lord take away our doubts, take away our unbelief that whatever we said he will do it. Amen. According to his promise. Thank you. Can we sing the song? Even so come Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. So our desire tonight let his word hallelujah manifest in our lives. He said [Music] that help us everyone to unite with Christ tonight. Amen. If you haven't known him as your personal savior, you have a close relationship with him that you can offer your life, everything, your soul, your body tonight. He is here tonight. Amen. Even so, come Lord Jesus. Even so, come Lord Jesus, come. That's our desire. Lord, I pray tonight. Even so, take your pride away. Hallelujah. [Music] How my soul longs to be with you. Hallelujah. Yes Lord. Even so. Even so. Even so. Thank you, Lord God. Hallelujah. Even so. Thank you for the word, Lord. Come Lord Jesus. Once again, even so. Hallelujah. Even so. Take it Lord. Come Lord Jesus God come. Yes Lord so take your bride away. Yes Lord my soul. [Music] Thank you Lord. [Music] Even [Music] so, even so, come Lord Jesus. Lord, you are the lover of my soul. Lord, you are the lover of my soul. Lord, you are exalted over all. And I bow before your throne to worship [Music] you. Lord, you are Lord. You are the lover of oh my soul. Even so come Lord Jesus [Applause] come. Even [Music] so come Lord Jesus come. [Music] Even so take you right away. How my soul longs to be with you, my Lord. [Music] Even [Music] so, even so, Lord Jesus. [Music] You're worthy of it all. Worthy of it [Music] all. You are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. You're worthy of it all. worthy of it all. From you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. [Music] All the saints and angels bow before your throne. All the elders cast their crowns before the lamb of God and say you're worthy of it all. worthy of it [Music] all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory once again. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. From you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Blessed be his name. He's worthy of it all. Blessed be his name. How many enjoyed that service tonight? Amen. Brother Warren, would you come tonight and dismiss our service in a word of prayer? We so thankful to be gathered in his presence once again this evening and let's remember brother Warren as he ministers away on Sunday. Remember our service here, Brother Steven on Sunday. Just so thankful for what God is doing in our midst. Let's also continue to pray for our pastor while he's away. Amen. The word of God. Let's bow our hearts. Father, thank you so much Lord for the words that we heard tonight. Truly Lord, you you united us through your word, Father. Lord, that's why we cannot separate ourselves from you, Lord. Amen. Lord, we tried, but your word is always the one hunting us, Lord Jesus. And all we can say, Father, is thank you and amen. Lord, as we separated our ways, Lord Jesus, be with us. And Lord, as we remember your resurrection Sunday, Lord Jesus, I ask you, [Music] Lord give us strength, give us an understanding more of your word, Lord. that we will share your word wherever we go because you're truly Lord God. You're so good to us, Father. Lord, be with your people. Be with brother Ron and with your people here in this evening light fellowship. Lord, thank you so much for everything you have done. Restore the strength of brother Mario in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. As we go, let's sing the anchor holds. Amen. [Music] The [Music] anor though the ship is [Music] better. The anger [Music] holds the sails are true. I have fallen on my [Music] knees as I face the raging sea. The anchor holds in spite of the storm. Sing it once again. Holy [Music] names, though the ship is battered. Oh, the anger [Music] holds the sails are told. [Music] And I have fallen on my knees. As I face the raging seas, the anchor holds in spite of the [Music] storm. Amen. Go in Jesus name. Tonight you are dismissed. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
