################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-10 - That Which Is Done Is That Which Shall Be Done - Bro. Mario Chua - Mario Chua - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-10
Title:   That Which Is Done Is That Which Shall Be Done - Bro. Mario Chua
Speaker: Mario Chua
Church:  Evening Light Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QGG7qW0aeNg
========================================

[Music] First he lives. Let's all stand this evening. Because he lives, I can face tomorrow because he lives. All fear is gone [Music] because I know yes I know the old future and life is worth living just because he lives. Verse one. Aren't you thankful he lives this evening? Amen. God sent his son. They called him Jesus. He came to love. [Music] He forgive. He lived and died to by my poronom [Music] and an empty grave is there to prove my savior lives. Amen. Just worship him this evening. Because he lives, [Music] I can face tomorrow. Aren't you thankful for that? Because he lives. [Music] All fear is gone because I know. Yes, I know. the old my future and life is worth living just because he lives. Let's sing that one more time. Well, because he lives, I can face tomorrow [Music] because he lives. All fear is gone because I know [Music] he holds my future and life is worth living just because he lives. Amen. Sure am grateful for that this evening. Amen. Welcome you all to our midweek service. Amen. Let's go ahead and sing through the fire. Same key. Start on the verse. Amen. Sure am thankful he brought me through that fire. Amen. So many times I've questioned certain circumstances or things I could not understand. Well, many times in trials, weakness blurs my vision and my frustration gets so out of hand. Well, it's then I am reminded I've never been forsaken. I've never had to stand the test alone. And as I look at all the victories, the spirit rises up in me. And it's through the fire my weaknesses made strong. He never promised that the cross would not get heavy, that the hill would not be hard to climb. He never offered a victory without fighting. But he said help would always come in time. Well, just remember when you're standing in the valley of decision and the adversary says give in. Just hold on. Our Lord will show up and he will take you through the fire again. He never promised again. Oh, he never promised that the cross would not get heavy, that the hill would not become too high. [Music] He never offered victories without fighting. But he said help would always come in time. So just remember when standing in the valley of decision and the adversary says give in. Just hold on. Our Lord will show up and he will take you through the fire again. Just hold on. Well, just hold on. Our Lord will show up and he will take you through the fire again. Amen. Give him a hand clap of praise this evening. Amen. Sure am thankful he brought us through that fire and he is going to continue. Amen. If our brother John Duncan could come open our service in a word of prayer. We only have one prayer request written down tonight. Uh it doesn't say who it's from, but we we have it written here. Please pray for Lawson and his family. He got into a freak accident in his home gym. He's been at the hospital since Sunday sedated. Doctors are worried he might have brain damage. He is still on ventilator support. Lawson is only 13 years old. So, let's remember this this Lawson. We also have a prayer report. This is for brother Kelly McMillan. We want to thank the Lord. He had a successfully successful surgery, 12 hours long and very intense surgery and he'll be in recovery for 10 to 12 days. So, let's just keep him in prayer and just thankful that the surgery went well. Brother John. [Music] Good to be here tonight. Amen. Let's approach him in prayer. Praise the Lord. Heavenly Father, you're so good to us. Lord, you're precious. As the song says, Lord God, you'll show up right on time, Lord God. Yes, you do. Lord, we thank you, Lord, for the fire. Purge us, Lord God. Cleanse us, Lord. We don't always understand what's going on, Lord God. And may all always feel good, Lord, but we know, Lord, that undying love in us, Lord, that you put in us, Lord God, to stand there, Lord God, to love you. I know it's your love, Lord God, will take us through it all, Father. Lord, understand the song says in the by and by, Lord God, we love you, Father. Yes, Lord. We're here because of you, Lord God, to lift you up, Lord. And you have your precious way, Lord. Those who have been mentioned, Lord God, and the needs, Lord God, we know that you are a miracle working God. Once again, you are right on time, God. Lord, may you touch these, Lord God, according to your will, Lord God. good pleasure, Lord God, and your purpose. Lord, we commit this service in your hands. May you bless Brother Warren. You strengthen him, Lord. May you help him, Lord. You give us all that gift, Lord God, to get ourselves out of the way that you might be manifest in our lives, your will be accomplished. Amen. In Jesus Christ's name, we ask these things for your glory and honor. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Why don't you shake your neighbor's hand as you're taking your seat this evening? Amen. Key of Eflat. Amen. Want to remember here as well from Sister Isabelle. We have a note she's turned in. God bless you. I want to thank God for giving me traveling mercies to and from Africa. Also, I want to thank you all for the help I received during that time of much renewal through prayers, cards or contributions. All I can say is God bless you. God bless you richly. Everything went well. So that's from Sister Isabelle as well. Amen. Key of Eflat. Let's sing manifesting time. Amen. It's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine and the lovely one is coming in plain dude. Cap God's chosen bride. Redemption draweth nigh. He's that lovely one. He's coming in plain view. The voice is my beloved. Behold, he quickly comes over the mountains, over the hills, he runs. Well, I long to hear his voice. I long to hear him say, "Arise, my love, my fair one, come away." Well, it's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine. And the lovely one is coming in plain new to cap God's chosen bride. Redemption drawth nigh. He's that lovely one. He's coming in flame. Well, the grapes are yours and mine. Little fox is full of vine. For the vineyard blossoms for their harvest time. Keep your eyes on things above. Don't look at me or you see that lovely one. He's coming in plain view. Oh, it's manifesting time. The fruits are on the line. And the lovely one is coming in plain new. Oh, to cap God's clothes. Redemption draws nigh. He's that lovely one. He's coming in plain new. In the cleft of the rock, in the secret place so high, till the day break and the shadows flee away. [Music] Oh, in that mountain place, our sweet smells coming through. He's that lovely one. He's coming in plain. Well, it's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine. And the lovely one is coming in new. Oh, the cap God's chosen. Red dance and draws nigh. He's that lovely one. He's coming in. Amen. Give him a hand. Clap and praise. Bound for the promised land. Amen. Well, I am bound for the promised land. I am bound for the promised land. Oh, who will come and go with me? I am bound for the promised land. Well, I am bound for the promised land. I am bound for the promised land. Oh, who will come and go with me? I am bound for the pro land. What a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God we serve. Well, what a mighty God we serve. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. Jesus is the God we serve. Well, Jesus is the God we serve. Jesus is the God we serve. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a God we serve. What a mighty God. Well, what a mighty God we serve. [Music] What a mighty God we serve. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. Jesus is the God. Well, Jesus is the God we serve. Well, Jesus is the God we serve. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. This is the God we serve. Amen. Amen. Sing cast your burdens. You got to stand up for this one. So let's all stand this evening. Amen. Cast your burdens unto the Lord. Well, cast your burdens unto Jesus for he cares for you. Cast your burdens unto Jesus for he cares for you. Higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher. Lift Jesus higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher. Lift Jesus higher. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Stop. Safe. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Stop. Save. Lower. Cast your burdens. Cast your burdens unto Jesus for he cares for you. Cast your burdens onto Jesus for he cares for you. Higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher. Lift Jesus higher. Higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher. Lift Jesus higher. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Stop. Say lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Stop. Say lower. Cast your burdens. Cast your burdens on Jesus. For he cares for you. Cast your burdens unto Jesus for he cares for you. Amen. Amen. Sing welcome Holy Spirit as we begin to change the order of the service. Amen. Let's just invite him to be welcome in our presence this evening. Amen. Welcome Holy Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence. Fill us with your power. [Music] Live inside of me. If that's your prayer, just lift your hand. Welcome, Holy Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence. Fill us with your power. live inside of me. You're the living water. Well, you're the living water, the everflowing fountain, my comforter encounter. Take complete control. Welcome Holy Spirit for we are in your presence. Fill us with your power. Live inside of me. Amen. As brother Mario comes this evening, let's sing Heart of Worship. Amen. Let's just worship him this evening. We invite him to have our his way in our our service this evening. Amen. Start on the verse. When the music fades and all is stripped away and I simply come, longing just to bring something that's worth that will bless your heart. I'll bring you more than a song. For a song in itself is not what you have required. He searches much deeper. You search much deeper within. Through the way things appear. You're looking into my heart. I'm coming back to the heart of worship and it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I've made it. When it's all about you, it's all about you, Jesus. King of endless world. No one could express how much you deserve. Though I'm weak and poor, all I have is yours. Every single breath. Would you do this this evening? I'll bring you more than a song. For a song in itself is not what you have required. You search much deeper within. Through the way things appear, you're looking into my heart. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. And it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I made. When it's all about you, it's all about you, Jesus. I'm coming back to the heart of worship and it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I made. And it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. [Music] We're so grateful, Lord, tonight and so blessed to be in your presence, Lord. We thank you, Lord, that we can come before your throne tonight, Lord, and have communion with you, Lord. We're longing to hear from you, Lord, tonight to re to lift up our faith, Lord. We want you to bring where you want us to be, Lord God, according to your program. And we ask you, Lord, to be with us. Speak into our heart, Lord. Strengthen our faith, Lord. Take away our unbelief in our heart that we may see you face to face tonight, Lord. through the preaching of the word. May you bless each and every one of us, Lord, because our gathering together tonight is all about you, all about your word, all about your promises. Hallelujah. And let your word come into manifestations tonight, Lord. And we commit everything to you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. So, God bless you, everybody. It's good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Amen. And I just want to thank each and everyone who remember us in prayer while we were in uh Canada in Ottawa. So it was uh really a supernatural gathering although a small group of people but the presence of the Lord came down and uh some of the brethren are coming from the Jesus is Lord group. Some are charismatic but when they were caught up by the by the anointing of the preaching of the word so they said it's all different and decided to be in church hallelujah this coming Sunday and maybe some of them are streaming and u what I heard about their testimony because some came from Montreal some came from Toronto some came from uh London Ontario area. So they travel, some of them travel 6 hours, some 4 hours, some 2 hours. So the meet and greet plan became a supernatural gathering. So we have two services Saturday and Sunday and uh they came from different churches and they have different testimony. That's how by the way they testify about the church that they went to. the more I appreciate our pastor, brother Ron. Amen. Cuz and uh and I feel uh really so if you're worldly, you can be proud. Cuz our ministry here is so balanced. Amen. Thank you. And I appreciate brother one so much and uh they I think they are streaming tonight too. So God bless you Ottawa brethren and may the Lord bless you tonight and uh let's go directly to the word of God. This will be a short thought that God put in my heart and I trust that you will encourage each and every one of us tonight. Amen. So in the book of Ecclesiastes chapter 1 verse 9 a very familiar scripture. So Ecclesiastes is a book after the book of Proverbs. Amen. So it says here in chapter 1 verse 9, the thing that had been it is that we shall be and that and that which is done is that which shall be done and there is no new thing under the sun. Amen. So my title tonight is that which is done is that which shall be done. So in other words, what happened then is still happening now. Amen. Because the word is governed by the word of God. So it always revolved around the word of God. That's right. And the word of God is always in harmony. It's in the word of God is a law and the law of God cannot be changed. That's right. For he never changed his mind about his word. Amen. So what happened then? still happens now. So we will look at some of the scripture and we know that God never changed his program still the same. We may different in uh dispensation in ages in season and time but the character characteristic of how he moved upon his people is still the same. Amen. Amen. So let's bow our head once again. Heavenly Father, we thank you for the word that we've read, Lord, and we just anoint the word and magnify it among us, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. And amen. So, you may be seated tonight. Amen. So, we're so blessed to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Amen. That's right. And as I said a while ago that I am so blessed that we witnessed the prophecy being fulfilled once again in our generation. No, the latest that was fulfilled was the pope coming from America. But it seems that everybody is focused about the pope in America. But the next and I want you to focus on the next paragraph. I don't have it. But the next paragraph is that when the pope arrives, there will be a gathering of all the so-called bride of Jesus Christ and they will be cemented by the love of God. And I believe we are trying to the that that prophecy is also beginning to come to pass. Not only the pope come to pass, but I believe that the cemented on the fellowship of the bride is coming together right now. And I see when I went to Ottawa, it's the differences. They forget about the differences. They just want to hear the word of God. And I believe that the time has come that this prophecy must fulfilled among us. No more divisions, no more do this, no more do this. We are coming into the unity of the word of God in these last days. Hallelujah. Amen. So I just want to take uh the story of Daniel chapter 6. what happened to Daniel will be happening in our day. Uh turn with me in the book of Daniel chapter 6. I think we will uh just read the whole chapter. Daniel chapter 6. We'll start in verse one. So we will get some nuggets and the things that happened to Daniel. And I believe it's the same will be happening to us. Amen. because it's just like a prophecy or a mystery hidden in the Bible. But we know that the Bible has become a new Bible when the seal was opened. So we look at in different way not in the denominational uh uh understanding but through the understanding of the open book. Verse one, it pleased Darius to set over the kingdom and 120 peace princes which should be over the whole kingdom and over these three president of whom Daniel was the first that the princes might give account unto and the king should have no damage. And Daniel was prepared above the president and princes because an excellent spirit was in him. So in these last days we have as a Christian we have a different spirit and we are as I went to the Italy with the brothers Christian are prepared prepared compared to others. Amen. Because Christian have a good spirit in them. So some of the brothers they work in uh one of the prominent families or big businessmen and they were the people that sometimes manage and they will be trusted. So they were prepared above all others. And I believe each and every one of us the same thing in our works in school maybe in whatever uh situation we are in we are more prepared because of a kind spirit. Amen. But anyway, the word of God said those who are blessed, Abraham's seed will be blessed. Amen. If you notice, if in in in your work, in your school, the more you work, the more your employer will be blessed because there is a spirit among us. Amen. Amen. And even in Italy they they prefer some of the Christian because some of the the the employers and not don't really stay in their home. So those brother are there the one who take care of all the businesses and all of that and uh they were prepared. Sometimes they work some 20 years, some 30 years and they want to resign but their boss don't want them to resign. Amen. Because the quality of a Christian life is different from others. Because we work not for to to attract our employee but we work to God. Amen. So we're pleasing God in our work. Yes sir. That's why after the service during that time we have a a brother took some time off and drove us around the countryside. So we travel from France then we went to Switzerland in Geneva. Not only are working a small company but there are so brothers that working in a big company big organizations and one of the brothers work work in WIPO which is worth intellectual property organization. So he tore us around the offices and he show us oh this is the office of the United Nations. This is the office of the Red Cross. This is the office of the word council of churches. and he said that there are believers working in the word council of churches and we are so excited. Oh, we want to go there. So, we drove going to that uh to the office but fortunately unfortunately it was closed. So, we can see that as a Christian we are not only a small people. God will elevate each and every one of us because we are now living in the last days. God is trying to elevate our life. Not only as a Christian we are so poor we are just pity. No God is lifting up. Amen. Because they preferred Christian compares to others. Amen. That's right. So verse four. Then the president and the princes sought to find occasion against Daniel concerning the kingdom because Daniel was a trustworthy person. He was prepared by the king. So even when you do good things there will always be someone who will go against you. He was led by the king. He got the priorities given to them. Then the president the princess sought to find occasion against Daniel concerning the kingdom. But they could not but they could not find none occasion for fault. For as much as he was faithful, neither was there any error or fault found in him. Somebody is trying if you do good, somebody's trying to kill your influence. But what did Daniel do? He humbled himself. He didn't look at the criticism around him. He just take the mind of God, take the thought of God because your thought become your word. That's right. And your word become your action and your action become your habit. Yes, sir. So he see to it that he was always in the mind of God in in prayer. So you don't need to say oh I am a Christian I no because our action yes sir what do you call that action speak louder than your word. Amen. So whatever your thought will become word and your word become action. But if your thought always on the mind of God the word of God your action will do the same. And likewise we are doing the same thing. So that's why everybody is trying to criticize the to throw any kind of word but stay online or stay in line with the word of God. Let the mind of God be in you. The mind which is the word of God. And and the scripture said you need to pray without ceasing. Amen. Even if you're working, you're still praying. Even if you are uh driving, you can still pray. Amen. Pray without ceasing. The more you pray, the more you meditate, the more word that come into your heart, the more word that coming out of your mouth. You don't need to testify, oh, I am a Christian. I am do this, I don't drink, I don't smoke. No. They don't care about whether you smoke or not. It is your life that they're looking. That's right. If you meditate upon the word of God in the mind of God, you become a living epistle read of all men. That's right. Because the way you act, the way you the way you you you you put things, they cannot question it. So we can see they find occasion against Daniel concerning the kingdom, but they could not find none occasion for fault for as much as he was faithful. So you need to be faithful. Amen. Faithfulness is the key. Neither was there any error or fault found in him. So in Philippians chapter 2:5, let this mind be new which was also in Christ. What is the mind? It's the word of God. Always meditate on the word of God. Do not entertain criticism because if you know who you are, I don't care what they anybody else says. I am a failure in myself but I believe God. I love God and I don't care whatever they say. I am not molded by their criticism. We are molded by the word of God that is being revealed to us. Amen. Hallelujah. 2 Corinthians 3:2. Ye are epistle written to all in our hearts known and read of all men. Praise be to God. Turn in chap verse 5. Then said this man, we shall not find any occasion against this Daniel except we find it against him concerning the law of his God. So they're trying to find fault upon you cannot find fault in his in his manifestation in his life. So what they're trying to do is he said that except we find against him concerning the law of his God. So the only chance to hurt Daniel and to destroy Daniel was to change the law of the land against what Daniel believed and obey and to attach a death penalty to anyone who broke the law. So the word of God is a law that cannot be changed. Amen. So in Daniel chapter 6, he said, "Then this president and princes assemble together to the king. There will be a uniting time, uniting of the word council of churches, uniting of the government, uniting of political everything." Amen. And thus said unto him, King Darius, live forever. So look at the the flatteries. Live forever, oh king. You are the greatest. You are the most powerful. Oh king. But per but be careful when somebody gives you a flattery. Amen. Because behind this flattery there is a motive and objective. Amen. So we don't need the flatteries of men. True. We are here to please God, not to please men. We don't need flatteries. Flattery is good, but we need the C or something. And but their real motives and purpose to get their own way. And look at where all this began. Why they're trying to put down? What is the reason behind? So it was a simple jealousy. It began with a spirit of jealousy in their hearts against faithful and innocent men. Verse seven, all the president of the kingdom, the governors and the princes, the counselors, the captains have consulted together to establish royal statue and to make a firm decree that whosoever shall ask a petition of any god or man for 30 days save of thee, oh king, he shall be cast into the den of the lion. There is only one man, one leadership that they want. Now, oh king, establish a decree and sign the writing that it be not changed according to the law of medicine and Persian which alter it not. Wherefore king Darius sign the writing and a decree. Amen. So there is a decree being released that no man will worship any other god except King Darius. one man government, one oneway church and all it will be happening. There will be a word churches of council of churches gathering together and they want one government, one religion, one word government. Amen. Wherefore King Darius signed the writing and the decree and we know that the law of medicine persian was written and signed could not be changed. And we also know that the word of God cannot be changed either. Amen. Psalm chapter uh 119:89 it says, "Forever, O Lord, thy word is settled in heaven." So it cannot get altered. It's already being settled even before the foundation of the word. Amen. And you cannot add into it and you cannot take away into it. You cannot add your interpretation. Praise God. Because the word of God is already settled in heaven. Hallelujah. So that's why those who believe the word of God has already peace and rest because of the settled word of God. Amen. Amen. Everything is revolving around the promises of God. Yes, sir. Amen. And to settle means to bring to rest, to establish permanently. Amen. Matthew chapter 24:35, he said, "Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my word shall not pass away." That's right. So, we see that We see that there is a secret that lays in this story to show us how the devil uses this strategy many times to try to destroy the people of God. These wicked men knew that the only way to destroy Daniel was to cause the king to sign an unchangeable law. That the penalty was death if that law was disobeyed. And they also knew that Daniel would be forced by his belief to choose between the law of God and the law of men. Amen. So that is the pressure that is coming in. The time has come that they will decree that everybody will want and if you cannot join it, you cannot buy or sell. So that is the strategy. They changed the law. Amen. to destroy our belief right and faith in God. So this was a trap that they thought was foolproof that would destroy Daniel. This is what the bride is going to face before things are over because this has always been the strategy of the devil. This politician couldn't destroy Daniel directly. So they created the law that could not be changed for the purpose to trap him into breaking the law. So Satan is a strategist. He know how to manipulate. Amen. He's subject. So this is the same trick that Satan used in the beginning to bring death into the human race. So let's turn in Genesis chapter 2:1 16. uh Genesis chapter 2 verse 16. And the Lord had commanded the man, saying, "Of every tree of the garden, thou may yes freely eat, but of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it, for the day that eatth thereof, thou shalt not thou shalt surely die." That's the conditional covenant of God. You may eat of the tree but not of the tree of knowledge good and evil but because with the day you eat thereof the day you shall die. That is the law of God and cannot be changed. Cannot be altered. Amen. So Satan couldn't directly hurt Eve in the garden of Eden. So the only way he could destroy her was to get to break a law that could not be changed. A law that if broken had a penalty of death attached to it because the day you eat thereof, the day you die. That's right. Satan is so good. Good strategies. So, Satan's only chance of victory was somehow to get Eve to destroy the law of God. And then God himself would be forced by his own law because his word cannot be altered. the day you eat thereof, the day you die. Amen. To destroy his own children whom he loved, just like King Darius was forced to destroy and whom he loved. So God is trying to fulfill his law. Satan knew that the word of God was a law that could not be changed. Eve didn't know that, but Satan knows about it. He hadn't been around long enough to learn that properly. And that is the same problem. Will the multitude of so-called Christians today? That's right. They do not realize that God's word is like a law that can never under any circumstances be changed. Amen. So we need to be careful. There is a law. The word of God is a law. Whatever you saw, one seed, you will reap a thousand seeds. So look at the inspiration of the devil that came upon these wicked men. All they had to do was get Daniel to break just one single law that couldn't be changed. And in if that law had a death penalty attached to it, then that was the end of the simple just a simple just twist of the word of God. So continue on in Daniel 6 chapter 10. Now when Daniel knew that the writing was signed, now it was the law was being implemented. It was signed. But see Daniel when Daniel knew that the writing was signed, he knew it was already being announced. It was already being in the head news. Right? Instead of panicking, instead of being nervous, instead of worrying too much, the scripture said he went into his house and his windows being open in his chamber toward Jerusalem, he kneel upon his knees three times a day and prayed and gave thanks before his God as he did a poor thing. Amen. So whatever law is being implemented doesn't care for the bride of Jesus Christ because we are focusing on the word promise of God. So we are looking on the promise not on what this constitution being implemented. So that's why when Daniel knew it doesn't matter it just continue what he was going to do. He go there kneel and pray three times. He he was showing it facing Jerusalem. Amen. That's why whatever. So the bride of Jesus Christ don't don't don't be scared of what's happening around us because the scripture was you when you see all these things look up for your redemption is draw at night. Whatever happens around us we have a promise. Hallelujah. Just like Joshua and Caleb when when Moses promised them you I'll give you a promised land. Go to Canaan and spy the land. So when we went there, they saw giant. Caleb and Joshua saw the giant. So is the 10 that goes with them saw the same thing. But when they came back, the 10 had a bad report. Oh, we cannot do it because there was already a giant. But Caleb and Joseph said, "We are more than able to conquer it." Because they are not looking at the circumstances. They are looking at the finished promise of God. You will conquer the land irregardless there is a giant. You will conquer that giant because that is his promise. His promise is no limitation. Irregardless there is a giant or no giant whatsoever. Whatever it in the land it was promised to be yours. Look at the promise not look at the circumstances. Just like in our time we have so many circumstances around us. calamity, wars and rumors of war. But we are not among them. We have a promise. When you look at this, look up. Your redemption is drawn nigh. Let us draw our attentions to the promise. Not to the circumstances around us. Circumstances. Hallelujah. They will fulfill according to the prophecy. But there will be the bride that will fulfill a prophecy in a moment in the twinkling of an eye. Hallelujah. Shall be changed. That is the promise that we're looking after. Yes. Amen. Praise God. Not the circumstances. And pray and give thanks before his God as he did a four time. That's right. Nothing matters. You just continue to pray to praise God. Go to church every Sunday, every Wednesday. Amen. Why you go to church? Because you want to recharge. That's right. We are in a picnic. We are not in a picnic. We are in a battle. So we come here to be recharged. Recharge for another battle. recharge for another battle. Amen. Hallelujah. But the battle is always over because we have the promise to conquer the land. So regardless of any circumstances, we have already conquered it. Hallelujah. So Daniel knew very well what these evil men were up to, but he had already purpose in his heart. You need to determine, Amen. that irregardless of what happens, you will purpose in your heart that you will serve him. Amen. Because in Psalms 27:5, it says, "For in the time of trouble, he shall hide me in his pavilion. In the secret of his tabernacle, he shall hide me, and he shall set me up upon the rock." Hallelujah. In times of trouble. And we are now living in the times of trouble. And Daniel is living in time of trouble because there was a constitution being implemented that whosoever worship any other god beside the king will be killed. Amen. But Daniel just continue on because he look at the promise. When the times of trouble come, he will hide me. Thank you. Not the church will hide us. Not the government will protect. He personally will hide us in his pavilion in the secret place. What is the secret place? It is by the revealed word and upon the rock of revelation and revelation is not wisdom on the word. It was the mind of God coming into our mind. So that's why we express the word of God and that is revelation because it was the mind of God coming in. That's right. Hallelujah. So flesh and blood has not revealed this but your heavenly father revealed this. It was the mind of God coming in and reveal his word. So that's why we can express revelation from our heart. Amen. So that's why David in Psalm 27 expresses confidence in the Lord's protection and salvation. So that way doesn't matter when they implement the law, you just keep on serving the Lord. Amen. So remember that the law was forbidding the asking of petition from any other god save the king. Trying to force Daniel to come under the headship of a man's provision instead of God's leadership. We will come to that amen later on in our because we have a man with a name of biker of Christ. Uh they call that a vicarious fai which is means the biker of god which means instead of the son of god that's right he will want worship a one man he will and he will fulfill that according to the prophecy that is what will be the same pressure in this our time sir they will try to force us to come under man's provision and headship or we or we won't be able to buy or sell. If you can't buy or sell, then that is effectively a death penalty. But we praise the Lord, we cannot enter in because before it happens, we are ready in the presence of the Lord. In verse 11, then these men assembled and found Daniel praying and making supplication before his God. They have already CCTV. They can monitor wherever you want. So in a our presentation even though you don't have anything but they can as long as you have a cell phone they can trace you anywhere you are. So we cannot run away from persecution if that comes. And they, verse 12, and they came near and spake before the king concerning the king's decree. Hast thou not sign a decree that every man that shall ask a petition of any god or man within 30 days? Save of thee, O king shall be cast into the den of lions. And the king answered, the king, the thing is true according to the law of medicine and Persian, which alternat. Once it is written, you cannot alter the law of medicine. Persian. Then answered they and said before the king that Daniel that bromite which always preaching from a dead man's sermon. They don't have any sermon. They don't they are preaching the dead man's sermon. that Brunomite the children of the captivity of Judah regarded not thee, O king, nor the decree that I was signed, but make it his pedition three times a day. Praise the Lord. Amen. So there will be always an accusation coming in. That's right. So that's why we were so excited to go to the word council of churches in Geneva to meet the all the believers and trying to ask is there is there a bonamite called in there? Praise God. And we can see that then the king when he heard his word was sore displeased with himself and set his heart on Daniel to deliver him and he labored till the going down of the sun to deliver him. The king labored when he heard about Daniel because he loved Daniel so much. And we will notice that it happens during the evening time. This is where all this is where we are right now. This is when Satan is sure that he will destroy the bride of Christ for the last time at the evening time. So they gathered together at the evening time. So that's why the king cannot sleep very well. Verse 15. Then these men assembled unto the king. So look at when they are gathering to bring a persecution against Daniel. It was in the evening time. So persecution this is the evening time. True. And said unto the king, oh king, that the law of Medis and Persian is that no decree nor statue which the king established may be changed. Then the king commanded and they brought Daniel and cast him into the den of lion. Now the penalty of the law has been carried on because Daniel has been cast into the den of lions. Judgment has been met and these wicked men were counting on the lions eating Daniel. So they were excited. Now the king spake and said unto Daniel. So the king prophesied to Daniel, thy God whom thou servest continually and he will deliver thee. Amen. Amen. Now at the same time there was a prophetic voice of a king present to encourage Daniel in the lion's den. And we have a prophetic voice, the king of king. Hallelujah. That will lift us our faith in times of trouble. Thank you Lord. Because the voice of the vindicated prophet is to give us hope in this day when all the lions from the pit are set against us. That's right. We have a prophetic voice coming in. Amen. Verse 17. And the stone was brought and laid upon the mouth of the den and the king seal it with his set and with the set of his lords and the purpose might not be changed concerning Daniel. So it is already sealed. Even though how much Daniel begged, oh I how much Daniel beg, but the law must be implemented. And verse 18, then the king went to his palace and passed the night fasting. Neither were instrument of music brought before him and his sleep went from him. So he cannot sleep. thinking about Joseph. Then the king arose early in the morning and went to haste unto the dens of lion. And when he came to the den, he cried with a lamentable voice unto Daniel. And the king spake and said to Daniel, "Oh Daniel, servant of the living God." So King Darius recognize the God of Daniel. Amen. Amen. Oh Daniel, servant of the living God. is thy God whom thou servest continually able to deliver thee from the lion. Amen. Then said Daniel and the king, oh king, live forever. My God had sent his angel and not shut the lion's mouth that they were not hurt me. For as much as before him innocence was found me and before al and also before thee, oh king have I done no hurt. Amen. The God sent in his angel. And according to Psalms 34:7, the angel of the Lord encamped route about him. Amen. About them that fear him and delivered them. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. So the angel control the lion's den. But the next step then when the king exceedingly glad for him and commanded that they should take Daniel up out of the den. So Daniel was taken up out of the den and no matter of hurt was found upon him. Not even a scratch, not anything was found because the scripture said because he believe in his God. Amen. Hallelujah. God is able to protect you. He will hide you in times of trouble in his pavilion. Not even a scratch, not even anything. Hallelujah. Because he because he trusted and believe in God. And verse 24, and then when the king exceeding glad for him, he commanded that they should take Daniel up to den and Daniel was taken out of the den, and no man of hurt was found upon him because he believed in his God. Amen. And the king commanded, and they brought those men which had accused Daniel. So this is the consequences now of those people that go against Daniel. That's right. And they cast them into the lion's den. They were cast into the lion's den. Wow. So whatever you saw you will reap. That's right. Not only they and said that and they cast into the dens of lion them and their children and their wives and the lion had the mastery of them. Mastery attack them and kill them. Not only those wicked politician or men but also their wives and their children. Imagine that. And break all their bones. Break all their bones. As long as you have bones, it will break. The lion will break your bone from the head, from your shoulder, everything in pieces. wherever they came at the bottoms of the den. So I want you to take note this. Look at what these wicked men brought upon their wives and children because of what began as a jealousy in their heart. Amen. Amen. So it happens to them. How about we as sons and daughters of God as men of God in this hour, we must always put God first. Amen. Yes sir. This is what will bring deliverance to our wives, to our children, to our family. Hallelujah. If by going against God, those men brought about destructions of their wives and children, then by staying with the word of God of this hour is what will also bring about salvation to our wives, our children and our family. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It all depends upon the word of God. Remember that whatever you saw, you will weep. Not only those wicked men, their children, their wives, maybe their families are being affected. But if you are true to God, then also our family, our children and everything. God will keep it. Verse 25. Then King Dus wrote unto all the people, nations, and languages that dwell in the earth, peace be multiplied unto you. So after the last temptations of the bride of this day, and peace will reign over the entire earth during the millennium because God can never change his word. So it's better to stay in the word of God in these last days, not in the men's interpretations or any denomination. Let us stay in the word with sincerity. Amen. Yes. Amen. Let us be sincere and be sensitive to the leading of the Holy Spirit. That is the only way that God will keep us. That's right. Because if we stay in his word, well, God never changed his mind about his word. Amen. So the same tactic and Satan never changes tactic too. So let us uh take Balam in uh book of numbers chapter 24. So Balam couldn't directly curse the people of God because what God has blessed will be blessed what God has cursed. So whatever things he do and God is also the the curse will turn into a blessing because you cannot curse whatever God's blessed. That's right. Amen. So that's why if you want to be blessed, bless somebody. Amen. Don't say bad things about somebody, your friend or your family, because if you do, praise God. If you curse those who God's blessed, the curse will be go back to you. Better bless them. Book of Numbers chapter 24. And when Balam saw that it pleased the Lord to bless Israel, he went not as other times to seek for enhancement, but he set his face toward the wilderness. And Baam left his eye and he saw Israel abiding in his tent according to their tribes and the spirit of God came upon them. Whatever God bless will be a blessing. Whatever you do to God's children, God is always protecting them. So in verse 24 uh chapter 24 verse 12 13 and Balam said unto Balac spake I not also to thy messengers which thou sendest unto me saying if Balac would give me his house full of silver and gold. I cannot go beyond the commandment of the Lord to do either good or bad of my own mind but what the Lord has said that will I speak. Amen. So remember the purpose of bail would if Balac would give me his house and full of silver and gold. Notice that what was deep down in Balam's heart, he was motivated by money. He was using religion falsely to acquire wealth. So whenever you see a man making vast sum of money out of religion, you know it is the same spirit that was on Balum. And we can see a lot of them and many of them. Amen. In our lifetime. You open the televisions, you can see all of that. Every manifestations you can see. So in the book of numbers, so he cannot curse what God had blessed. So in verse 25 he said and when Israel abode in shittim and the people began to commit wardom and the daughters of Moab. So they are getting mixed up with the word just like Eve got mixed with the serpent. So they try to compromise. So that is the only thing that they could do is to mix confuse the believers and they called the people unto the sacrifice of their gods. And the people did eat and bow down to their gods. And Israel joined unto Balpure. And the anger of the Lord was kindled against Israel. And the Lord said unto Moses, "Take all the heads of the people and hang them up before the Lord against the son." So somebody say, "God is love. But if you go against the love of God, then judgment strike." Amen. The Lord said unto Moses, "Take all the heads of the people and hang them up before the Lord against the son, and that the fierce anger of the Lord may be turned away from Israel." And Moses said unto the judges of Israel, "Slay ye everyone his men that were joined with Balpure." So death follow Israel when they mix together with unbelief. Balam tricked Israel into joining them in a false worship because the commandment said that thou shalt not worship any other god besides me. Amen. And all those whose names are written in the lamb's book of life shall worship the e beast and be destroyed. Revelation chapter 13:E8. Because who you worship reveals your destiny. Amen. You can worship anything. You can worship a man. You can worship your wife. You can worship anything. Who you worship reveals your destiny. And so in Romans chapter 1 verse 25 28 who changed the truth of God into a lie and worshiped and served the creator more than the creator who is blessed forever. Amen. For this god gave them up into a vile affliction. vile affliction, disgraceful passion or desire. Yeah. Or shamefully wicked. Amen. For this cause God gave them up unto vile affection. For even the women did change the natural use into that which is against nature. And likewise also the men leaving the natural use of a woman, burning their last ones toward another, men with men working that which is unsemingly and receiving in themselves that recompense of their error which was meat. And even as they did not like to retain God in the knowledge of uh to retain God in their knowledge, God gave them over to a reprobate mind. Reprobate mind means unfit mind. A per perverted way of thinking. Reprobate mind to do to do those things which are not convenient. So when these people of reprobate mind sin, they are breaking the law of God. That cannot be changed. And the law of God said the wages of sin is death. God does not directly destroy them. He just let them sin the way they want to because they have already rejected the word of God. Amen. Then their penalty of the law of God that cannot be changed applies to them. For the wages of sin cannot is death. But remember for the believers, Christ took the penalty of sin upon himself at Calvary. Thank you Lord. He who knows no sin becomes sin that we might become this very righteous. He took the sin to himself so that we might be free from the judgment. Romans 5:8 verse 13 uh verse Romans 5 verse 8. But God commanded his love toward us in that while we were yet sinners Christ died for us. Amen. Can we say praise the Lord for that? Amen. much more than being now justified by his blood, we shall be saved from wrath through him. And if when we were enemies, we were reconciled to God by the death of his son, much more being reconciled, we shall be saved by his life. Amen. And not only so, but we also joy in God through our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom we have now received the atonement. Amen. Wherefore by one man sin into the word and death by sin and death pass upon all men. For that all have sin. For unto the law sin was in the word but sin is not imputed when there is no law. So remember that Satan's whole purpose is try to get you to break the word of God. That is his main purpose because the word of God is a law that God himself will be forced to bring judgment upon you if that law is broken. Yes, that has always been Satan's number one trick down through the ages since Eden. And he had using this technique. That's right. He was so successful in the technique. But notice carefully how God delivered Daniel out of this trap reveals how God will also deliver us. Amen. in this hour. Daniel chapter 6:22 he said that my God hath sent his angel and shut the lion's mouth that they have not heard me. God sent his angel to us also in this hour because the devil is as a roaring lion seeking whom he may devour. That's right. All that to do have an angel sent to them to protect them in this hour will be debared. If you don't receive the angel, you will be devoured by the lions. The roaring lions in this last day. So the angel descended, praise God, to deliver or to preserve life in the face of a hungry lion. Angel descended to preserve the life of Daniel. That's right. Angel descended to deliver Sadra, Mesak, and Abednego in a fiery furnace. An angel descended to deliver Peter from the hand of Herod. An angel descended to Mary and Joseph, and they escaped Herod's decree of death to kill the babies. An angel descended to the tomb where Jesus was buried and rolled away the stone at the resurrection of Christ. And we have also an angel coming down or descended. Revelation 10:1, the mighty angel of God. Thank you, Lord. And in Revelation 22:16, he said, "I Jesus sent mine angel to testify unto you. I am the root and offspring of David and bright and morning star." An angel have two things when they were sent. According to Exodus 23:20, behold, I send an angel before thee, to keep thee in a way, and to bring thee into a place which I have prepared. Angel will do two things. To keep thee in the way. He will keep us in trouble because there is always a place being prepared for us. Amen. So our place is not here. Our place is to be with him. That's right. because he already prepared the mansions. Where I go, you shall go also. Hallelujah. Amen. So, what protects the church of God? The angel that was sent to testify the word of God to us. That's what the seven church age messenger were all about. That's right. Is to protect us. Thank you, Lord. And now, what about this hour when the pit has been open and Satan is roaring a lion seeking whom he may devour? the the bottomless pit was open. Revelation chapter nine through the spirit was come out. So he's now roaring like a lion waiting whom he may devour. But thank God he sent us angel to protect us, give us the way and to protect us to the place. Hallelujah. So we have the consolation. We have the grace of God in our lives. Thank you. So what happened then in the time of Daniel will be happening now in our day. So we are ready whatever happens that will come and will be fulfilled in our day. We have already sure promise that God will deliver us because he already sent his angel. Amen. So there was a greater law that met the challenge of the trap of the enemy and the penalty of death and that was the law of the love of God and the way of escape that God has provided for every true believer that put their trust in him. The law of God cannot be changed. But the grace of God took that law upon himself and met his own judgment and sent an angel to shut the mouth of the lion. Thank you. The same thing. Amen. and always says do not look don't look at the empty seat because angel are sitting right here. Amen. With us. Hallelujah. Amen. They were created to worship God. So we don't look at the quantity, we look at the quality. Amen. And I believe that angels is with us tonight. Amen. Thank you, Lord. The only thing is that they cannot enjoy what we enjoy. That's right. They were created to worship God, but they were not being redeemed because they don't understand what the salvation is all about. In Revelation 4, when Jen was caught up, come up here and show you things to come. There were there were elders surrounded the throne. Yes. And they worshiping praising God. Oh blessed God, the creator who created all things. He was a creator. He created all things. He created the angels to worship him. Amen. That's the only thing that the angel knows. Create to worship him. Oh, blessed art thou holy. Hallelujah. Glory to God. That's the only thing he knows. The same likewise if we know God as only the creator. That's why we know him as a creator. Our concept is just always asking God. Lord give me this. Lord give me a job. Lord give me a wife. Lord give me a good understand. Lord give me this. Uh Lord because he is only a creator. You just asked him as a creator, as a savior, our provider. But when the seal was open, praise God. Their worship as a creator turn into as a great redeemer. So it becomes so personal, God revealing himself and angel don't know anything about redeemer. That's right. Because they are not experiencing. So in the scripture, if you don't respondse to the word of God, you are just like angels. Don't know what we what what he's preaching. I don't hear angel rejoice upon hearing the word. Amen. Because we are being redeemed. They sing a new song. That's right. In Revelation 5, they sing a new revelation. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. The revelations from creator into a redeemer. It becomes so personal because the book was the was the name written in the book and our name written is the book. So that's why we rejoice in the Lord of God. Praise the Lord. Was the love of God. Amen. So last quotation I know you are tired so preaching brother and I'm tired too but but we are here to worship God. That is the only purpose that we are here. Whether you are tired or not, if you want to be blessed, just come. You expect something from the Lord, you get what you expect. That's right. If you expect to sleep, just sleep quietly. But you expect to be blessed. I believe that you will be blessed because the prophet said you can get what you every time you go into the church, you expect something. Even the preacher cannot preach. Just pray for him that he can preach because it is the gift of God. Hallelujah. So you cannot question the gift of God. the the gift of God will just operate sometime in silence. You're expecting but your expectation is or you're expecting a revival. But he preached very just like teacher. Do you feel disappointed? If you are disappointed, you need to be in the altar praying because God can do whatever he want. That's right. He may not meet your expectation because your expectation revival but he give just a simple message and sometimes you react. So your reaction is what the one that counts not the preacher because he will just preach according to the inspiration. Amen. You need to try to learn to accept whatever God's is giving among us. Sometime we receive steak. Sometimes we ate seafood but tonight maybe just vegetable salad. Praise the Lord. Amen. But you are being invited to eat. Just enjoy what is being served. That's right. It is your attitudes toward the word that is being count. That's right. Amen. We just enjoy every do not forsake the assembling of the the saints. Whatever food is being present, just enjoy it. If you cannot you today, just maybe the next time I will go, maybe there's a stake. Oh, it's always you're always in great expectation. Amen. Everybody's being saved just enjoy it. Hallelujah. Because we are now being trained to accept whatever God's want to give us. Amen. And if you're not satisfied with the preacher sometime you feel you're going out but you will miss the point if you were going out. That's right. Maybe at the last moment the word that was being prepared for you when you go out you're you cannot just like brother Warren said when you are just in the live streaming just like you're you're you're looking at the cooking cooking demonstration you cannot smell you cannot eat you just baiting oh that's but you cannot enjoy it because it's just in but if you are live in a live services. Yes sir. When somebody is coming and picking what they you're just enjoying too. Amen. Brother, what are you picking? I am picking a fruit. Oh, what is your So we are enjoying ones another's fellowship. That's right. Amen. Because the word of God is being now being fulfilled. The pope is being so let us not focus about the the fulfillment of the the the pope from America. Let us focus how God cemented his bride. They are not glued because if you are glued there at a time, expiration date and it will turn loose. But the prophecy there will be cemented by love and we believe that the love is the capstone ministry that is we are cemented by the love of God in these last days. So let us not focus on the pope but let us focus the prophecy that one of these days we will be cemented by love and that love is the word of God being revealed in our day. We have just one mind, one focus on one attention and one goal and that is the changing of our body. Gal so last quotations the mighty conqueror. He said, "I believe that every word can never be changed if God has once spoke it." Amen. And it's forever the truth. Amen. You and I keep learning more wisdom. You know, more now than you did a few years ago. We are progressing. We are keep on learning. A little girl sitting here now, she's just a child. Her parent has to lead her. After a while, she'll grow up and probably in her days she progresses. She might be smarter than her ma mother is now. Especially in our days that all the the the children their babysitter is the uh iPad or something like that. That's the babysitter. Just like in the Philippines, all the children are American or English speakaking with American accent. They don't go to school yet, but they speak. I am ashamed to face them because they speak fluent English with English accent because they are being babysat by the YouTube. Amen. What they're looking so they adapt. Yes. And some are British accent. Unfortunately, sister Joseph and nephew is listening to our Russian. So we speak Russian. So whatever is being fed that will you adopt. So they have babysitter. They are learning and learning and learning. Yes. You know she progress she might be smarter than her brother is now cuz she keeps progressing but God is infinite. Amen. He can change. He was perfect to begin with. He will be the same at the end. He can't change. So whatever his attitude was towards anything in the Bible, it has to be the same now or he did wrong the way he acted then. So he's got to never change. Amen. That's why we can rest our soul in the unfailing word of the promises of God because the word of God can never change. Hallelujah. People change. Wait a minute. Government change but the word will never change according to his promise. He will never change his mind about his word concerning your salvation, concerning your healing, concerning your deliverance. If you believe the word of God, he will never change his promises. Amen. In whatever circumstance, he will never change. As long as you have the right mental attitude toward his promise, then he is subligated because his word cannot change. He's going to fulfill it. So let us stand tonight. Hallelujah. [Applause] So he give us eternal life, inspiration. Are you excited? Amen. My brothers and sisters, so we began to adapt to the situation of your church. Yeah. Sometimes the preaching is not the way you expect it, but God that's God's way. That's right. So, we need to learn to adjust ourselves to the will of God, not to our feelings, not to our wants. Because just like when you pray, Lord said when you pray in my name, I will do it. Amen. But he didn't say immediately. That's right. When you pray maybe it took how many years? So your attitudes toward your prayer counts. Sometimes you say wait and you need to trust him more and more. Amen. And sometimes you pray for healing it didn't come to pass. Just keep on praying. That's right. Just keep on believing. Just keep on claiming you'll never. And sometimes when you pray he said yes no [Music] the answers of no is as good as yes. Amen. Amen. And sometime he say wait. So God balance his children. So we need to go according to the way he wants us to go. That's right. Yes. But one thing is sure, when you pray in his name, he will do it according to his time, according to his season. And according to how we submit ourselves to his will. Amen. What is that? So it's got it all in control. Whatever our situations today, we are living in the most exciting time. Amen. [Music] And when you try to commit everything unto the Lord, you will see supernatural things in your life. There sometimes we decide to serve God, but we have something reservation. We will serve God, but I will just keep my computer games behind. I will serve God but uh I still have so many issues in life so I cannot fully surrender my life. Don't waste your time my brothers and sisters this is a time that we need to consecrate our life. Amen. Forget everything that's hinder you for God to manifest his word in that way. We are living in the most glorious day. Amen. Because God is not respector of any person. He don't look at our status in life. He look at our heart. Amen. And he is pleased to receive us. Thank you Lord. In his life. So whatever situation you are in, remember the word of God can never change. Amen. Thank you, Lord. He's got it all in control. So, let's say it all in the spirit of the Lord. He's got it all in control. He's got it all in control. Oh, he's put that reassurance way down in my soul. He's got it all in control. My father knows. My father knows what I need. My father knows what I need. In everything I go through, he knows what's best for me. My father knows what I need. I've put my life in his hands. I've put my life in his hands. So every road I walk down, I'm sure it's in his plan. I've put my life in his hands. He's got it all in control. He's got it all in control. Oh, he's put that reassur way down in my soul. He's got it all in control. Amen. Brother Jonathan, if you could come close our service in a word of prayer this evening. [Music] All right, let's pray. Lord, heavenly father, thank you, Lord, for another opportunity to come into your house. Lord, you have everything in control. You're watching over us no matter what's happening in our lives. Lord, thank you, Lord, for the word we've heard tonight, Lord. Restore Brother Mario, and watch over us on our way home, Lord, and bring us back on Sunday, Lord, ready to hear from you. Thank you, Lord. We love you, Lord. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. He is able, more than able. He is aable, more than able to accomplish what concerns me today. He is aable, more than a to handle anything that comes my way. He is aable, more than able to do much more than I could ever dream. He is aable, more than a to make me what he wants me to be. Amen. God bless you. See you Sunday. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] is heat. [Music] Oh, [Music] the Lord. [Music]
