################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-23 - The Revealing of the Open Book was a Declaration of War Part 2 - Bro. Ron Peterson - Ron Peterson - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-23
Title:   The Revealing of the Open Book was a Declaration of War Part 2 - Bro. Ron Peterson
Speaker: Ron Peterson
Church:  Evening Light Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yNPmX6oUt-I
========================================

[Music] Amen. I know you love me. Let's sing this morning. Redemption by blood. That's the greatest love story for restoration for redemption. That's what seven angels in a cloud testify. My redeemer's no longer dead. He's risen and he's coming back for you and me. Let's worship him this morning. So I'm casting all my cares on you. I know you love me. redemption by blood. And that's the greatest love story. And for restoration, for redemption, that's what seven angels in a cloud testify. My redeemer's no risen. He's coming back for you and me. Let's give him a praise offering this morning. Amen. We love him this morning. He's such a good God to us. Amen. Want to welcome back the ones that have been traveling, been traveling the Wallace. Good to have them back. Brother Jerry Sers, it's good to have you back in the house of the Lord today. God bless you today. Amen. any other guests that if you've been traveling, we welcome you in the name of the Lord Jesus. He looked beyond my faults and he saw my needs. Thank you, Lord. Oh, he's a good God this morning. He doesn't look at our faults, but he provides for our needs this morning. Are you thankful for that today? Let's worship him. Amazing grace shall always be my song of praise. For it was grace that bought my liberty. Lord, I thank you for that this morning. I do not know just how he came to love me. So he looked beyond my fault and saw my Can you lift your voice and sing to him? I shall for it. Lift mine eyes to Calvary for to build the cross where Jesus died for me. How marvelous the grace and called my falling soul. He looked beyond my fault and saw my need. Amen. Second verse. I was God's grace that brought me out of darkness. Oh, he's amazing this morning to the light that I can clearly see. And I'll shout it from the mountains and the valley. He looks beyond my life. Lord, we say thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I shall pour it. Lift mine eyes to count for rich the cross where Jesus died for me. How marvelous [Music] the grace and gold my falling soul. He looks beyond my s. He's He's already provided before we need to read the needs this morning. He's already provided. He's already provided. [Music] Everything you need, he's already provided. Every promise you can claim, just ask it in his name. Everything you need. He's already what you need today. He's already provided it. Let's sing it again. Oh, he's already provided. He's already and he provided. [Music] Everything you need, he's already provided. We believe it this morning. Every promise you can claim, just ask it in his name. [Music] everything you need. He's already provided. He's got it all in control. He's got it all in control. He's got it all in. Amen. Let's sing that this morning. We have several needs. He's got it all. Amen. In control. He's got it all in control. He's put that reassur way down in my soul. Oh, he's got it all. He's got it all in my father knows. [Music] My father knows what I need. Lord, we thank you for being our provider today. My father knows what I need. And everything I go through, he knows what's best for me. My father knows. [Music] Our request for today, our request today, we want to remember the following needs that have been turned in this morning. Brother James Torrren says, "Please remember our family and for traveling mercies that we will be leaving on the 28th and be gone for 10 days." So, let's remember them as they travel. We have a lot of saints that are traveling this weekend and this summer. May the Lord be with them and give them traveling mercies. When I remember the Garveys, Brother Shawn and Sister Jan are still up in Washington helping finalize to move Brother Shawn's brother down here. Lord, give them strength and be with them as they're taking this huge task under their hands. So, let's remember them. Want to remember brother Steven McNeely. He leaves this week to go to Australia. He'll be speaking some special services down there. Pray for brother Steven. The Lord would use him in a mighty way as he travels down there. Brother Mario would like us to remember him. He's still not feeling well. Let's ask the Lord to come by brother Mario's house today and just touch him in a mighty way. Brother Andrew Kennedy, he's not feeling well as well. He's got fever, aches, and playing praying for a quick recovery. Let's remember these needs today. Do you have a need today? Amen. I put my trust in him this morning. Amen. My father knows what I need. If you got a need, just lift it to him this morning. My father, brother Matt Fielding. Brother Matt Fielding, if you'll come lead us in prayer this morning. And everything I go through what's best for me, my Now let's sing. I put my life in his hands. And if you got a need this morning, lift your knee to him. I put my life I put my life in his hands. I put my life in his hands. [Music] So every road I walk down, I'm sure is in his place. I put my life in. You pray with brother Matt as he leads us in prayer for the needs this morning. Let's all pray. Thank you, heavenly father, for this day, for bringing us here, Lord. We put our lives in your hands, Lord Jesus. We need you this morning, Lord. We need you to reveal yourself to us, Father. We pray for the word, Lord, that it would guide us and lead us and reveal to us your desire in our lives, Lord. Father, we ask for each one of the needs, Lord, for traveling mercies, for James and his family, for brother Steven and Australia. What a great undertaking, Lord. We pray you'd bless the the ministry out there, Lord, and [Music] for all the health needs. Lord, thank you for bringing Brother Jerry back to church, Lord, and heal in his body, Lord. Continue to be with him, Father. I know I have great needs on my heart, Lord. And we just ask for all things in your name, Father. And be with the minister this morning, Lord Jesus, and teach us and reveal to us, correct us, love us, Lord. You provide all our needs, Father. And we put it all in your hands, Lord Jesus. In your precious name we pray. Amen. Amen. You may have your seats this morning. Remember to pray for Israel. And now that the United States is involved with Iran, we're definitely in troublesome times, but we have a God that's got it all in control. Amen. The Lord's good. Can you say amen? Amen. Where could I go but to the Lord? Go to him because he's got all the answers this morning. Living below in this old sinful world hardly a comfort can afford and try being alone to face temptation. So tell me where could I go but to the Lord. Sing it. Where could I go? Where could I go? Oh, seeking a refuge for my soul. Anything up to help me in the end. Just tell me where could I go but to the Lord. And neighbors are kind. I love them everyone. and we get along and sweet accord. [Music] Now when my soul needs mana from above, just tell me where could I go but to the Lord. And where could I go? Where could I go? and seeking a refuge for my soul. I need a friend to help me in the end. Just tell me where could I go but to the Lord. and life here is grand with friends I love so dear and comfort I get from God's own word [Music] when I face the chilling hand of death tell me where could I go but to the Lord oh where could I go where could I roll seeking a refuge for my soul to help me in the end. Where could I go but to the Lord? [Music] So take up your cross and follow Jesus. Oh, take up your cross. Oh, every day. [Music] Don't be ashamed. Just say that you know him. Count up the cross and take up your cross and follow him. I'll take up my cross. I'll take up my cross and I'll follow Jesus. I'll take up my cross oh every day and I won't be ashamed. Just saying that you know him. Count up the cost. I'll take up my cross and follow him wherever I go. Wherever I go, I'll praise him whenever I can. I'll praise him for his love surround me like a sea. And I'll praise the name of Jesus. I lift up the name of Jesus. For the name of Jesus lifted me. Sing it again. Wherever I go, praise him whenever I can. I'll praise him for his love. It surrounds me like a sea. I'll praise the name of Jesus. I'll lift up the name of Jesus for the name. Has he done this for you? Sing it again. Wherever I go, I'll praise him whenever I can. I'll praise him for his love surrounds me like a sea. I'll praise the name. I lift up the name of Jesus. For the name of Jesus lifted me. Hallelujah. I'm thankful for the name of Jesus this morning. Amen. And let's all stand this morning. We're going to be singing two songs this morning. And uh the second one, you can't stand you can't sing it sitting down. So the first one we're going to sing is we're together again. And then keep on the fire and line this morning. We're together again praising the Lord. We're together again. [Music] Just praising the Lord. We're together again. And what a cool Oh, something good is going to happen. Something good is in store. We're together again. Just praising the Lord. One more time. We're together again. Just praising the Lord. We're together again in one accord. [Music] Something good is going to happen. Something good is in store. We're together again. Amen. That's what he wants us to do is to praise him. If you're in a battle, praise the Lord. If you're on the sidelines getting help from the medic, the Holy Spirit, praise the Lord. Wherever you are, just praise the Lord. If you're in the battle for the Lord and right. Let's sing that this morning. If you're in the battle for the Lord and bride. Oh, keep on the line. If you and my brother, surely you must find. Oh, keep on the red line. There are many days that we all must fear. If we die, there is no disgrace. coward in the service. He will find no place. So keep on the red line. Oh, you must fight. We pray against all evil. Never ever run or even lack behind. If you would win for God and the right, just keep on the Amen. God will only use a soldier he can trust. So keep on the red line. If you wear a crown then bear the cross you must. Oh keep on the red line. Life is but for the master dear. Help to banish evil and to spread good cheer. Great shall be rewarded for your service here. So keep on the fight line. You must fight. You must fight. Be free. But against all evil, never ever run. Even like behind. If you would win for God in the rock, just keep on the fight. Amen. When we get to heaven, brother will. I'll be glad. [Music] I will praise the Savior for the call we've had deep in mind. When we see the souls that we have helped to win empty a path of sin with a shout of welcome we will all march in. So keep on singing a chorus. So you must fight. Be brave against all evil. Never ever on even like behind. If you would win for God course again. Course again. Oh you must fight. Be brave against never ever even like behind. If you would win for God, just keep on the firing line. Father, I see that you were drawing a line in the sand and I want to be standing on your side, holding your hand. So let your kingom come and let it live in me. This is my It's my prayer. This is my plea. Let the worshippers around. Let the sons and the daughters sing. I surrender my own. I surrender to the king. Let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. [Music] I'm surrendering my heart. Surrender to second verse. We're singing redemption song right now. Our go without the song of purity. As the saints from every nation are awakening to sing from our hearts there comes the nom. Oh here heaven's ring is it redemption song to our king. Worippers arise. Brother John Duncan if you'll come sing. Brother John. Let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my my own. I surrender to the king. Let the worry. Let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering. [Music] I surrender to the Give the Lord a hand clap offering as you're taking your seat this morning. Amen. God bless you this morning. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. It is so sweet to trust in Jesus. Amen. for grace to trust him more. Amen. It's so sweet to trust in Jesus. Just to take him at his word, just to rest upon his promise, just to know. Thus saith the Lord. Jesus. Jesus. How I trust him. How I proved him more and more. Jesus. Jesus. Preious Jesus. Oh, for grace to trust him more. Oh, how sweet to trust in Jesus. Just to trust his cleansing blood. Just in sinful faith to plunge the heing cleansing flood. Jesus. Jesus. How I trust him. How I proved him more and more. Jesus, Jesus, precious Jesus. Oh, for grace, to trust him more. Yes, it is sweet to trust in Jesus just from sin and self to seize. Just from Jesus simply taking life and rest and joy and peace. Jesus, Jesus, how I trust him. How I've proved him all and all. Jesus, Jesus, precious Jesus. Oh, for grace to trust him more. I'm so glad I learned to trust thee, precious Jesus, Savior, friend. And I know that thou art and with me will be with me to the end. Jesus, Jesus, how I trust him. How I've proved him more and more. Jesus, Jesus, preious Jesus. Go for grace to trust him more. Blessed be his name. God bless you. Amen. Thank you, brother John. God bless you. Appreciate that song special. What a beautiful song that is to trust him. Amen. Amen. We have pictures now of brother Steven and sister Emily's son that was born last Saturday night right before midnight. cell phone bill. We'll put those up for Lewis Tape Manard. Amen. Lord bless them and the Manard household. I think we have one more as well. So, we want to congratulate Stephen and Emily and may the Lord bless them and Lil Wyatt and Lil Lewis as well. Let's give them a round of applause this morning. Let's all stand this morning as we get ready to change the order of the service. Whatever you're going through, Jesus is the master of it all. Amen. I'm glad I know the master of the wind this morning. He controls the wind and the waves. He spoke to the waves and said, "Peace, be still." And the waves had to obey him. [Music] If you feel like you're sinking or drowning, look to Jesus. Amen. If the wind's blown on your house and you've claimed Jesus to be your savior, he is the chief cornerstone and he's a rock and your house is built upon something that will stand the winds of time. My boat of life sails on a troubled sea. Ever there's a wind in my You have a friend that's sticking closer than a brother. I have a friend who's watching over me. Oh, when the bri turns into a king. I know. I know the master of the wind. [Music] I know the maker of the rain. And he can calm the storm and make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. Sometimes I soar like an eagle to the high among the peaks. My soul can be found. [Music] An unexpected storm may drop me from the heart. It may bring but it'll ne never bring me down. I know the master ofbody. [Music] [Applause] And he can calm the storm and make the sun to shine again. I know. I know. If you know him this morning with the power of his resurrection, lift your hand and sing. I know the master of the wings. I know the maker of the rain and he can calm the storms and make sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. Let's just bow our heads. Heavenly Father, what a privilege it is to come into your house once again to learn of you. That we might know you in the power of your resurrection. That we might know our position, our placing. Yes, Lord. That we might have that authority, Father. Because when we're out of position, we have no authority. But when we are positioned in Christ, we can do all things through Christ which strengthens us. Hallelujah. Father, I pray now that you will take what we have studied, what you have placed upon my heart. Let it be transferred to the minds of the people. But most of all, Father, may be transferformed, Father, into a manifestation that our life would live a life that is pleasing to you. Yes, Lord. Father, help us now as we uh come into this portion of the service. We need your guidance. We need your inspiration. We need the quickening power of the Holy Spirit come down. Make the word live to us. Father, we thank you. We praise you. We ask these things for your glory in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you, saints. Let's just remain standing if we could please. And uh let's turn to the book of Ephesians chapter 6 verses 10-13. We'll go to 2 Corinthians 10. Then 1 Corin 1 Timothy 1. Ephesians chapter 6 verse 10 through13. Finally my brethren be strong in the Lord. and in the power of his might. Put on the whole armor of God that you may be able to stand against the ws of the devil. Amen. For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. Amen. Wherefore take unto you the whole armor of God that you may be able to withstand in the evil day and having done all to stand. Amen. Amen. Turn with me to 2 Corinthians chapter 10. 2 Corinthians 10 verses 3-5. For though we walk in the flesh, we do not war after the flesh. For the weapons of our warfare are not carnal. Amen. But mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds. Amen. casting down imaginations and everything that exalteth itself against the knowledge of God and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ. Amen. The weapons of our warfare are not carnal. That's right. It's not something that you fight with physical things. So, we've got to know how to war our warfare. Turn with me if you would. 1 Timothy 1. First Timothy 1:es 18 through 20. This charge I commit unto thee, son Timothy, according to the prophecies which went before on thee, that thou by them mightest war a good warfare, holding faith and a good conscience, which some having put away concerning faith have made shipwreck. of whom is Himenius and Alexander whom I have delivered unto Satan that they may not learn to blaspheme. May God bless the reading of his word. You all may be seated this morning in the presence of the Lord. Now, as I launch off into this uh let's call it a platform because for the next couple services, I'm going to take and launch off into the frontline battles of the end time. And I want all of you to understand that none of you are exempt. Amen. man, woman, child, holy ghost fil, every one of you are going to be subject to powers, principalities, times of deception, spiritual warfare, going to come against you. That's right. We're going to look at it in the physical and in the spiritual realm. We're going to touch onto the realm of demonology. We're going to look at these channels that the enemy will use to come against each one of you. Brother Brennham said the enemy has a lick coming against you and you need to keep that area covered. Amen. That is your Achilles heel. So depending on you, your nature, your character will depend on the area that you need to cover the most. We know right now that there are two kingdoms in conflict. the kingdom of heaven and the kingdom of Satan. And so we we know that the battle started in heaven, but Satan was cast out of heaven down to earth and he became the god of this wicked world. Amen. Or this evil age. So now he wants to rise himself above God. That's what he's doing. This is Satan's Eden. That's right. So, he wants to raise himself up above God, make himself as God. And so, now they have this conflict going on. And guess what? It became a human conflict. And we inherited it. And so, every one of us are going to have to fight. And it depends on how you how well you know your enemy. Now, when you study warfare and they study ambush techniques, you have to know what to look for in an ambush. Because the enemy that you can spot is not the one that will kill you. That's right. It is a guy camouflage that is hidden that is up in the tree or is somewhere that is hiding behind some sort of a camouflage that you don't recognize. That's the one. That's why they say those men that were that walked point in the jungles of Vietnam, they said they had to be a trained seasoned warrior. They look for booby traps. They look for something that they said there was something that those men had a sense, an ability when they're walking into a a valley, into an area, all of a sudden something told him something's wrong. And he would put his hand up. All the men would stop. He may tell them to drop. Not knowing what's going to happen, not even knowing for sure if it is an ambush, but there was a sense that he had that he could tell his men why he's wanting to protect his men. Amen. And I believe saints of God that we have entered into a conflict in the end time right now where the enemy is doing all that he can to try to deceive, destroy. Amen. Separate and do everything he can to take you out of the battle. Amen. So we know the contest is on. Amen. You better learn to fight. You know, I thought I would just give you a little bit of an idea of the direction in which I want to go. But I want to uh before I I read the scriptures, I did not give it to the brethren. But if you you brethren want to pull up Judges 3:es 1 through3, pull that up in a minute and then we'll show the brethren. But this is uh the title, the revealing of the open book. Now, we all rejoice. Praise God. The open book. We're eating from the open book. And and as we eat and it's sweet in my mouth, bitter in my belly. And so the revealing of the open book was actually a declaration of war. And I want to take for a subject as the spiritual warfare at the end time. Got a quote where I'm going to show you. Brother Bram says, I want to show you where the frontline battles are happening today. It'll happen in all of your lives. If you're single or if you're married, if you have children, if you don't have children, He's going to do everything that he can to try to destroy you. If you're married, he's going to try to destroy your marriage. You need to know how to fight this fight. Amen. And then if you and your wife are getting along and then you have children and they raise up, they come to an age and guess what? If you even though you have trained them up in the way they should go, sometimes they don't go that way. You need to teach them war. Now, I'm going to show you. Let's go to the book of Judges, chapter, let's see here. Judges 3. So, you turn back into your Old Testament here. In Judges 3:1, these are the nations which the Lord left. Isn't it amazing that God did not drive out all of the inhabitants from the land of Canaan, but he left some that you have to drive out, that you have to fight, that you have to have spiritual warfare with. Now, most of all would love to have a God who says, "Hey, just go clear the land, take them all out, and I don't have to do nothing. Just go possess it." Wouldn't that be nice? But that's, you know what Jesus said? Look, he says, "I send you as sheep among wolves." What kind of love is that of a shepherd? If you love me, why in the world do you put me among wolves? God tries to insulate you but not isolate you. The greatest place for your light to shine is in a place that's the most dark. Amen. So in Judges chapter 1, excuse me, chapter 3 verse one. Now these are the nations which the Lord left to prove Israel. by them even as many of Israel as had not known all the wars of Canaan. In other words, these guys have never been in a fight. They've never been in war. They've never been in a skirmish. These guys know nothing of war. So, watch what God tells them. only that the generations of the children of Israel might know to teach them war. At the least such as before knew nothing thereof. They don't know nothing about warfare. They've never fought a fight. Verse three, namely five lords of the Philistines and all the Canaanites and the Sidonians and the Hivites that dwelt in Mount Lebanon from Mount Baal Hermon unto the entering in of Hmath, that they were to prove Israel by them, and to know whether they would hearken unto the commandments of the Lord, which he commanded their fathers by by the hand of Moses. And the children of Israel dwelt among the Canaanites, Hittites, Amorites, Perizzites, and Hivites, and Jebusites. And they took their daughters to be their wives. Remember now I had showed you before he says whatever you do when you go into the land don't let your daughters be given to their sons nor your sons given to their daughters lest they take your children away from that which will be serving God. They took their daughters to their wives and gave their daughters to their sons and served their gods. And the children of Israel did evil in the sight of the Lord, and forget the Lord their God, and served Balum and the groves. Therefore, the anger of the Lord was hot against Israel, and he sold them under the hand of Kushan Risham, king of Mesopotamian, children of Israel, Sir Kushashrithium, eight years. May God bless the reading of his word. I want all of you to understand that we are in a time of war. Amen. Isn't it amazing that right now America, our president has said to go ahead and to bomb Iran? We're in the midst of wars and rumors of wars. There are many that are saying, "Oh my, oh my, we're going to go into a world war." And we might. This is a time of conflict. Amen. And so, you know, I'm not here to talk about it politically. I'm here to say we are in the time of wars and rumors of wars. So, let me show you a quote now as we go into our sermon this morning. In 1956, Brother Brandon preaches the resurrection of Jesus. Now, we have a great ministry out, the ministry of the forerunning of the coming of this ministry that's coming on now. The great climax is at hand. The great warfare between the devil and God is going on. The scene is being set for the final front lines. There's where I will be launching off the final front lines. He says the conflict is on. How many believe he's a prophet of God? And he said the final front lines are there. And he he says where the clash will come and God will reign and rule for the lamb was with them overcome them for he is the Lord of lord and king of kings and he will ride down every opposition. Now if we fail to study war and the effects of the war and of the spiritual warfare, you might just become a casualty of war and get taken out. Amen. Your kids, taken out. taken away from church, away from the message, away from the thing that God has sent to get you out of here. So it depends on how serious you take this warfare. Amen. If you take it lightly and say, "Ah, it's no big thing." We are in the worst of all ages. 1963, Brother Brenham said, "God hiding in simplicity. It's just like an army going to fight. We got spies in England. England's got spies here." And he goes on, he said, "It's a warfare. The greatest warfare is going on in a spiritual warfare." Now, I don't want you to focus on the natural warfare, but spiritual warfare. So you have to put your spiritual thinking cap on. Uh what do you mean brother Ron by spiritual warfare and how do we fight it? Now remember even as the scriptures said that our warfare is not after the flesh. It's not carnal but the pulling down of strongholds. Now let me just stop for a moment and talk about strongholds. Some of you who whether inadvertently or through naivity or through ignorance or for lack of teaching have opened up doorways in your life and you got a stronghold and you can't seem to overcome that and you want to overcome it but you can't. You try to come against it and you can't. And a prophet of God says if you open up a stronghold for the enemy to come in, no matter how much we pray for you, lay hands on you, anoint you with oil, he said that devil's got a right to stay there. So you have to know spiritual warfare. So a lot of times we think that the cure all for meetings is to have a prayer line. And a prayer line is to get everybody up here and you'll have the ministry and we'll all lay hands and guess what? The power of God and and God has given me the power to cast out devils and we believe in casting out devils. But what about the ministering in the word that goes forth that says you need to repent of the things that you're doing wrong that we have a right to cast that devil off because we can temporarily cast that devil off and he'll go out for a season, right? But he's upset. You have just evicted him. That's right. And what does he do? He goes out and gets several others strong against his big brothers. Hey, you know what he did? He kicked me out. He did. Well, let's go get him. And the Bible says in the house having not been filled. That spirit comes in with seven others. And the condition now of that person becomes worse than the first condition. Amen. And that that's what's wrong with many of those that have gone through a prayer line and had a spirit cast off them and a few weeks later they get caught right back in the same because they don't know spiritual warfare. They don't know how to withstand the enemy. They don't even know what to do. So therefore, they don't know this warfare. and they fall back into the same trap and it becomes worse. Then they get discouraged. Well, I thought I was delivered. I thought there was power. I I Well, I I I don't know. Maybe I don't even have confidence in the ministry anymore. And if I don't have confidence in the ministry, I don't have confidence in the prophet. And if I don't have confidence in the prophet, I don't have confidence in the word of God. Do you see where it just just keeps unfolding? And so they walk away all disillusioned. That's why we need ministries to teach spiritual warfare. That's right. Music, movies, magazines, websites. Come on, brother. internet, right? Fashion. Amen. Come on now, somebody say, "Preach it, brother." Preach it, brother. You see, my brother, my sister, I am not here. Amen. Just to please everyone. Paul said, "If I am a pleaser of man, I'm an enemy to God." So, I'm here to stir you up. And saints of God, sometimes it's gonna make you mad, right? Because it's gonna look like I'm picking and I'm after you. Well, that's what the enemy wants to tell you. Amen. Amen. Is that I'm after you, but no, I'm after the spirit that's after you. Amen. preaching. Amen. Amen. You may not see it. That's right. Have you ever seen some kind of a Hollywood movie where all of a sudden they're in a conflict or something and there's somebody coming up behind one of the good guys and the guy over here all of a sudden stands up, one of his his buddies, his comrade stands up and boom, shoots and he and a guy thought he was going to get shot himself. Oh man. where he throws the knife or he does something and ah that guy behind you he didn't see it there are things that are happening among the church now brother Brennham tells us and I think it's overemphasized by not saying the rest of the quote now when the true church now that means if there is a true church there is a false if the true church gets a true revelation that means there could be false revelation If the true church gets a true revelation of who she is, okay, say the rest of the quote, and begins to discern and withstand the two spirits within the framework of the church. You understand? Amen. And when you discern and withstand, then and only then will she, the bride, stand as an invincible army. Amen. Why? She knows her position. She's been trained. So that's why we go through these things. Now and every time in a war, whether it's the first world war, second world war, you have all kinds of small battles within a great war. Some are small skirmishes. Some are devastating battles where you lost the position you had. You had to fall back only to get some more fresh recruits and come in and retake the hill. Sometimes that happens. And some of these battles are game changers. We see whether it's in a physical battle, spiritual battle that sometimes some have such an effect that it's a gamecher at the time. But we have been studying about the Joshua commission and the thing that I love about Joshua is he was a great commander in battle. Every time that Israel's in the midst of a conflict, there's Joshua. Amen. He's leading in battle. And I think one of the most outstanding scriptures is Joshua now has the captain of the Lord of Hosts appear to him and Joshua draws his sword. And he is battle fatigued. He's been fighting so much that all of a sudden, are you for us or are you against us? Put away your sword, Joshua. I'm a captain of the Lord of hosts. Amen. Joshua, what a man of war. What a conflict. He was never afraid to go into war. And God said, "As I was with Moses, I'm going to be with you." And guess what? When you go into these battles, you're not going to lose a man. And if you start losing men, I want you to stop and check what's wrong. Amen. When we start losing battles, when we start losing families, when we start losing our children, when we start losing control of the church, something's wrong. man. Let's get back together. Let's have counsel. What's wrong? Yes. Amen. Brother Brennham says on putting on the whole armor of God. And you know in this warfare between nations, there's a great warfare going on beyond that. That's a warfare between God and Satan. A great warfare. That was the first warfare and it's still raging. But oh, I'm so glad it'll soon come to an end. Amen. Then it'll all be over. Now, until that time, until we are taken up, we're going to fight. Young people, young men, young sisters, you're going to fight. And you're going to you better know the conflict. Brother Bram says in the sermon, the contest, he says, "Look, when you go when two opponents are coming," he said, "you study your opponent. You learn how he fights. Does he lead with a jab, come with a right hook?" What does he do? You better know. Cuz he's got a knockout punch coming. If you're not careful, you're in here and you don't know, maybe you close your eyes. I don't know if you've ever seen somebody who's never had a fight and there's a conflict, whether it's on the school playground or whatever. He closes his eyes and goes into it like that. Now, the Bible says that we go not as one that punches the air. Keep your eyes open. If you're going to fight, fight to win. That's right. If you're going to fight, fight a good fight. Amen. Amen. Not Not one that the first time you get hit, well, okay, I give up. Stop. Stop. Stop. I'm on your side. Uhuh. No. And you better know how to take a punch. Amen. Yes. Remember, Brother Brennham was taught by a man that he called Six Second Smith. Yeah. Brother Brennham was learning how to be a professional boxer. He got in the ring with Six Second Smith and guess what? Like this knocking down. He said, "Man, why are you trying to knock my block off? Why are you hitting me so hard?" He said, "Bill, I'm training you cuz when you get in the ring, that other guy's going to try to take you out. So, it's good to have a sparring partner that is got power and got different moves so that you can learn. Okay? Because you're going to meet your opponent. You are going to meet him. You're going to meet him in the arena of your home, the arena of your marriage, in the arena of education, in the arena of fashion. All of the you're going to beat him. Yes. Amen. The warfare, like I said, started in heaven. Michael and Lucifer came into a great conflict. Lucifer was cast down came the god of this age. That's why now understand this world was given to him as a temporary domain. That's why Jesus said when he was tempted by Satan, he said, "My kingdom is not of this world." Amen. So this kingdom that we are in right now is Satan's kingdom. It's his Eden. And he's perfecting sin and his spiritual warfare. He's perfecting it to the best of his ability. And he's hiding and camouflaging himself in religion, in politics, in education, in fashion, in all of those areas, whether it's music, he's going to hide himself behind and said, "Well, it really doesn't matter how you dress, what you where if you dress like the world and act like the world, it really doesn't matter as long as your heart is right before God. I want you to understand that there is a way that seemth right unto man, that the end thereof is death. So, we don't want that deception to come upon us. Now, the true object of war is peace. That's why you have war. Because you got conflict. Let's have war. We win. H. You become our slaves. We take over your land. And now we have peace. For how long? Till another bad guy comes along. till a little Hittite that you didn't kill or a little parizzite that you said, "Oh, this sweet little guy." Yeah. Well, just let him raise up in your family. See what I'm saying? Now, in the sermon victory day, before I Well, let's go ahead and go that and then I'll I'll give you a little bit of what's going on right now. God has had great men out here standing at the front who's been able to capture by the spirit of God the thoughts of the people and throw it into the kingdom of God down there and come out victorious. We fight every day. We fight it every day. Every Christian fights a battle every day. Amen. Somebody say amen to that. going on constantly within us between right and wrong. Shall we receive it? Shall we do what shall we do? Shall we bow to the world? Shall we give up this thought that we got? Now understand that we are coming to a great battle. It's called the battle of Armageddon. That is not the final conflict. The next great battle is a battle in the valley of Megiddo which we call Armageddon. Now that will be the last conflict before the millennial reign. It's going to be a war. It's going to be a conflict. nuclear holocaust. It's going to be and we're going to walk out on the ashes of the wicked and we're going to come down here to the earth. We're going to live on the earth for a thousand years. And Satan is not done away with. He's only confined by circumstances. He can't come. He can't deceive. He can't fool. But he's not destroyed yet until the end of the thousand years. And at the end of the thousand years, he's going to rise up and they're going to have the one and greatest conflict that's ever happened, the battle of Gog and Magog. And that will be the mother of all battles. Amen. Now, I want you to understand the rest of these are the small skirmishes that we have here on this earth, but the whole thing centers around God and Satan. to understand that a prophet goes and makes a sacrifice unto the Lord because he's seeking God for an answer. We know that they would do that often before they go to battle. The prophet would go and seek the mind. Shall we go up? Shall we take the enemy? Is this the time? Because even if you know that you should go against the enemy, there always is a time of how and when. Timing is extremely important. So in 1 Samuel, I'll just show you some spiritual examples from the scripture. 1st Samuel 7:es 8-10. And the children of Israel said to Samuel, "Cease not to cry unto the Lord um our God for us, that he shall save us out of the hand of the Philistines." And Samuel took a suckling lamb and offered it for a burnt offering holy unto the Lord. And Samuel cried unto the Lord for Israel. And the Lord heard him. So here's a prophet saying, "Hey, we're going into battle, making a sacrifice." And as Samuel was offering up the burnt offering, the Philistines drew near to battle against Israel. But the Lord thundered with a great thunder on that day upon the Philistines and discomforted them and they were smitten before Israel. I want you to understand as they were making the sacrifice and here the Philistines are already getting ambushed and you know what God it thundered and it says the Bible says and they were discomforted. In other words, they were destroyed. Israel never even moved out of their camp. I want you to understand when God goes before you, there are times he'll destroy your enemy and you didn't even know that they were waiting an ambush for you. Thank you, Lord. There are times in your family life when something comes up and you weren't aware of it, but you're just going along. You're going to church. You're praying. You're reading your Bible. You're doing your best. And all of a sudden, you realize the enemy was destroyed. And you didn't even know he was there. Because it thundered. If it thundered in that day, it's got to thunder in this day. Amen. Amen. How many you know that those seven supernatural thunders, he says that's going to destroy the enemy and that's going to cause the rapturing faith for the catching away of the bride. Amen. So, we'll talk about that a little bit later. Many times in the scriptures, God comes on the scene and destroys the enemy without Israel even going to battle. Oh, I wish it was that simple all the time, but it's not. Unfortunately, we have to fight. Brother Bram said, I want all of you to understand God's not called you to a picnic. That's right. But he's called you to a battlefield. So, it depends on if you're prepared and if you went through boot camp. This is our training ground. Okay. This is our training ground. This is where your drill sergeant gets after you. You need to do better. Keep your head down. Don't let the enemy Don't do this. This, this. Yes. Amen. I I captain. Because out there is where you meet him. Amen. Sometimes right after church. Sometimes you're going to have a conflict with your kids in the car and you're going to wonder why. You realize spiritual warfare. And where in the world did your kid pick up this spirit? They never talked to me like this before. Who are they hanging around? There it is. Better be careful who you allow your kids to associate with. That's right. Next thing you know, they got a little hotty spirit. Well, who you been hanging around with? They pucker their little lips. You ain't You can't tell me what to do. Who you been hanging around with? Yeah. And then and then when mom and dad set limitations, you get all upset. He said, "No, you're not going to hang around those guys no more." Because the wrong kind of influence, you have to understand it's a spirit. Absolutely. Amen. Like that one brother that, you know, his wife said, "Honey, I want to go and be with all the sisters and and everything." Yeah, honey, that's fine. And uh after she goes and was with the sisters for a few days, she comes back and he says, "Honey, would you fix me something to drink?" Well, I've been with the sisters the last few days and I've learned a little something. Honey, you want a drink? You go fix it yourself. Your legs ain't broke. Okay. Honey, what's for dinner? I didn't I tell you. I kind of been with a few sisters here lately and they told me what they did with their husband and you know I'm kind of siding with them and so I've got you a little microwave thing that you can you know ready to eat dinner what what do they call them things you throw in the microwave and you can zap it because you know I'm not going to fix you a meal. Okay. Well, who you been talking to? Understand that little sweet heart of yours that said for better for worse, for rich or for poor, in sickness and in health, all of a sudden now it's coming against you. Then you wonder, h how did this happen? Because the enemy has been moving under the radar. I remember when brother John Laauo, you went with me and I think I took three or four other brothers. My next door neighbor was a squadron commander out here at Luke Air Force Base. And he said, "You guys want to do a hands-on with a F-16 jet and you want to fly the simulator?" Are you kidding me? I've always wanted to play war games. So we got there, we went through the we we we went through where the the pilots have their helmets and and all of their gear and everything and he was squadron commander. So he got to take us through all of this and we went out and sat down in a real F-16, opened the cockpit and really um you know I I was just amazed. I I should have been a pilot man. Yeah, I love this kind of stuff. Well, anyway, a little bit later, they went ahead and put us in the simulator. You remember that, Brother John? Wow. This is the real thing. This is what the real pilots have to go once a month, go in there, and they make scenarios of situations that the pilots's got to overcome the situation or you crash. Well, if you crash it in the simulator, they just press reset. In real life, you don't get to press reset. You die. Well, anyway, I get in here and he tells me, "Okay, let's go out here and we go." He said, "Let's go down the runway and everything and now put it here. Put the throttle forward. Put on the afterburner. Pull it straight up. Let's go to 40,000 ft and level off." Ah, this is neat because this is 360. This has got the sound. The only thing you're not feeling is the the GeForce. Everything else is real. I mean, this thing tilts and does all this stuff. Wow, this is the best video game I've ever played. And anyway, he said, "Okay." He says, "We're going to do a scenario." He's talking to me. I've got the headphones on. I'm hearing him. He said, "Okay, we've got a bogey about 65 miles." Gives me the heading. He said, "Let's do a flyby and do an identify." So, we turn and we head towards the bogey. shows only one blip. But as we come close enough to it and we've visually identified they got wing to wing tip to wing tip fighter jets of Russia and the moment you fly by them all of a sudden you see oh it's not one it's two or three and then all of a sudden one of them goes into a combat maneuver. Your radio says, "Warning, warning, combat maneuver." And so the the computer picks up. This guy's in combat maneuver. The squadron commander, my neighbor, he says, "Now pull back on your throttle. Pull or not throttle, but your stick." And he says, "Do a loop." He says, "We the MIG is doesn't have as tight a turn as the F-16, so come and go behind him." Well, it's first time I've ever flown an F-16. So, I just I pull back the stick and everything and you get the guy and then all of a sudden I get behind him and he's out here flying around and you know, hey, stop. Quit moving. Quit moving. I want to get you. You know, he says, "Do you want to use sticks or guns? You want to you want to use a a missile or guns?" And I said, "Let's use missiles." Right up the tailpipe. Boom. It says enemy destroyed. The other when he goes, "Let's go after him. Let's use guns this time." So I Anyway, it blew them all up. I I'm the victor. I I won. But that was just a game. I want you to understand that we are in real true combat. Amen. And there is no simulator down here that we can put you into. Now, here's a scenario with your kids and they go to school and the influences from school and music and the videos and the websites and Instagram and all of this and their love stories that they read and all of the stuff that they put into your mind and you wonder why they're battling and all of a sudden you're wondering why is this sweet little kid that you've raised up all of a sudden disobedient. Okay. And when they're little enough, yeah, you can control. Go to your room and they go to the room and pretty soon they start hating you because you're correcting them. I've seen you little children that get corrected that go to their room, I hate you. They go to their room with such resentment. Understand? Why do you correct your child? For their good, not because you want to beat on them, not because it's fun. I used to remember my mother says, "This is going to hurt me more than it does you." Whack, whack, whack. And I thought, "That's a joke. I'm going to beat this out of you." It didn't beat it out of me. They'll only made me sneakier. You're not going to find out. That's You see, the children are too smart. I'm going to restrict you from your internet. I'm going to take your cell phone. I'm going to block you. Do you know your kids are so much smarter? They come in there, unblock, go behind all of the stuff that you do, and they do their thing anyway. Yeah. And if you don't think they do, you're going to find out because they got kids that are so much smarter than them that tell them, "Well, if your mom and dad do this or something here, I'll give you this. Here's a password. You can get into this." And next thing you know, you really got a problem. Listen, the cell phone, the Bible says that we are not ignorant of the devil's devices. The cell phone is a loaded gun. It'll kill you. It may look innocent, but it opens a doorway. It creates strongholds in the young people's lives and even older. I've had young people come to me and say, "Brother Ron, why are you on our case?" Because we've got our older parents that still do gaming. Gaming. Gaming. What gaming? Parents locked themselves into the room, put the headphones on, got a microphone, next thing you know, they're part of some kind of gaming thing. Well, when I was a child, I thought as a child I acted. But when I became a man, I put away gaming. Act your IQ, not your shoe size. Ouch. I had one sister one time, her husband was so Oh, he just locked himself in his room. He just got in there and he he he megga dosed every evening on movies. And we're not talking PG. We're not talking where the red fern grows and old yeller and the love bug. He's watching everything that he wants to watch. R-rated, didn't matter. And she got so excited, so mad, so upset, she grabbed his laptop and right in front of him, she destroyed that Philistine. He was shocked. What? Have you gone crazy? What are you doing? She says, "I hate this thing. It's destroying our family, our marriage. Spend time with us." But then did that cause him to quit? What'd he do? Just went and bought another one. Okay. Then he locked his door. Then he deadbolted the door. God, help us understand we're in a spiritual warfare. And then you wonder why none of the kids want to serve God. Because if daddy's not in his position, okay, mama can try to hold the standard as much as she can, but if daddy is not in his position and doing what he ought to do, the whole family becomes dysfunctional. Now I want you to understand that with the opening of the seven seals and the book becomes open. It's a declaration of war because the first seal was a was a white horse rider just in symbol form. Here comes a white horse rider and he's got a bow and he's got no arrows and he's riding down through the ages. Brother Brennham, until the opening of the first seal, when an angel opened unto him the revelation of that first seal, he said, "What was it?" He says, "I've always thought it was Christ riding down through the ages." He said, "It's not." Who is it? It's the Antichrist. So, this Antichrist is riding. He's in a symbol form and he's writing and he starts in the Ephesian church age. And as he begins to write, he looks innocent. Yeah. It looks so deceiving. Yeah. And he's got a bow and no arrows. And here it is. He starts out as a saying. He goes to a creed to an unbinding way until he he like a python begins to tighten himself under. And now you have a nicicolein spirit that wants to divide and conquer. And the apostle Paul said as a white horse rider came in his symbol form here come in his reality form God bringing a message. Amen of the lion to combat the antichrist spirit because the apostle Paul said look after my departing shall come in grievous wolves not sparing the flock. I'm telling you I've not ceased to warn you day and night for three years. false prophets, false Christs. Oh, Ephesus, thou hast left thy first love. What happened in the first church age? It began to now break from its symbol form into its reality form. And the reality, it began to get sayings and creeds and dogmas. And the church starts following a certain way until it becomes an unbending way. It becomes a law. becomes something that the church teaches as doctrine and now they get taken off and a nicicoatan spirit comes in and it divides and conquers. Amen. Amen. That's what a nickelan spirit does. It divides and conquers. Now, as much as we want to look at the message right now as a whole around the world, the more you look at it in a broad spectrum around the world, you're seeing the enemy's doing everything that he can to divide us. Well, one believes he's coming on a white horse, another believes he's coming on a white cloud, and so they dysfellowship. I can't agree with you. You don't see it my way. Well, quit trying to make everybody see it your way. Let's say what the word says. Let's say what the prophet of God says. And we cannot disagree if we say what he says. Simple. Where we have the argument is your opinion of what he said and my opinion of what he said comes into conflict. Amen. Amen. So, we become like a an umpire in the baseball league and you're out or off the field. I've had some say, "Brother Ron, you're off. You're out. You're off. You're out of the game." Well, guess what? No man put me in the game. No man takes me out of the game. Hallelujah. Anyway, now watch this. In the first seal, now understand with the opening of the seals, it's a declaration of war. The white horse writer is now the mystery is pulled off of him. It's not Christ. It's Antichrist. What is he doing? He's deceiving the church. the first church age. He's already coming in there. He's bringing his false prophets. He's bringing the different ones to divide the church already. And by the time at 3:25 AD at Nioa Rome, he's already put his council of churches together, changed water baptism, and taken over as a ruler of the church. It declared war. Brother Bram says, "When a seal opens, it declares war." So Paul catches this. Watch this. Let's go to the first seal. Let me show you here. 1963, first seal. Then when the lamb took the book and broke the first seal, God spake, spoke from his eternal throne to say what the seal was to be revealed. And when it's placed before John, it was in a symbol. And when John saw it, it was still a mystery. Why? Just a white horse rider. He has no idea who it is. And what about this white horse rider? It's just a symbol. Amen. Why? It wasn't even revealed right then. It cannot be revealed until what he said here at the end time. But it become a symbol. See, when the thunder, remember, a loud clapping noise of thunder is the voice of God. Amen. That's what the Bible said. See, a clap of thunder. They thought it was a thunder, but it was God. He understood it for he it was revealed to him. See, it was a thunder. Notice the first seal. The first seal when it was opened in the symbol form, it thundered. Now, what about when it opened in its reality form? Listen to this. In its symbol form. Reality form. White horse, right? Or symbol form. Wow. Look at this. And I saw a white horse riding. And he had a bow and no arrows. That's symbol form. But in its reality when it broke forth and Paul catches the mystery here. He is a mystery of iniquity. Here he is coming as false prophets, false Christs coming to deceive the church, anointed ones at the end time. Okay? Now watch this in the book of Revelation. So now you take it from what the prophet said to take it back to scripture. Revelations 6 verse 1-5. And I saw when the lamb opened up one of the seals and I heard as it were the noise of thunder. What is thunder? It's a voice of God. So he heard a noise of thunder. And one of the four beasts say, "Come and see." And I saw and behold a white horse. He saw a symbol. And he that sat on him had a bow and a crown was given unto him. And he went forth conquering and to conquer. It's just a symbol for him. Verse four. And there went out another horse that was red and power was given to him that sat thereon to take peace from the earth. Verse five. And when he opened the third seal, I heard the third beast say, "Come and see." And behold, a black horse. And when he sat on him had a pair of balances in his hand until we know that there is the fourth horse rider. Who is it? It's a pale horse. He said that is when the antichrist becomes the beat him the beast himself and he's incarnate and he'll come into a man and he will rule as the beast. He said, "And death and hell follows him." Now understand that these symbols are coming into reality. Amen. Brother Brim talks about when this final or last pope comes out of the United States, he says, "Now, right now it's an image of the beast, but one day it'll have power to speak like a dragon." Do you understand the anti-semitism that's happening in the world today? Just because they're Jews, right? And it's happening mostly starts with our young people on our college campus. Why? Because it's a institute of knowledge. Comes from the tree of knowledge of good and evil. But now they're demonstrating. They don't know why. From what is it? The river to the sea. From the river to the sea, we're going to annihilate. We're going to kill every Jew because they're Jew. How would you like to be a Jew? You are one spiritually. Amen. That's right. I was at the Wells Fargo bank and the lady talking to me had a very heavy accent and I saw she had a Jewish starve David. I told her, I said, "Very nice symbol that you have there." I said, "I agree with Israel." She smiled real big because probably very few will say that. Okay, now understand right now we're kind of on the side of Israel and now we're bombing Iran. But there's coming a time There's coming a time, Brother Bram talks about America will turn her back on Israel. And when she does, she's done. So, right now, there's still an affinity with Israel. But there'll come a time when they quit playing their politics and and and you know what? It's going to be a a terrible time. But all of this is pointing up to a great escalation of conflict. And the same conflict that's coming against the Jews will come against the Christians because this is a pre-tribulation spirit. That's right. Brother Renham said in World War II, Hitler, Stalin, and Mussolini. Our pre-tribulation spirits released. You should go to Avitz. Yes, you should go to the death camps. Yes, I've been there. I've walked through the gate that says, "Arbite makry, work makes freedom." And as soon as they got the Jews inside the camp and they closed the door, they said, "I'll tell you what, work does not make freedom. The only way you're going to get out of here is through the chimney of the crematorium." And there they killed over four million Jews. just because they're Jews. Not because they had done anything wrong, just because they're Jews. Now, watch this. Spirit is going to escalate because remember in the time of the tribulation, the three and a half years, bride goes up. Remember, bride goes up, the two spirits, Moses and Elijah, the two witnesses come down. And now there is a conflict. And the two witnesses are going to be for Israel. And they're called out of all of those in Israel, there is an elect group called the 144,000. 12,000 from every tribe. 12 tribes times 12. 144. What are they going to do to that 144,000? kill him. So, the spirit that's rising up right now will escalate till they annihilate 144,000 plus Moses and Elijah and they'll kill them. Let them lay their bodies in the streets. And the Bible says, "And all the world are eyes upon the two witnesses." Watch. It'll be on CNN, Fox News. If you see that, you've missed it. You're now foolish virgin. Wow. What a horrible time that will be. Well, brother Ron, are we going to see any uh are we going to see any tribulation before some of these time before the rapture of the church? Somebody asked me the other day, is Ellie gonna sink be before the the the rapture? I said, well, there's one quote. Brother Bram said, "I predict before the coming of the Lord, God's going to sink that place." Now, you take it whatever way you want to. We know at the first resurrection, there was a great earthquake. We know that every time God does something, earthquakes are also a sign of judgment. When brother Brand threw the stone up in the air, Sunset Mountain, thus sayeth the Lord, judgment is striking the West Coast. He said, "Watch that little tail or the little finger that raised up there in Alaska." He said, "Alaska almost sunk." Good Friday earthquake. All of these signs are signs of forewarning. He's coming. If you can read the spiritual signs, then you can understand God's giving warning before judgment. Now John only saw the symbol breaking forth and it thundered. Then the seventh angel in our age he sees it break in its reality form and it thundered also. What is the seven thunders? The mysteries of God being made known. And then we see it in its reality form. What may look as innocent? Brother Brennham said, "Why am I against organized religion? It is not the people I am against because there's good people in every organization, every denomination, good people." But he says it's the system. Now the system itself, the Bible says all those whose names are not written in the lamb's book of life shall be deceived. So the deception is religion. He's bringing the world council of churches, getting them all together to bring forth a great climactic issue. The subject came up the other day and I discussed this with some about uh I showed the video clip of a girl that had her hair cut like mine. She was singing a song that was a nice wonderful sounding song. But I said, "What's wrong with the picture? what's wrong with the picture? And then it was told to me, well, we have a lot of songs that we sing within our church here. I said, if you knew who it was that wrote the song, you'd probably ne never understand. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Stop. I'm not here looking at everybody and who this and that. Like, the girl that was singing the song was not the one who wrote it. I googled it. Who wrote the song Oceans? I think that's the name of it. Who who wrote it? Well, three guys. Okay. Two guys in particular. And then one guy helped him put it to music. But the girl that was singing it is the head of the she is the swift tailor of Christian rock music. Okay. I am not condemning the person and all of those that are with her that are worshiping. Now Jesus said those that worship me must worship me in what? So you can have spirit and no truth. And God says I rejected in vain. Do they worship me teaching for doctrine the commandments of men? So, it's false worship, isn't it? Now, that offends some people. Did not Cain get offended when God rejected his worship and said, "Won't receive it." Yeah. He got wroth with God. Even God said, "Well, why is your countenance fallen?" Yeah. Well, you received Abel's and not mine. I gave it in sincerity. In fact, mine's pretty. Mine's beautiful. I brought of the fruit of the land, not realizing he was giving back part of that which is already cursed. My so please don't misunderstand me. I'm not here to say, "Okay, brother Robert, I want to know every song that we sing. Who wrote it? Do they have long hair? Are they perverts? Are they whatever?" Next thing we'll only sing and I don't even know all the people who wrote songs that we sing from our song book like the only belief song book. Brother Brennham said as an example some people they write songs under great inspiration and he said and he says because they write under inspiration when the inspiration's not there they want to commit suicide. So it I'm not here to judge and please don't ever think that brother Ron is trying to judge others. I'm just saying what's wrong with the picture. Okay? Because there is no projection to those people. You need to get right with God. And they all want to serve a God that we love. And it's our love towards God. But if you love me, Jesus said, you keep my commandments. And most of them are not. Okay, I don't want to belabor the point. So there's two prophets in the Old Testament that the Bible says they are prophets of war. One is Jeremiah, the other is Joel. Let me show you. In Joel 6 verse4, prepare ye war against her. Arise, let us go up at noon. Woe unto us, for the day goeth away, for the shadows of the evening are stretched out. Prepare ye war against her. Joel 3:9, proclaim ye this among the Gentiles. Prepare war. Wake up the mighty men. Let all of the men of war draw near. Let them come up. See, the men that are called to battle are actually called mighty men of valor. Did you know that? They're called mighty men of war. They are considered consecrated warriors before the Lord. Did you know that Muslim jihadists? They proclaim holy jihad, holy war against America, against Israel, death to America. Burn the flag. holy jihad. And you know what they do? They put on their holy shirts. They put on their certain hats. They bless their weapons. And they sing chance before they go to war. And they are told, I forget that if you kill an unconverted one who is against Islam and Muhammad that you immediately get a you get to go to heaven and you get 60 vestal virgins or 40, I forget what it is. So these guys run into war, give their life, what a disappointment when they get there. But it's a holy war to them. That's why they give their life freely. Uh Israel before they directly engaged in war, they would bring out the ark of God to be brought out amongst them. Understand that. Let's type it out. that the word of God had to be brought out in this age before we go to spiritual war in the end time before the seals are broke. Brother Bram says let's go into and he begins to show us what they did. So let me show you into sermon paradox 1963. That's look at the army and when they sing the songs and play the music. Do you know the approach to war? The army of God. It's first by music. Brother Robert, why do we sing? Create an atmosphere. Create an atmosphere. If you're in the battle for the Lord and ride, keep on the firing line. Not me. I'd rather hide behind the rock and be out of sight. Got to be kidding me. Why do we sing these songs? Look at what brother Brenham said. The singers went before the ark rejoicing and singing. Then come the ark and then the battle. That's right. So that's a right approach. In 1st Samuel chapter 4, let me show you what they did with Israel. And so the people sent to Shiloh that they might bring from Fence the ark of the covenant of the Lord of hosts, which dwelleth between the cherubams. And the two sons of Eli, Hoffen and Phineas, were there with the ark of the covenant of God. And when the ark of the covenant of the Lord came into the camp, all Israel shouted with a great shout, so that the earth rang again. And when the Philistines heard the noise of the shout, they said, "What meanth the noise of this great shout in the camp of the Hebrews, and they understood that the ark of the Lord came was come into the camp." I wish that in our song service, we had enough of the shout of the king is in the camp that it would be noised abroad. those message believers, my goodness, they get so excited about what they believe that they don't just sit in there. Well, you know, don't don't make me get excited. Just let me sit here. Huh? No. Get excited. Clap your hands. Do something. Right. Any of you ever watch the archives films of the church? You ever see yourself? Some of you. Some of you the people are clapping all around you and you're What's wrong? What's wrong? That's the only instrument you bring with you everywhere. Clap your hands all ye people. shouting to God with the But I guess it's like that song says, I command my hands to praise the Lord. I command my feet to praise the Lord. I command my body to praise. I command it even when I don't feel like it and I'm not in the mood and I'd rather not. I command my hands. I command my feet. I command my body. Why? I'm in control of this. My body's not in control of me. I'm in control of my body. That's right. Amen. Preach it, brother. Some of you I don't think are because we sing it and you don't come in. You do. So, and the Philistines were afraid for they said, "God is coming to the camp." And they said, "Woe unto us, for there hath not been such a thing hereto for. Woe unto us, who shall deliver us out of the hand of these mighty gods?" Are you not gods? These are the gods that smokeote the Egyptians with all the plagues in the wilderness. These are the gods. Come have breakfast with the table of the gods on Monday morning. We talk about this because you know what really Jesus said, "Are you not God's?" If God were to have a son, if God were to have a people, what would they be like? They would be godlike. Are you not gods? Whom the word of the Lord comes to? So if God sends a word of the Lord in this age, what we call the message of the hour, and the Bible says that the testimony of Jesus Christ is the spirit of prophecy. So if God sends a prophetic word in this day, there's only one group of people that will receive it. Those who have the testimony of Jesus Christ, they'll receive it. Why? They can see it. That's their testimony. Listen, I want all of you to understand. My testimony is this message. Before it, I had knowledge of religion of this one and of that one and this preacher and that preacher. And I really didn't know what was what. And I thought, well, I don't know. I don't know what is truth until I heard this message. Amen. And when I heard this message, may I say this? It became my testimony. So everything that I look at throughout the world, I look at it through prophetic eyes. Do you understand that? Brother Bram says, "Now what would cause a woman to cut her hair? Well, I just got split ends. I I It's unhealthy. So, chop chop. I'll cut it off because I want it to be healthy. Brother Brennham now through prophetic eyes says a woman that cuts her hair, he says, is a dishonorable woman. Do you know he probably uses that doctrinal teaching in almost every sermon? A woman that cuts her hair, it looks innocent, doesn't it? But he said it becomes a He says when a woman cuts her hair, she takes unto her a ungodly, unclean spirit that leads her off into deception because she dishonors her head. That's right. And her head is who? Christ. Right? So I look at that now through prophetic eyes and I say what he said. Why? Because a prophet is likened unto a seer. He's the eyes to the body. So don't get mad at me. I'm just telling you what he saw. Amen. Amen. When brother Brennan was introduced by a well-known minister and his wife, he said, "I want you to meet my wife cuz she's a saint." He says, "Here she came, her cut hair, painted nails, you know, all the things that he said." And he says, "My, I looked at her and he says, "She looks more like a hint than a saint." Amen. That sounds hard, doesn't it? I'm sorry. It does. If we're not careful, we take the letter of this message and we judge everyone who perhaps has never heard. I remember one time I was over in I think it was over in Ireland. I was over there in Ireland and I'd asked by one of the friends of Steven McNeely and just a small group of young boys, couple girls. The guys had dog collars with spikes on them, chains around their neck, all kinds of stuff. And I'm thinking, these guys call themselves message believers. Well, I'm going to throw some stuff out here. I'm going to see if they can handle it. I began to talk about I said, "Hey, listen. If you're a real message believer, why don't you apply the word of God?" I said, "Why do you look like the world, act like the world? The love of God's not even in you." And while I was preaching, they took off their dog collars and they came to me after service and said, "Nobody told us." Nobody. No. They just said, "Well, God is love and he just accept." But you see, when you come out of the world, it's time to get the world out of you. Amen. And I remember I think I was in England, might have been in Wales one time and I was just maybe 30, 40 people and there was a sister right like you, brother David, just just somebody real close to me and she's sitting there got short hair, big big hoop earrings, lipstick on and everything and I'm thinking, whoa, where did she come from? And she's sitting there and rejoicing and having a great time. Well, honestly, I didn't go after the makeup. I didn't condemn her. I just began to speak truth. Amen. My goodness. She came to me after service. She said, "Pastor, no one's ever told me this. I'm ashamed of all this stuff. I want God to cleanse me. And she says, "Thank you for telling me truth. See, I don't want to I don't want to cover it. I don't I don't want to hybridize it. I want to tell you truth. Even if you get mad at me because sometimes I'm going to get some of you mad at me because if I don't, I'm not really preaching the gospel." That's right. Because there'll be sometimes, but I don't want to do it with an offensive spirit because I can come in here and with the boxing gloves on and come on, right? And and I'll tell you what, and you're going to you're going to conform to the Bible says, "Be not conformed. Be transformed." So, what I do is I try to say, "God, soften my spirit. Don't let the people think that I'm coming after them. But it's a spirit trying to take them out. You may think that the little trimming of hair, it's innocent. It's not. It's a spirit. You may think that the form fitting dresses and the form fitting clothes that some of you sisters wear that is just the fashion of the day. It's not. It's a spirit. You young boys may think, well, it's just the fashion of the day where pants look like they've been sprayed on and your hair a little bit more cut like the guys of the world. You know, guys can fit in a whole lot easier than the girls can. Isn't that true, girls? Yeah. Yeah. Come on, tell them. You guys got it easy. They do because they can fit in. They can wear their Adidas and their Nike and their little you know, skinny jeans and Yeah. But the girls when it's a little bit easier to identify the guys and I can kind of fit in. God never wanted Israel to fit in. Amen. That's right. That's right. I want a man to look like a man and a woman to look like a woman. That's why it's an abomination for a woman to wear clothes pertaining to a man. It's an abomination. It's a horrible thing. God says, "I I I hate it. It's horrible. And those that are abominable shall not enter into the kingdom of God." Amen. Thank God that we've had a prophet come and tell us through God's eyes. Amen. He looked at the church of Laosa musicians have you come? He looked at the church of Laosa. He says, "You're poor, miserable, blind, wretched, and naked, and knoweth it not." It took a prophet to let us know. took a prophet to tell us what was truth. I had some more scriptures to show you how the armies of Israel would go and how that they would praise the Lord and everything. And we know according to history, even when the Roman armies came down off the hill, you know what they did? They blew the trumpets and thousands of men came and hear trumpets and and drums and it scared the enemy when the I the Irish No, I guess it's Scottish bag pipes. Scottish. They're bag pipes, right? Scotland, not Irish. Ireland. So the Scottish, they also had the bag pipes coming before them. Do you know even before our sporting events, if you have a football team, you got the marching band, here it comes ASU marching band and the guy out here like this, you know, fight, fight, fight. What are they doing preparing? And they're getting everybody all psyched up, right? Win win. Sundevils win, right? It happens. You ever guys seen uh New Zealand All Blacks? They come out there with their hucka like this. What are they doing? They're preparing for battle. What do we do when we come to church and we sing? We sing with everything that's in us. Why? We're going to war. The word of the Lord is coming to you. The American Indians before they went to war, what would they do? Dance around. Get war paint. They dance all night. get all frenzied up. They did that to go prepare for war. Okay, I'm going to leave the last couple things for my next time talking about when you're called to war by a trumpet and when the trumpet sounds. And we know Israel had two trumpets, two silver trumpets. One for the calling of the camp together and another, the second trump, the moving of the camp. Now, we've had a trumpet in the days of the voice of the seventh angel when he shall begin to sound. Brother Brandham says the Greek word sound means to blast forth a gospel trumpet. You know what's gathered us together? The trumpet of Malachi 4. Revelations 10:7. I heard the shout. I heard the trumpet. And it had urgency. It had come together. Why? It's urgency. There's war going on. Get ready. He's coming and a climactic battle is about ready to take place and it's a spiritual conflict. And the moment that any of you forget this, you'll be the next casualty. I don't want you to be a casualty. [Music] I don't want you to be a casualty. I want you to be alive and remain at the coming of the Lord. Amen. Amen. God bless you this morning. I have found a place [Music] I can call my understanding this morning. here in your embrace where your mercy overflows. It's here that all my doubts tears just melt away. I lay my burden down and I look upon your face. You are my refuge. You're my sanuary when I feel afraid. You're my hiding place. You are my refuge. And when the storm is raing underneath your wings, I rejoice and sing. You are my refuge. Now, before we sing the next Sandy for the baptismal that we have today, would you go and help the sister get ready? Whatever. Make sure she's got the gown. We have a baptismal after service. Those of you that wish to watch the baptism, that's fine. I want you to come be with us. And uh so I'll turn it over to brother Robert. I'll go and get ready. So God bless you. My refuge. You're my sanuary. [Music] When I feel afraid, you're my hiding place. You are my refuge. You're my sorrow. It's raing. Underneath your wings, I rejoice. Sing, you are my If he's your refuge this morning, sing the chorus again. And you are my refuge. You're my sanctuary. If I feel afraid, you're that hiding place. My hiding place. You are my refuge. And when the storm is raing underneath your wings, I rejoice in you are my refuge. Before we go, Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary. Pure and holy pure holy, oh tried and true and with thanksgiving I'll be a living a testimony a house of God for him you 3 4 Is that your prayer this morning? Lord, prepare me to be a house of God. Oh Lord, prepare a living dwelling place where he can dwell. Sanctuary, [Music] so pure and holy and tribe and true. And with the spirit I'll be a living. Oh sanctuary. Oh for you. All hail King Jesus. All heavenly men you are the king of king lord a lord's bright morning star and throughout eternity [Music] I'm going to praise him and glory more. Let's sing it one last time before we go to the baptismal. All hail King Jesus. All hail King Jesus, we give you reverence. Emmanuel, King, King, Lord of Lords, Christy star. [Music] Oh, and throughout eternity [Music] and forever more I will praise you. Amen. Can we bow our our hearts and our heads in a dismissal prayer? Heavenly Father, we thank you, Lord, for truth today. [Music] In the middle of a war, it's not rosy. It's a battle. [Music] But you are the chief captain of the host, the Lord of Lords, the King of Kings, and we will rule and reign with you one day. And it's nothing that we've ever done, but it's you and your grace and your grace alone. We love you today. Thank you for your presence in the house today, Lord. As these dwelling places, these temples, as we leave this building, may we have the spirit of Christ throughout this week. We ask you to be with us this week. Bless this baptismal that's fixing to happen shortly out in the courtyard. Ask you to be with the service today. Bless brother Ron. Ask you be brother Steven as he leaves to go to Australia. Bless the needs that were mentioned today. All the ones that are traveling. Will you be with them as well? Lord, we love you and we thank you for being our everything. We praise you. We ask you to be with us for this next Wednesday night service and the following Sunday. We just ask you to be our helper, our shield, our buckler. Be an everpresent help in the time of need. Lord, we can't do nothing without you, Lord. You're an awesome God, Lord. And we thank you for your presence, Lord, holding us in your hands when we can't take another step. We just thank you for that, Lord. Ask you to be with us, Lord. Bless your people today, Lord. Bless the streamers. We give you praise. We give you honor. We give you all the glory. Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you. If you want to go to the baptismal, please go out the doors on this side here. God bless you. See you Wednesday night. [Music] Hey. [Music]
