################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-10 - Your Vineyard - Bro. Steven McNeilly - Steven McNeilly.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-10
Title:   Your Vineyard - Bro. Steven McNeilly
Speaker: Steven McNeilly
Church:  Evening Light Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l756aGspejc
========================================

[Music] Oh. Oh. [Music] to be. Hey [Music] [Music] [Music] Let's all stand this evening [Music] song. Let go and let God. There we go. His way. Go and let God have his way. From the top. Let's just sing that. Let go and let God have his wonderful way. Let go and let God have his way. Your sorrow will vanish. Your night turn today. Let go and let God have his way. Sing that again. Would you just let go this evening in worship? Let go and let God have his wonderful way. Let go and let God have his [Music] way. Your sorrow will vanish. Your light turn today. Let go and let God have his way. Amen. Amen. Sure am thankful that he's had us through it all. Amen. Let's start on verse one. I've had many tears and sorrows. I've had questions for tomorrow. There have been times I didn't know right from wrong. But in every [Music] situation, God gave blessed consolation that my trials only come to make me strong. Do you believe that this evening? Well, through it all, through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it all, through it all, I've learned to depend upon his word. Bring it up. Well, I've been to lots of places and I've seen a lot of faces. There have been times I felt so all alone. But in my lonely hours, those precious lonely hours, Jesus let me know I was his own. So we sing, "Through it all, can you lift your hand as that testimony? Through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Oh, through it all. Oh, through it all, I learn to depend upon his word. I like this verse right here. Well, I thank God for the mountains and I thank him for the valleys and I thank him for the trials he's brought me through. For if I'd never had a problem, I wouldn't know that he could solve them. I'd never know what faith in God can do. Can you say amen to that? Oh, through it all. Through it all, I learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it all, through it [Music] all, I learn to depend upon his word. Amen. That's truly our testimony this evening. Amen. Amen. We have quite a few prayer requests we'd like to read before we go to the Lord in prayer. Have a note from Brother Ruben Tamson. Please pray for Candace who is at home recovering from some dental work. We have a prayer request for Sister Li Lillian Vega. She was admitted to the hospital today due to a really hard time trying to breathe. So let's ask prayer for Sister Lillian this evening. Prayer requests for the Arasolas as they're headed to New York on Friday. Brother Brian Yesi is out homesick with a bad cough. Then we have a very urgent prayer request and also a praise report from Sister Becky tonight regarding Sister Lorie Snow. So she writes, "Thank you to all those who have been holding my sister-in-law Lorie Snow in prayer. She had an aortic tear/ dissection happen on Monday. She has had three major surgeries in 48 hours. this afternoon after surgery. This afternoon after surgery to put six stints in and remove blockage to kidneys. She is already showing good blood work that her kidneys are functioning again. The next 24 to 48 hours remain critical for her. As the surgeon said, there is nothing else they can do. That is where God comes in. He is the healer. So, please continue to remember her in prayer in the days ahead. God bless. And he's been so merciful. So, let's just remember that urgent prayer request. Amen. Brother Mario, if you could come pray. Let's sing that third verse again. Amen. If we didn't have the mountain, we didn't have the valley, we wouldn't have that testimony. Amen. Well, I thank God for the mountains and I thank him for the valleys and I thank him for the trials he brought me through. For if I never had a problem, I wouldn't know that he could solve them. I'd never know a faith in God can do. That's the reason we sing. Through it all, through it all, I learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it all, through it all, I learn to depend upon his word. Amen. Let's bow our heart. Loving gracious heavenly father, Lord, we so appreciate your love, Lord. Thank you Lord. And through it all your word always stand Lord. Thank you Lord God for giving us Lord once again the opportunity to give you back our praise and honor and thanksgiving Lord especially this anniversary weekend. Lord we so enjoy the word that you bring to us Lord. Thank you and give us Lord faith to lift up us a little bit higher Lord. Thank you so much Lord for your grace and your mercy in our lives Lord. You always sustain us with your word in this hour Lord God. Thank you, Lord, for the testimony that put our confidence that you're the same yesterday, day, today, and forever. Lord, you never fail your promises, Lord God. And even for the prayer requests tonight, we always believe, Lord, that you are the God that full of grace and mercy, Lord. You're still the God, Lord, that control all the circumstances in our lives. Lord might be sickness, financial needs, family trouble, depression, Lord, whatsoever, Lord, you are able Lord to minister to each needs Lord according to the grace and mercy in our lives, Lord. And once again, Lord, we are in great expectation once again. You you will come by, Lord, and speak to us, Lord God. And may you just anoint speaker tonight, Lord. And may you once again, Lord, pour out your blessing to each and every one of us, Lord. And may you just continually continually be with each and every one of us in order to worship, Lord God. And uh thank you so much. We love you, Lord. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Why don't you shake your neighbor's hand as you're taking your seat this evening? Amen. Sure enjoyed our meetings this past weekend. We have a note that we have quite a few trays and dishes on the coffee table or coffee bar area over here. So, if you can please check that to make sure you've grabbed all your dishes from the potluck there. We have some visitors here this evening. So, Brother Russell would like to welcome Gracie Tidwell um with them. Okay. Over here. And then I see John Michael and Laster some other visitors. We welcome you this evening. Amen. KFC, he brought me out of the miry clay. Amen. I sure am thankful for that this evening. Well, he brought me out of the mighty clay. He set my feet on the rock to stay. He puts a song in my soul today. A song of grace. [Music] Hallelujah. My heart was resting. The hole was red brown. And low in the pit where my sin dragged down. I cried to the Lord from deep my reclaim dender. He brought me out to golden day. Well, ye brought me out of my way. He set my feet on the rock today. He put song in my soul today. A song of grace. Hallelujah. He placed me upon the strong rock by his side. My steps were established and here all abby. No danger of falling. All year I remain but stand by his grace until the crown I gain. He brought me out of my place. He put my feet on the rock to stay. He put a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. He gave me a song was a song of new praise by day and by night. It sweet notes I will raise. My heart's overflowing. I'm happy and free. I'll praise my redeemer who has rescued me. He brought me out of my way. He set my feet on the rock to stay. be a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. Well, Jesus on the inside, working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Jesus on the inside. Working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Can you say that this evening? Well, Jesus on the inside, working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Oh, what a change in my life. Let's sing that again. Oh Jesus on the inside, working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Jesus on the inside working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Jesus on the inside. Working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Oh, what a change in my life. Well, if that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwells in you, dwell in you. If that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwells in you, what will it do? It will quicken this poor body. If that spirit dwell in you, it will quicken your body. If that spirit dwell in you, well, if that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead, dwell in you. Well in you. If that same spirit that raised Christ from the [Music] dead, oh, it will quicken your mort if that spirit dwell in you. It will quicken your mort. If that spirit dwells in you. Amen. Give him a hand. Clap and praise this evening. Amen. I would not be denied. Amen. When pains of death seized on my soul unto the Lord, I cried. Till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be denied. Well, I would not be denied. I would not be denied till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be denied. at Jacob in the days of old. I wrestled with the Lord and in with the courage. I stood upon his word. Well, I would not be denied. I would not be denied till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be denied. Oh, you said my Lord. You would not hear my prayer. The praise of the Lord, the word is done. Christ, the Lord is here. Well, I would not be denied. I would not be denied. Till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be denied. Let's sing that second verse again. Old Saint my Lord would come would not hear my prayer but praise the Lord the work is done in Christ the Lord is here. Well, I will not be denied. I would not [Music] be made whole. I would not be denied. Amen. Give another hand clap of praise this evening. Amen. Let's all stand as we get ready to change the order of the service. Let's sing allelujah. Hallelujah. Holy are you, Lord God Almighty. Amen. Amen. Let's just worship him this evening before brother Stephen ministers for us this evening. [Music] Hallelu Lord God Almighty reigns. [Music] Hallelu. Hallelujah. For the Lord God Almighty reigns. [Music] Hallelu. Holy. [Music] Holy are you, Lord God Almighty. Can you lift your hands in worship? Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. You are holy. [Music] Holy are you, Lord God Almighty. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the [Music] lamb. Amen. He's so worthy. Oh hallelu [Music] hallelu for the Lord God Almighty reigns. Oh hallelu hallelu for the Lord God Almighty [Music] reigns. [Music] Hallelu. Holy. Can you say that this evening? Holy are you, Lord God [Music] Almighty. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. You are holy. [Music] Holy are you Lord God [Music] Almighty. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. You are holy. [Music] Holy are you, Lord God Almighty. Worthy is a lamb. Worthy is a lamb. Amen. Amen. He's so worthy this evening. Let's sing Something Keeps Holding Me as Brother Steven Gets Ready to Minister. Amen. just worship and pull on the gift this evening. Amen. The trial of this world was getting closer. The pull I felt was more than I could bear. And I was on the verge of giving over. The strength within myself just wasn't land. Something keeps holding me. Every day I see helping me faithfully to overcome my trial. Do you believe that? Just lift your hand. Giving me victory. He's a reality. Something keeps holding me. Well, Satan laid before me his temptation of his desires to steal away my faith. Here it is. But I found inside the revelation the strength I need to keep me in his grace. Something keeps holding me. Every day I see he's helping me faithfully to overcome my tri. He's guiding me [Music] constantly, giving me victory. He's a reality. Something keeps holding me. Sing Jesus is holding me. Amen. Jesus is holding me. Every day I see you over [Music] my He's guiding me constantly, giving me victory. He's a reality. Jesus is holding me. He's a reality. Jesus is holding me. Hallelujah. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight. Yeah. There's no other hands that I would want to be in than the Lord Jesus's. And I'm just so thankful that, you know, he's not depending on me to hold on to his hands. Right. because I lose grip and I let go so easily. But he never loses grip. Oh, hallelujah. He's got more of a hold of you than you realize. Praise the Lord. Let's pray together. Heavenly Father, we are grateful for another opportunity that we can come together, Lord, to worship you and to adore you and to thank you and and and and give you praise for all the many blessings in our lives. And Father, I ask this evening that you would just bless our souls, Lord, with your word, that eternal word. Father, may the deep call to the deep by the simplicity, Father God. By the simplicity of your word, your word is a paradox, Lord. It is so simple, yet it is so deep. Amen. And so I ask that you would come this evening, speak to the depths of our heart like only you can do. and we'll give you all the honor, all the glory, for it only belongs onto thee, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you this evening. Turn with me in your Bible to the book of Proverbs. Thank you, musicians, and we'll read uh chapter 24 vers 30 through 34. Hallelujah. We just want to greet you all this evening in the name of Jesus Christ. And it's always an honor and a privilege to be here. And uh getting a lot of feedback here, brethren. And uh I just want to thank brother Ron for the opportunity once again to minister the word. Amen. Amen. Proverbs chap 24 and verses uh 30 through34. I went by the field of the slothful and by the vineyard of the man void of understanding. And lo, it was all grown over with thorns, and nettles had covered the face thereof, and the stone wall thereof was broken down. Then I saw and considered it well. I looked upon it, and received instruction. Yet a little sleep, a little slumber, a little folding of the hands to sleep. And so shall thy poverty come as one that travelth, and thy want as an armed man. Amen. and you may be seated this evening. I would like to take for a title this evening and call it your vineyard. Your vineyard. And um we've been uh speaking here for a little while on neighbor's vineyard and stuff and uh it seems like I just can't get off this subject. But the Lord willing, I I feel uh perhaps that um I'll have exhausted this thought. But you know, I've learned to say never say never. Amen. Uh because you never know what the Lord will will open up to you in the future. But we've been speaking about this uh about vineyards here. And we see in our opening scripture that um it is it is of a man that was uh uh void of understanding. and he was an owner of a vineyard. And as I as I read that scripture, um the thought kind of came to me that uh that this person, this husbandman that was over this vineyard or this farmer or this caretaker, whatever name you want to give this person, uh I don't believe that he was void of understanding and how to take care of the vineyard. otherwise he would never have been in charge of taking care of it. But as I as I read the scripture and I believe that if you if you put it in context with the other the other verses that we read, I believe that the understanding that this man was void of was uh uh he was void of of not realizing that how laziness can overtake a person and how that slothfulness can have such a dramatic effect in our lives. And so it it wasn't the it wasn't that he didn't know how to take care of the vineyard. It was because he was lazy in taking care of his vineyard. And because he was lazy in his work and he was lazy and slothful and taking care of the thing that God had put him in charge over to take care of, it had an effect on the outcome of the vineyard. So instead of the vineyard being uh the walls being being strong and high and instead of the vineyard being uh plentiful and fruitful and and and a and a pleasant place to be and and bringing forth much fruit, it was quite the contrary. It was quite the opposite. Whenever the whenever uh this vineyard was looked upon, lo, the the the walls was torn down and and and nettles had overgrown and and and and as we read there that there was nettles and there was thorns and things that shouldn't be in the vineyard was there. Amen. Why were they there? Because he was slothful in his work. Right? Understand that you and I, we are we are a vineyard onto ourselves and within ourselves, we are our own husbandmen. We are the caretaker of our own bodies and of our own vineyard. And God is expecting us in our Christian walk not to be slothful. He's expecting us in our Christian walk not to be lazy in serving God. Because when we're lazy in serving God, behold, thorns appear. When we're slothful with our servantthood towards God and loving him and serving his people, when we're slothful towards it, behold, there's briars. Amen. Behold, there's nettles. Behold, there's thorns. Behold, the vineyard is not bringing forth the fruit that it should be bringing forth. Why? Because of laziness. Amen. My because of slothfulness, because of a little procrastination, a little putting off until tomorrow. Let me say this, saints of God, don't put off until tomorrow what can be done today. Now notice as brother Brandham, he he picks this this thought up on laziness and the uncertain sound and he says, "I can't get my boy up at the morning." And some of you fathers say, "Amen." He looks like if he just got his day and night turned around. I said, "Billy, you'll never be no account laying there like that. Get up." Right? I feel like I need to say to some of us this evening, get up. Get up and do something. Notice he tells them, "Get up. If you don't do no more than go out and wash your teeth and go out into the yard and look at your car and come back in, sit down and read." He's saying, "Don't just lay in your bed all morning, but get out of your bed. Go do something." Amen. Go try making your bed once in a while. Amen. Have you ever seen that? that uh uh that sergeant or the Navy guy or whatever he is and he says, "If you want to change the world, make your bed. Start by making your bed." Well, what is so important about making my bed? That's not very spiritual, brother Stephen. It is because it's your first victory. It's pride of ownership. It's all I'm going to get out of bed. I'm not going to be lazy and I'm going to make my bed and I'm going to make it nice. Amen. I have a question for you. Whenever you get married, is it the is it the husband's job to make the bed or is it the woman's job to make the bed? We'll let you answer that one. You're all I felt that. I was like, woohoo. He's really going to go there, isn't he? Last one out of bed. Make the bed, man. He says, "Get up. You don't do more than go out and wash your teeth and go out in the yard and sit down and read. Don't lay in bed. No good. Laziness." Now listen to this. God have mercy on these lazyhearted Christians become no good. So what is wrong with laziness in the natural? It affects our life in the spiritual. He says, "God, have lazy on our mercy on these lazyhearted Christians know so much about it and tell so little to other people about it. They're lazy in their testimony to those around them. Oh, we know the great mysteries and we can explain this and this, that, and the other." But yet when it comes time to talk to our neighbor about the gospel, when it comes time to serving somebody within the body of Jesus Christ, we become so lazy. Somebody else will do it. That's not my job. That is someone else's job. Lord have mercy. Amen. Upon us lazy Christians. See how I put myself in there? Yeah. He says, "Uh uh, Daddy, I just can't get up early." I said, "Look, Billy, one of these days you ain't going to have no daddy to take care of you. Daddy is going to be gone one of these mornings. You You come in the room and look, perhaps daddy will be laying there. You'll shake him. He won't wake." I said, "Then they'll they'll hold me down this little old church in a box. You'll pass by your handkerchief in your hand crying, look down and say, "That's my old dad. I wish I'd listened to him." I said, "But remember, Billy, I've always been an early riser." Hallelujah. He says, "Blessed trumpet sounds. I'll come forth in the first resurrection. I believe in rising early." Hallelujah. Some glorious day by the grace of God. I believe this gospel that I preach, I believe it's the honest truth. So what is brother Brandham talking about here, talking about rising early? He's talking about the first resurrection. He's talking about if if oh they'll if I die and you'll see me and they'll put me in this casket and they'll put me in the ground. He's saying that's not my end right there, Billy. If they put me in the ground, that's not my final destination. that's not my final resting place. And he gets all excited and he says, "Hallelujah. I'm an early riser." Why? Because those in the first resurrection shall rise first. They'll rise early. If the death is to take them, they will rise first in Jesus Christ. Praise the Lord. My brother, my sister, if this earthly tabernacle be dissolved, and if we are to go the way by death, we have another tabernacle already waiting for us that is not made by hands, but it's made by God himself. It's already waiting for us. There's a day that's according to the scripture that lays just ahead that says the dead in Christ shall rise first. That's the first resurrection. And then we which are alive and remain will be caught up together with who? With those in the first resurrection. Brother Brandham says we'll be caught up. We'll be with those who are resurrected in the first resurrection first before we meet Jesus in the air. Amen. Oh, what a time that'll be. Oh, yeah. Could you imagine some of your relatives or some of these that have that have passed on through the years within the assembly and you begin to look and you see something strange and you think, "My, there's no way that looks like so and so. It looks like uh uh uh Poppy. It looks like the picture that used to sit there on the desk. There's no way that that's him. There's no way that that's her. That there's no way. I'm telling you, there's a way. And it's going to happen one of these days. And can you imagine the faith that'll arise within the bride of Jesus Christ? And you say, "It's on. It's on. The rapture is on." But let me say this. Blessed is he who has not seen but yet believes. I want to say the rapture is on right now. Though I see somebody in the first resurrection or not, it doesn't matter to me because I believe the word. Amen. Amen. That's right. Well, I just want to see something. You don't need to see anything because seeing is not believing. That is no longer faith. I say, Father, let faith arise in our hearts. That we don't have to see anything. We don't have to feel anything. We don't have to hear anything. We don't have to smell anything, but we can just believe the word for what it says. That's true. Genuine faith is believing the word. Help us, Lord. Especially when it's contrary to your senses. My so much of the time we read the word and we try to reason it with our carnal reasoning and our carnal understanding and we try to figure it out and we try to put this together and that together and and we just end up making a whole mess of everything. If you don't understand something, just put it in the back burner. Amen. Amen. Just say, "Father, I don't understand what I'm reading right now. I don't understand this quote that brother Brandham just said." Tell the Lord. Put it on the back burner and move on with life. Amen. Because on down life, you're going to have one of those aha moments. I always wondered about that scripture. You remember brother Brandham said, "I always I always wondered what heaven would be like. I always wondered, would we would we be a cloud and we're just we're just up in heaven and we're just we're just clouds and and and I and I'll know Brother Neville's voice, but I'll never be able to shake his hand because because I he just didn't understand it. Well, because he didn't understand it, it didn't mean that he quit preaching. It didn't mean that he quit walking with the Lord, but he just put it on the back burner. And then when he crossed over uh beyond the curtain of time, he said, "Oh my, I've I've feared this my whole life." There's nothing to fear in the promises of God. That's right. I've always wondered about this. I always wondered how it would be. And here throughout the process of time, what would happen? God would unfold himself to his prophet messenger. You see, God just doesn't bombard us with revelation and tell us everything all at once. No, he gives it to us as we are in need of it. And sometimes it seems God leaves us hanging. But God has never left you hanging one time. He's just wanting to see your reaction to what's going on in your life. Amen. Yes, sir. In the sermon, leadership, paragraph 36, because remember, you're going to die someday or either be translated into heaven. And if you die before his coming, you will be raptured first. Did you know that? Did you know that those who are dead, if mama papa dies before you do, and Jesus doesn't come in our generation? Do you know that? that these mama and papa will will come forth first glorified before you see the trumpet of God shall sound and the dead in Christ shall rise first then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up with them will be changed like that we've got to remember that's the main thing in life you want to know what a prophet of God said what the main thing in life is listen to this you understand now that's the main thing in life we got to do is get ready to meet God. Amen. I got news for you. Your 401k is not the most important part of your life. And some of you right now are saying, "Yes, it is because I'm losing so much money in my 401k." I've got news for you. It's going to go all bankrupt. Anyways, our job is not the most important thing. The most important thing is that we get ready to meet God. And getting ready to meet God is a process. It is not just one week that you do good and the next week that you don't do good or it's not just a one-time deal. No, it's a daily relationship with God Almighty. a daily relationship through prayer and and and and reading our Bibles and fellowshipping one with another, strengthening one with another, encouraging each other with these words. Praise the Lord. That's part of your ministry is to encourage those around you. You say, "I don't have a ministry." Sure you do. You can tell someone it's going to be okay. Yeah. You know, you can tell someone that that you're their friend. Could you imagine that would make somebody feel really good? True. You can call up somebody one time and say, "Hey, how are you doing?" Yeah. Is everything okay? Doesn't sound very spiritual. Doesn't sound like a very good ministry. But if you can help a brother or sister because the Bible says this that iron sharpens iron. And if you can help one person along life's journey with their journey with Jesus Christ, it is all worth it. Amen. You know that there's nothing greater than giving. Yeah. Have you ever Have you ever done something for somebody or gave something to someone or helped somebody in a certain way that you knew they that they just can't help you back and you knew that you're not going to get anything in return? Do you remember how good that made you feel? Do you remember it gets even better when it actually kind of hurts a little bit? That's right. that you're not in a in perhaps the right financial situation to help somebody, but yet you do it because you're doing it onto God. The feeling of giving, that's why Jesus counted it, hallelujah, all joy. Yes. For the cross that was set before him. Why? Because he was giving himself for you and I. That's why he could look at the hardest day of his life, whether it was Gethsemane or on a cross, wherever it may be, and he didn't shy away from it. But he set his face towards Jerusalem. Why? Because he had you and me in his mind. Why? Because he had a giving spirit. I'm no man can take my life from me. I freely give my life. I lay my life down and I can raise it up again. Praise you, Jesus. Praise the Lord. Ain't nobody took his life. He laid it down. He gave it freely. Hallelujah. He gave it willingly. How many willing people do we have amongst us tonight that's going to say, "I am willing to serve the Lord Jesus to the best of my ability." Amen. Absolutely. Friends, don't let anybody or any circumstance or any situation hinder you from moving on and getting ready to meet the Lord Jesus. That's right. Amen. Because guess what? We all got we all got some kind of excuse. Amen. Humanity, we've all been around the block. We all have some kind of excuse. Well, this and that and my family member and this one and that one and Yeah. and and and and I just can't get ready the Lord serve the Lord like I want to because of this. Hey, you got to lay that stuff aside. That's right. Yeah. We got to bury that stuff because guess what? It's just hindering you. Stop making excuses. Billy Paul said, "I'm not an early morning, Dad." He's saying, "Well, just get up. Ain't no excuse." Amen. Just get up. Amen. Just get up and do something. Brush your teeth. Make your bed. Look at your car. And by that time, you'll be awake and sit down and read your Bible. Amen. Right. Wow. Many of you brush your teeth first and then drink your coffee afterwards. That was just random. But you're welcome. So we find out that this husbandman, he was lazy. He was slothful in regards of taking care of the vineyard because this vineyard had become overthrown with nettles in the stone wall and everything was taken down. You know what had happened to him in his life? He had become lukewarm. That's a word that us in Leodysia are very familiar with. Amen. Is lukewarmness. Why? Because lukewarmness is the spirit that's on this age right now. That's right. You say, "Brother Steven, we are not in the Leodysian church age. We are in the bride age. We are in the bride dispensation while amongst this age of Leodysia." And if you say that Leodysia doesn't affect you, you're a liar. But we've got to be aware of it. Because if we can become aware of it, we know how to fight it. We know how to combat it. But if we are unaware of lukewarmness and laziness in our lives, how can we do something for God? Understand? You are a vineyard. You are a caretaker. You are a husbandman of the vineyard in your life. Very good. What is the condition of your vineyard? Hallelujah. Is your vineyard all grown over? Has it got nettles throughout? Has it got thorns throughout it? Is the walls all knocked down? Cuz remember, you're a vineyard. You can't get away from it. What is the condition of your vineyard? There's another vineyard. Let me turn to it real quick. I know it cuz I've been looking it up. Isaiah chapter 5. Turn with me. Isaiah chapter 5. I don't have this for the brethren, but I just know that this is a good vineyard. Chapter 5 verse one. Now I will sing to my well beloved a song of my beloved touching his vineyard. My wellbeloved hath a vineyard in a very fruitful hill. So understand where it's planted. It was in a fruitful hill and he fenced it. Now this is a good husbandman. This is what a good husbandman does. He fenced it. In other words, he protected it. He put a wall around it. He guarded it. Remember, you are a vineyard. He protected himself from the spirits of the age. He put a wall around him. He took care of it. He put it in a fruitful place. Why would he put it in a fruitful place? Because he wants it to bring forth fruit. That's right. God wants our lives to be fruitful Christian lives. Amen. He fenced it and he gathered out the stones thereof and planted it in in the choicest vine and built a tower in the midst of it and also made a wine press therein. And he looked that it should bring forth grapes and it brought forth wild grapes. Do you know what the difference is in a in a in a grape and a wild grape? It's how it grows. It's the actual fruit that it produces. So, a a wild grape is a is a grape that has grown in the wild. And because of that, there's thorns and there's nettles and there's bushes and there's all kinds of things that that hinder it from bringing forth to its full potential. And a wild grape is smaller in size. A wild grape is more tardy. than a real grape that has been raised correctly. It It doesn't taste as good. It doesn't bring forth. It doesn't produce to its full potential like it should produce. Why? Because it's grown in the wild. What kind of fruit are we bringing forth in our vineyard? It all depends on the husbandman and how he's taking care of his vineyard. That's right. That's true. Hallelujah. So, a good one, what does he do? He be he he chooses the the choicest place, a place on a fruitful hill, and he builds a a tower around it and he takes it and he plants it and he takes care of it and he pulls away the weeds and pulls away the nettles and the branches that aren't supposed to be there. Are you thinking about your own spiritual life now? Put your own spiritual uh uh uh mind, your spiritual cap on right now. and and he takes it and he and he pulls this out of it and he pulls that out of it and he says this doesn't belong in in this person's life and this doesn't belong there and I've been holding on to these thorns between these stones for way too long. Help us, Lord. Some of us hold on to thorns and nettles in our vineyard because we enjoy the pity party because it's it's a it's an excuse for us not to give our all for the Lord. I'm I say let's lay everything to the side and let's clean up our vineyard. Let's go in and pull the nettles and pull the thorns and the heartaches and the circumstances and the complex and the broken hearts and all those different things. Let's lay him to the side tonight. Let's bundle it up and let's burn it. I think saints of God, we're too far down the line to be holding grudges. Amen. I do. I do. You want me to Let me share. You know, a lot of times I share things and uh I I put myself out there so much and that's okay. I can hold grudges. That is something, man, that I I'm like I remember we'd go out and we were living a riotist life. Let me just say that. And you know, you get into a fight or whatever. Well, the next week these guys, they can't let it go. They see you, they want to fight you again. And then the next week you want to fight them. And it don't matter if you win or you get beat. You know, it's just tit for tot. And you hold that grudge until the very death. I'll never let go of this because I'm Irish and I'm a fighter. Bury that thing. Amen. How to bury our traditions, our nationalities, huh? What am I going to use? Uh cuz I'm Irish, therefore I can hold a grudge against everybody. Nonsense. We ought to forgive each other. Amen. So, since I became a Christian, grudges against people that do things to me I'm okay with, I'm being honest, okay? Well, whatever. Silly, but when people do something against people I love or they say somebody like, if there was somebody at another church said something about one of you guys, it would make me so mad. I would I would get so angry against our pastor. I'll take that one to the death, you know. I'll take that to the grave with me. It's just hard because I'm loyal and I'm loyal to those who I count family and friends. And so that's hard for me. So you guys be careful you don't get on the wrong side of me. Grudges, root of bitterness, Ah, this person over here, my goodness, it's so easy, saints of God, that your natural man, your carnal man can get so raised up. You know, as this silly iPad, I was trying to send my notes and it wouldn't send twice. And that's whatever. And so I'm like, man, I feel like bouncing that thing off the wall. I'm about to minister. How amazing is it that you can get so carnal and spiritual at the same time? But I want you to know that you're going to have a sticky nature and you're going to have to fight that sticky nature until the Lord takes us home. Hallelujah. So learn how to fight your sticky nature. Help us, Lord. Some are more sticky than others. It's true. But nonetheless, you got to fight it. True. He became lukewarm in his position as a caretaker in the vineyard and he left off keeping his vineyard in order. Uh the exposition of the seven church ages the revelation of Jesus Christ. Brother Brennham says now remember this Christ in the true church is a continuation of the book of acts. But the book of revelation shows how that antichrist spirit would come into the church and defile it. What does he want to do? He wants to defile the church. How does he do it? He does it by making it look lukewarm, formal, and powerless. It exposes Satan, revealing his works uh uh attempted destruction of God's people and the discrediting of God's word right down to the time he is cast into the lake of fire. So, what is what is the purpose of Satan within the church? He wants to defile the church. Satan ain't our friend. That's right. He wants to defile the church. And he does it by making it lukewarm, by making it formal and therefore powerless. This is how Satan defiles the church. So this is the fruit of Satan. We see that laziness or this this uh this lukewarm condition. We see that formalities and traditions of men, what does it do? It is a fruit of Satan within the framework of the church. But understand it doesn't stop within the framework of the church because he wants to get it into the framework of our lives. Amen. So what does Satan want to do with us as sons and daughters of God? He wants to defile our Christian lives. And how does he do it? He does it by first of all bringing a lukewarmness into our lives. Bringing a lukewarmness into our heart. Making our spirit look warm and and happy go easy to the things of the world and and and and and just being lukewarm in our lives. Neither being cold nor hot, but we're right in the middle of the road. I wonder, this is just a hypothetical question. I wonder how much of us saying that we are walking in the middle of the road that it's a lukewarm place because we're neither hot and we're not cold. And the Lord wants us to be hot or cold, but he wants us to be hot. Well, how do I balance out being too spiritual? Does that mean I have to be a little more carnal? Does that mean I have to feed on the things of the world because I don't want to get too spiritual? I would rather be too spiritual than too carnal. Amen. So what does Satan does? Satan wants to defile you. He wants to defile your life. He wants to defile defile your family's life, your children, your marriage, so on and so forth because he wants to defile you because that's how he that's how he wants to get you off the beaten track. We think of defilement that uh everybody has to go out here and live live in adultery and fall away from the message and uh now I'm defiled. No, a defiled spirit is a lukewarm spirit. Yes, sir. A defiled spirit is a spirit of formalities. It's all formal. We come to church because that's what we do as Christians. It's a formality. It's a tradition. And if Satan can get us into a place of formalities and we we come to church and we sit in the same seats and and and and we and we uh we sing the same songs and and and we wear the same Wednesday night outfit and it's a form it's a formality. Yeah, it it's a it's a tradition. We we eat the same thing before we go to church. We we you know, whatever. It's a tradition. It's a formality. And if we're not careful, we bring it into the church and we just sit there and we say, "It's just another Wednesday night service." That's right. Is he done yet? When's the preacher going to stop preaching? instead of having an expectation without our throughout our our anniversary meetings. It was just wonderful. And the expectation was there. And I remember coming out of those doors and everybody was already singing. Brother Robert wasn't out here yet. Brother Mark wasn't out here yet. The expectation was so high. Why? Because we wanted to hear from God at special meetings. Why do we have to wait for special meetings before we can anticipate a moving of God in our lives? Why do we have to wait for something special? Every church service is special. So, we need to get out of our formalities, out of our traditions that we've set without even knowing it, and say, "Father, I'm going to church tonight cuz I want to hear from you. I'm so excited tonight for the service." Why? Because we're going to sit in the presence of God. Amen. Seated in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. You know, Brother Brandham said that that's what this is right now. Now, you're sitting in heavenly places. Why? Because the eternal word is going forth and it's feeding your soul. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. But what holds us back? Liquorness. Defilement of spirit. defilement of traditions, defilement of formalities, and until it gets us to a point where we're powerless, we're powerless over the battle of the mind, we're b we're powerless over making right choices. We're powerless before Satan because we've stopped exercising our faith. Amen. We've become powerless due to the defilement of lukewarmness, formalities, and traditions of men. God help us as sons and daughters of God to realize the tactics of Satan. Because when we realize his tactics, now we have a now we have a punch in the fight, if I can say it like that. Now we have we have a chance here. Now we know what he's going to come at us with. Now we can counteract it. Now we can get our guard up. Now we can put our shield of faith up and not only have a shield of faith and a helmet of salvation, but stand with the sword of the word in our hands. Amen. Amen, sir. That's I'm fighting this thing. I'm fighting this formality stuff. I'm fighting this lukewarmness. Guess what I'm going to do? I'm going to get out of bed. I'm going to brush my teeth. I'm going to get to church as early as I can. I'm going to make an effort to bring my liquifier to everybody else's liquifier. Yeah. Sometimes we just sometimes we we depend upon the minister to bring us up to bring us up to to make us feel good to to bring us up to higher heights. But I wonder if we in the congregation if we were to bring the minister up here. You get brother Chad Lamb. He says, "I I can't even talk. I don't even know what to say. My mind is going in too many directions." Why? Because we broke out of formalities. We broke out of lukewarmness. Hallelujah. You ought to be writing this down in the memory of your mind or upon your hearts and say, "I'm going to keep an eye out for this. Going to keep an eye out for it on Monday. I'm going to keep an eye out on it on Tuesday and on Thursday and on Friday because I don't want to be lukewarm." Amen. I know he's not going to spew me out of his mouth because that scripture is not for me. But I still feel the pressures of Leodysa. And what is a pressure? You know what it really is? It's a spirit. Amen. The spirits of Leodysia that encompasses us on a daily basis and bombards us. Hallelujah. But saints of God, when the devil comes in like a flood, God will raise up a standard against it. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. the in the sermon Jehovah Gyra 1962. We must remember that nothing can be done without faith and it first has to be confessed. He is the author of faith. We know that and and that nothing can be done without faith and without faith it's impossible to please God. And now he is the high priest of our confession. Now the in the King James here in the book of Hebrews put put it a profession to profess and confess is the same thing. Confess means to say the same thing. So now he goes into the scripture and he says by his stripes I am healed. See now by his life I am saved. What is he doing? He's quoting and confessing scriptures that you and I ought to be confessing. He says now by his life I am saved. And we've first we've got to confess it. And he sets as a mediator, the only mediator between mana, God, and man. And he sits there to make intercessions upon what we confess that he has done. Amen. Not what he's going to do, but we're confessing what he has already done. Thank you, Lord. I love this part of this this quote. He said, "What a sound, solid thing that is." Amen. Praise the Lord. The word of God is a firm foundation. It is a solid foundation. It is a firm rock that will not be moved. It will not be shattered. It will not be broken, but it's firm and unmovable. Praise the Lord. That's the word of God. Amen. So now by exercising our faith, brother Brandham is giving this this insight in how to exercise our faith because remember if we're lukewarm, formal and powerless at the end of the day it means our faith is low. But if we can learn to combat that and exercise our faith, brother Brandham says by his stripes I am healed. He said, uh, what a sound solid thing that is. So, what is you're doing? We're not confessing something that's not true. It's not the power of a of a of a positive confession within our mind. It goes beyond that. It is it is confessing the word of God, the eternal word of God that will never pass away. That is that is still the same yesterday, today, and forever. and taking it and confessing it and exercising our faith until our faith is strong. Thank you, Lord. Believing in your heart is not good enough. Believing in your heart will take you a so far. But you've got to confess it with your mouth from your heart. And it doesn't matter if anything changes in your life or not. That's true. God is working in secret because remember this, God never stops working and he works according to the confession of our faith. Not of what God might do, not of what God can do, but of what God through Jesus Christ has already done. Praise the Lord. When you get uh an understanding and a revelation of it, it it's not God can, but God already has. Amen. And if it's already done and the work is already finished and the plan of redemption is is is completed, it said it is finished. The plan, it's finished. My work here is done upon this earth. He can't do anything more for us than what he has already done. That's right. So now to exercise ourselves, we need to say, I believe your word. I have a need in my life. I have a need of healing. Therefore, I'm going to say, "Thank you for my healing because by your stripes, I am already healed. Thank you for my salvation. Thank you for what you've done. Thank you for touching my children. Thank you for the seal of God upon my family, wavered loved ones, whatever it may be, just confess the word and God will take care of the rest." Yes, remember brother Brandham uh fantastic. Even in his younger years, he's such a such a young man of faith. And remember he had the stomach ulcer and everything or whatever it was. And he would eat and he would vomit up and and all that stuff. And he would eat it and they say, "Well, if you eat, it's going to kill you, Bill. You can't eat." And he said, "Well, I believe God's word." Amen. And he kept eating it. It's going to make him throw up. It made him sick to his stomach. But he kept confessing the word of God. Why? Because the work had already been done. Even when he saw no change, he kept his confession and his faith high and strong. Amen. You want to have stronger faith. You want to have more faith, confess more and stand upon these promises of God that he's given us in this day and stand with an assurance. Amen. Hallelujah. You know, this isn't the days of this isn't the days of of of the church having no power. This isn't the days of the church having no authority. Let me share something with you. This is the age, the time of adoption. What does adoption mean? Adoption means authority and power. Why? Because we are placed in Christ Jesus. And so, you don't have to worry about it. Just confess it and have authority with it and God will take care of the rest. Amen. Instead of saying, "I believe God can. I believe he might. We should be saying I believe God already has and it's going to be done. That's right. So the purpose of a vineyard is this very very simply put is that it might bring forth fruit. John 15:es 1-8 it says I am the true vine and my father is the husbandman. Every branch in me that beareth not fruit he taketh away. Notice it was it's every branch in me. So it's a believer, a person who is already in Christ. They can get lukewarm. They can get formal and cold and not bring forth fruit even when they're in Christ. That's right. He said uh beareth not fruit. He purged it that it may bring forth more fruit. Now ye are clean through the word which I have spoken unto you. Abide in me and I in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself, except it abide in the vine, no more can ye except ye abide in me. I am the vine. Ye are the branches. He that abideth in me and I in him. The same bringeth forth much fruit. For without me you can do nothing. I if if a man abide not in me, he is cast forth as a branch and is withered and men gather them and cast them into the fire and they're burned. If you abide in me and my words abide in you, ye shall ask what ye will and it shall be done onto you. How many can say it tonight? I abide in Christ and his word is abiding in me. Therefore, ask what ye will. Amen. Amen. And it shall be done unto you. Herein is my father glorified that ye bear much fruit. So shall my ye be my disciples. You want to bring glory to the father. You want the father's buttons to pop open and say that's my son. That's my daughter. I am so proud of the life that they're live. I'm so proud of how they're acting on on on this cosmos that I have created. bring forth much fruit. Amen. But remember, you are a vineyard and remember you are a husbandman and in order to bring forth fruit, there's work that has to be done in our daily lives. That's right. Very good. So, we see that this this scripture has been fulfilled throughout the seven church ages. And we realize that the father is is is asking us to bring forth much fruit, not for our own glory, but for his glory. this vine that we've been that we read of has bore branches uh brought forth branches and it it has it has borne fruit in every age of these seven church ages. For the vine is Christ and Christ is the word. So we see that we've had justification and it brought forth a branch. And in justification, guess what? They brought forth fruit for their age. But there came a time where they didn't bring forth fruit anymore. That that that God now the the great husbandman, what did he do? He he cut the branch off. He he trimmed it. He purged it. He he doesn't take it away from the vine because people under Luther, guess what? They were justified. People under Luther were saved. Amen. You know that people under Luther were the bride of Jesus Christ for their day. That's right. So there's no taking them away out of it. There's no taking them out of the promise because you know they were justified but yet they couldn't live a sanctified life but they lived under the light of their day. So now we see that the light keeps moving and we understand that as as the sun gets higher and brighter what does it do to a flower? It brings more out of it. What does it do to the vine? It brings more out of it. It shoots forth more branches. It brings forth more fruit. And then we see sanctification through Wesley. It was good for a time, but they put a period instead of a comma. My brother, my sister, never never put a period to your belief in God. Stop it with a comma. This is what I believe right now. Comma. And I am ready for God to reveal more of it. Amen. Because the moment that we put a period, we denominate ourselves. Brother Brandham said, "The message will never denominate, but people within the message will." Period. This is how it should be. Hey, don't go there. Don't play that game with God. Put a comma. Amen. And so we see now it it brought forth fruit and it was the light of the age and it was the word of the age. But but it only took them so far. And they came to Pentecost and the same thing. And you know, Pentecost was was as close to the real thing as what you're going to get. Brother Brandham says Pentecost was the fulfillment of Matthew 24:24. That it would deceive the elect, the elect, even if it was possible. Why? Because now shifting from a from a from a a a a vineyard to a grape plant now to a wheat to the wheat plant. Remember I love that type of the wheat plant because I can picture it in my mind. I can see the stock, the tossel, I can see the branches coming. I can see all these things and all of a sudden now it comes to the end time. And brother Brandham says if you don't have an eye for it, you'll think that Pentecost was it. He says, "But it was just the shuck. It was just a covering. It was a a carrier of the true seed." Hallelujah. The seed that went down in the ground now came up through the tassel, the stock, and now it came to the shook. And the shook looked so close to it, right? Whether it was the oneness or whether it was uh holiness dress or whatever it might have been, it was so close. But yet, it wasn't it. And it took a prophet of God to say, "Yeah, that was a birth, but we've moved on from the birth to adoption." Hallelujah. It was just a carrier of the seed. But now the seed, let me say this with as much humility as I can. The seed now is here. We're not waiting for the seed to manifest itself. We are not waiting for the seed to come and and to do something uh specially. Hey, the seed is here. Amen. We are here. We have arrived. Why? Because we've heard the message of Malachi 4. To turn our hearts back to the faith of the original seed that was in the ground. Thank you, Lord. That's why he said, "Yeah, I preached what Paul preached." Why? Because it was the same seed. The original seed went into the ground. Now it's come forth. Now, what's happening with the seed? What's happening with it? What does it do? The seed was still a little green. It takes a little time for the seed to ripen in the presence of the sun. Amen. Saints of God, that's why we don't have to jump up and pull God down. And we don't have to try to manufacture something or do something special or or or try to, you know, build up emotions and all. No, no, that's that's not the time. We're we're past that. This is seed time. This is this is a time to stay still and to vask in the presence of the sun that he might bake all the greenness out of our lives. That's what he's doing here tonight. He's baking all the greenness out of our lives. Why? Because the harvest can't come until the seed is ready. Hallelujah. That's right, brother. And we're almost there. That's right. Hallelujah. I wonder how many how many of us is holding this thing back. We talk about going to Africa and the mission field. And I just wonder is there people amongst us. Come on. That need to realize their position in Christ. That need to step up and and and and brush their teeth. They need to take their position within the body and get right with God because perhaps it's somebody amongst us that's holding this whole thing up because he cannot come until the last one comes in and takes our position. He cannot. That's right. You say that's a bold statement. It's the truth. That's right. because he cannot come until every name that was written within that little book of redemption has come to life and has taken their position within the body. And until then, he's going to labor and he's going to wait and he's going to be patient. Hey, let's get our act together. Man, that was funny. Brother Chad was talking about eating the little book. And I won't tell you what one of my boys it was. Guess what he started doing? Eating a book. Son, I'm glad you're listening. Praise the Lord. But please don't eat your book. That's nasty. As the musicians come, we'll we'll start to wind us down a little bit here. We find out that we've reached the top of the vine and we see that this vine now is bringing forth fruit in abundance. We see that the sun has brother Brandham says that that that the fruit grows on top of the tree and the life is in the middle of the tree. And what what's happening with the sun is it's drawing the life out of the vine and now it's bringing forth fruit at the top of the tree. What for? That it might be used for his kingdom's glory. Amen. Amen. Now, we could go into the process of making wine, but for time's sake, I don't want to. But this is the hour of the revealed word bringing forth the revealed fruit. This is the time that the word of this hour that it brings forth something not just a confession but it brings forth a life. Amen. Amen. So what does it mean to bear much fruit? Because we've been talking about fruit. And what is the fruit that we are supposed to bear as believers? I want to say this. It's more fruit than just justification. That's right. It is more fruit than just sanctification and living a sanctified life, though that is good. It is more fruit than just being born again. But it's beyond that. It's onto a place of adoption, of authority and power, of believing the word in its fullness, that if ye will say unto this mountain, "Be removed," and though doubt in your heart, it shall be done. You say brother that just means a symbolic uh it's a symbol. I can believe that for the natural I [Music] hope what is happening it's how are we supposed to bring forth this fruit and what kind of fruit is it? It is it is it is the the power of the spoken word. It is believing in sure the laying on of hands and the preaching of repentance and and so on and so forth. It's it's it's uh believing that the fervent prayer of a righteous man avaleth much. It's for our sisters to believe that it's not right to trim or cut our hair. It's a but yet it's not just a life of of holiness and dress, but it's a it's a daily walk of holiness in character. That's right. Because if we make this just a closline religion, which Brother Brandham did preach by the way, if but if we just leave it there and we miss the character within, we're just whited walls. Amen. So now what do we believe? We believe in having the character of Christ and believing for all things and living a life of holiness and a a closline religion, if I may say that because brother Brandham preached it. It's believing in uh in husbands loving their wives as Christ loved the church. It's I'm talking about the fruits of this message. Amen. It's about wives submitting themselves to their own husbands. For this is right. It's it's about wives respecting their husbands in the household. It's about men being men and being men of their own household and and raising their family in the admonition of God. That's the fruit of this message. That's true. Wow. Amen. We could go on and on and on, but you fill in the rest of the blanks. What is the fruit of this message? at all. When I think of this message, there's one thing that comes to me and that's rapture. Rapture. It's preparing us. This word, Brother Brandham, let me tell you, he didn't pull no punches. He said things and preached things that I would be a little embarrassed perhaps to say from this pulpit. I think there's and this is just me. Okay. Is this okay? Amen. I think there's certain quotes that brother Brandham he speaks extremely forcefully and directly and a lot of times it's towards women and Jezebel and so on and so forth. that I think it's okay just to let brother Brandham say it. Unless you're the pastor of the church, then he can say what the prophet said. But rest of us ministers, I think we should have enough respect. Amen. That's a good word. enough respect for the people of God that there's certain things and certain avenues that we just shouldn't go down to cuz it's the pastor's place and it was the place for the prophet cuz I feel a lot of times and I'm not talking about anybody in particular. I think a lot of times we can especially as a man and a minister you get up and and and read a quote and say it with force and but it's not said with love. And so it's not taken the right way. But if it's spoken in love, I believe that God's people can receive it in love. Amen. Amen. Very good. [Music] Galatians 5:16-26. This I say then, walk in the spirit and ye shall not fulfill the lust of the flesh. Write it down. Underline it. Highlight it. Walk in the spirit. You want to overcome the flesh. Walk in the spirit. For the flesh lust against the spirit, and the spirit against the flesh, and these are contrary to one to the other, so that you cannot do the things that you would. But if you be laid of the spirit, you're not under the law. Now the works of the flesh are manifest. Which are these? Adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lasciviousness, adultery, idolatry, witchcraft, hatred, variance, emulations, wrath, strife, seditions, heresies, envings, murderers, murders, drunkenness, rellings, and such like. of the which I tell you before, as I have also told you in time past, that they which do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of God. But the fruit of the spirit. You want to see the fruit of the spirit, the fruit on the vineyard, the fruit that should be upon our the vineyard of our life is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, and temperance. Against such there is no law. And they that are in Christ, that are Christs, have crucified the flesh with the affections of the lusts. If we live in the spirit, let us also walk in the spirit. It's a daily life. Let us not be desirous of vain glory, provoking one another, envying one another. The fruit of the spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, meekness, temperance. It's the life of the believer. It's the life of this message. So now I want to ask you the question, what condition is your vineyard in? Is it all tangled up with briars and nettles and thorns? The wall is broken down and it's been a while since you've taken care of it and you realize, hey, I'm not bringing forth like I should be bringing forth in my life. The wonderful thing about it is this, that once we recognize it, we can change it. We can we can get out of bed early tomorrow morning. Amen. And we can rise even though if you're not a morning person and you can rise and get up and say, you know what, I'm going to brush my teeth and look at my car. I'm going to come back inside and I'm going to read my Bible. What are you beginning to do? You're beginning to clean your vineyard. You're beginning to to put things in a little bit of order. You're you're beginning to to put your affections on things above. you're beginning to walk in the spirit and you'll find if you'll get up and you'll put God first and then you'll let him be the last thing that you think about and pray to and talk to in the evening, you'll begin to notice your vineyard now will begin to blossom and it'll be used for the glory of God. God bless you. Let's stand together this evening. Thank you for listening. Thank you for coming out to the house of the Lord. Thank you for pulling upon the word. I It was good. I enjoyed it. I was nervous. I thought, "Oh man, this is going to be a wreck. Everybody's going to be tired." And how can I follow Brother Chad and Brother Jason? And you know, Brother Ron said, "Just go with it, man." Amen. I said, "Thank you, brother Ron. It really helped me." And so, here we are. husbandmen, keepers of the vineyard. How about we start from tonight onwards and we say, "Father, yeah, there's a few things in there it doesn't belong there, but tonight I am I am going to say that I'm cleaning it up. I'm going to put it back in order now. Come, Lord, because unless the rain comes, which is the Holy Spirit, and you water the ground that I'm trying to take care of, I can't bring forth fruit. So, Father, let's pray together. Father, I ask tonight in the name of Jesus Christ that your Holy Spirit would fall upon each life, upon each heart, upon each vineyard, Lord. And Father, may it cause a a stir in our lives, Father God. and may it cause a a time of bringing forth much fruit in our lives. I ask it for thy kingdom's glory in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's sing this song together. Jesus. To be like Jesus. Yes, Lord. I'll just start singing here. to be like Jesus. to be like our Jesus. On earth I long to be like him and all through life's journey from earth to glory I only to be like David. Create in me a clean heart. Create in me a clean heart. Key of C, I believe. Create in me a clean heart. Oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. Create in me a queen of my heart. Oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. Oh, cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord. Take not thy holy spirit from [Music] me. Restore unto me the joy of my salvation. [Music] and renew arise spirit within me. Let's just sing that again. Amen. Oh, createate in me a clean heart. Oh, oh God. and renew a right spirit within me. If that's your desire, just lift your hand. Create in me a cleaning heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. Oh, cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord. Take not thy holy spirit from [Applause] me. Restore to me the joy of my salvation and renew arise spirit within me. Amen. Before we go, let's sing He's Got It All in Control. Key of C. Amen. He's got it all in control. Do you believe that, Amen? He's got it all in control. Put that reassur down in my soul. He's got it all in control. Aren't you thankful for that this evening? My father knows what I need. My father knows what I need. Yes. My father knows what I need. In everything I go through, he knows what's best for me. me. My father knows what I need. I put my life in his hands. I put my life in his hands. I put my life in his hands. So every road I walk down, I'm sure it's in his plan. I've put my life in his hands. Amen. Brother Matthew Aaron, if you could come close our service in a word of prayer. Amen. Sure was good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Just take what we've heard and apply it to our lives this week. Amen. Let's all bow our heads. Dear Lord Jesus, thank you for this day, Lord. And thank you for this time to come to your house, Father, and worship you, Lord, and hear your word, Father. And I just thank you for helping Brother Steve to get himself out of the way, Father, and to bring your word to us, Lord, tonight. And Father, I pray that as we go, we remember the things that we heard, Lord, and apply them to our lives, Father, to take care of our vineyard, Lord, and to not become lukewarm. Lord, I just ask you give everyone traveling mercies as they go home, Father, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Let's sing that again as we go this evening. He's got it all in control. He's got it all in [Music] control. He's put that reassurance way down in my soul. He's got it all in control. Amen. You're dismissed. [Music] [Music] [Music]
