################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-04 - Sunday Morning 05-04-25 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-04
Title:   Sunday Morning 05-04-25
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Shalom Tabernacle Tucson
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EFJBll8kqI8
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] Good morning everyone. Can we all stand? We'll open up in a word of prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, it's such a privilege and a blessing to be here today, Lord, to come before your presence with rejoicing and singing and praise. Father Lord as we listen to portion of the message Lord of the Thyotara church aid father we pray Lord that you just open our eyes to see Lord you said that we would the churches would know that you are he that searches the res and hearts. Father, we we're asking that today that Lord that you'd the words of our mouth, the thoughts, Lord, the meditations, Lord, would be acceptable in your sight, Lord, washed in the blood of Jesus Christ, Lord. And we we thank you for that, Lord, cuz we stand in thy strength and thy power, Lord. Without you, we could do nothing. So, Father, just take us today, Lord. Mold us into your image, Lord, as you see fit with words of faith, Lord, and sound doctrine. And we'll give you all the praise and the glory. In the name of Jesus Christ, we ask. Amen. We'll be continuing starting at paragraph 56, ending at paragraph 97, and the thyrotire church ages from the message in Revelation chapter 28-29. Can we sing only believe? Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. Only believe. All things are [Music] possible. Only believe. You may be seated. Brother Brandham. Dwan law. There was resorted to works instead of love and faith. um uh getting the more and more all the time as it went on. All right. I know your works. I know your faith. I know your patience and so forth. But now we're going to take the 20th verse. Listen to this. Notwithstanding, I have a few things against thee, because thou suffers that woman Jezebel, which calls herself a prophetist, to teach and sedue my servants, and commit fornications, and eat things uh sacrificed unto idols. Now, woman, what do we find out? Woman represented last night? Church. Now, now we find out here they were called Nickelodian doctrine of Balum and now it's become to a Jezebel. Now Jezebel if you'll notice this is a great history. Now if you want to write it down start in first kings about the first kings about 16. Jezebel was not a daughter of Abraham. Neither was this group over here, the pagan Rome. The Nickelians was a cold, formal bunch of Christians that had separated themselves from the real Christians, seemingly not having the faith. And they want to make the church like a lodge. The same as he got today, like a lodge. No spirit in it all. Days of miracles has passed. Oh, that was for another age. We got a brotherhood. A good mason, odd fell, anything like that produces that. And that's all right. But that'll never take the place of a new birth and Jesus Christ. Salvation to the soul. This truth. All right. This Jezebel. Now, she was a daughter of Abraham. That's true. A princess of an idoltor at that time when the royal family, her royal family was feigned by cruel, savage loyalty to Baum. Her father was a priest of the idol of estr. I don't know how you pronounce it. I just picked it up in the history. Ahab used this strategy like Constantine, this great powerful nation next to Israel. So therefore, what did Constantine do last night? He wasn't converted. Amen. He was a politician. What was he trying to do? He tucked the Christians when they told him they'd pray. And now that remember he's we're talking out of the Nickelodeon and he said if they would pray and he'd win this battle then he would uh he'd be a Christian. He had a dream painted his shields white that night of the cross where the Knights of Columbus is born right at that time. Now that's where they take their stand. But he never did anything like a Christian on one of the Nickelian churches called St. Sophie. He put a cross. As I said last night, that's a only thing he ever done. It sounded anything like it was for the church. As far as I could ever glean out any pages of histories, and many other scholars say the same thing. We know nothing about his conversion. Now, but what did he go into? The thing he wanted to do, he seen the most of Rome. Now, now look at this. Watch this strategy and watch how the Bible confirms it. God hundreds and hundreds of years before taking place and Constantine used the same strategy. God said here that Ahab used now Constantine seen a great part of his people were these nickelians Christians. Some of them was called heretics. That's the Pentecostals. They were heretics, holy rollers and what more? There's where your real signs and wonders lay. But the church natural then was coming on up to the organization. What did he do? Constantine played a smart part. He goes over there and gets his pagan friends and gets his Christian friends and unites the churches together. Sets up a a brought paganism into Christianity. Christianity and paganism married in the Pergus church. Now, what did he say over here to this tonight? The same thing that Ahab did. Ahabad to strengthen his kingdom married Jezebel, this idolatrous to strengthen his kingdom to get more strength into Israel. And that's what the churches is trying to do. You see where they're trying to make a Bible, have it out next year in ' 62, that it's a Bible that'll please the Jews. It'll please the Catholics and please the Protestants. Oh, brother. I got the newspaper clipping. I haven't got it with me tonight. You heard me read the other night. Yes. Amen. There you are. See all them things to try to increase. They take God's holy things and scatter them anyway to increase and make a lot of numbers. That's what the church done. It accepted people into it on the basis of shaking hands. They got renegades and everything else. Amen. Unregenerated people, but into the true body of Christ, which is not an organization, but the mystical mythical body of Christ. You can only come in there under one way and that's through the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Right. And the same signs that struck down apostles strikes the church. That's exactly right now. We don't have to compromise and say, "Well, we'll go join with these. We'll go join with the oneness. We'll go join with this or the Baptist or Methodist." Let's join them with Christ. Amen. Stay free from these things cuz each one of those organizations are all right. But they they get their doctrines and their things and you have to go see if the general overseer let you come in that country and have a meeting. If you don't teach just exact like they do, house you out. You can't stay with the Bible. Amen. God can't do it. He hates it. Amen. Amen. Any other born again Christian would too. Amen. Many of those people out there are absolutely wants to do wants to serve and wants to fellowship but you can't do it. They kick you out. Well, let them kick you out. Amen. Get the Holy Ghost anyhow. Exactly right. But you see, they they want to get that that dogma. They want to get you where you got a lot of money. The Baptist had a slogan in 44. A million more in 44. What did they get? It's like the great evangelist Billy Graham said when he was in Louisville, I'll go into a city. Said St. Paul will go into a city. He'll make one convert. Come back next year. He's he's got 30 off of that one. great great great great great grandchildren from that one conversion. He said I go into the city called 30,000 of I go back next year and can't find 30. Amen. What he said, he made a good statement but still I don't believe that our precious brother was right. He said you lazy preachers said I'll give you their names and address you sit with your feet up on the desk and write them a letter instead of going talking to them. I I kind admired him for that. I like a man to be what he is, not a hypocrite. Stand out and be what you are. And I like that. But I'd like to say, Billy, who was up there to take that convert that Paul had? Amen. What it was, Billy, if you just quit letting him go back there and shake hands and wake up and say, "Yes, I accept Jesus as my personal savior." And let him stay there till he dies and rocks and is born again of the Holy Ghost. He'll make new converts, brother. You He's a blooming with fire. You can't put him out. He's like a house on fire in a high wind. You just can't do it. Oh, he's spreading everywhere, brother. A real convert of Christ. He can't sit still. He's just He's on the move. Hallelujah. Oh, I'm so glad. Oh, glory. Old passion baptism of the Holy Ghost. It sets your soul apart. Amen. Can't stand still. Amen. Wind fanning a rushing mighty wind. Just keep just keep feeding the wood and keep going. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Nobody had to take Paul's convert. Paul take him deep enough in Christ till he got dead to himself and alive in Christ and he done the rest of it, right? That's what it is. Baptist brethren are fine, but a million more. What good does it do? You got a million more names. We just sit down and make up some of you and put them on there. That's all right. But brother, what we want is names on the lamb's book of life, slain from the foundation of the world, washed in the blood, filled with the Holy Ghost, signs and wonders following you. Amen. Search the histories. I wish you all get the nine councils and read those things to see how those martyrs help that theme of Pentecost. I'll tell you now, brother, you Baptist, Methodist, and whatever you are, the true genuine life is not the Pentecostal organization now. But the true genuine light is a Pentecostal experience. Down I've been days and days now those histories dig them into all I can find everywhere. And it's that flame of Pentecost has stayed alive from Pentecost down to this time. Amen. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Amen. Been pushed out. Some of them say, "Well, the great Catholic Church has stood the waves." Why? It proves that she's the real church. Well, it's no strange thing to me with the state and everything else behind her. She could exist. Well, what's a what's a strange thing? That little bunch is pulled off, that little minority kicked out, to go in jail, solved to pieces. How do they ever exist? Because the spirit of the living God in their beast, sir, and all the demons of hell cannot prevail against it, sir. Upon this rock, I'll build my church on the gates of hell. Amen. Glory. The real thing. Yes, sir. Amen. That's what gives the Holy Ghost to these Methodist preachers and so forth here. See, it makes them rise up. Yes, sir. Amen. Hallelujah. Does something to you. It'll never fail. Ahab, that hypocrite. See, he goes over. He says, "Now, if I could just consolidate and I'd get this big nation, and if I marry that old boy's daughter down there, well, that we we'll be friends." What was he doing? Selling his very birthright. Now, when this Protestant church does go back and unite with the Catholic Church, it'll do the same thing it did back on Earth. Amen. Ahab lived in the day that it's been three times. He was in the midnight experience of the journey of Israel. And here it comes to the midnight again. And we come to the midnight again here. Amen. Three generations before this. One year, in here, and in here. Now, if you notice, Ahab married Jezebel to strengthen his people. That's exactly what Constantine did. He set up a great big church and took the altar, made a big marble, dressed this man up, hope, set him up on there. He was a living God. He could talk to him and and tell her about their sins and that just pleased that old lukewarm church and away they went. Sure, that's it. Well, but that didn't please that man who was born again. When they take that and then bring in pagan ceremonies or saying prayers, what did they do? They taken down Jud and put up Peter. They tucked down Venus and put up Mary and it brought it brought paganism into the Christian uh ranks. And when Ahab married Jezebel, he did the very same else. He brought idolatry into Israel. Amen. And what did Jezebel do? She killed every prophet she could get her hands on. Is that right? So did the popes. Amen. Amen. Every true Christian get their hands on the killing. But there was a star of that age. Amen. [Applause] Oh, yes sir. Hallelujah. He wasn't scared to tell him about it. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. He was God's star of that age. Amen. Got down to one time and said, "Lord, I'm the only one left." God said, "Now, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Elijah. I got 700 hit out around in there." See, you don't know where they're at. They're out there in the Pharisees, Sadducees, Baptist, Methodist, and Presbyterians, but I I'll get them out of there. You just wait. I've got them out there. That's they're they're they're mine. They're not bowed to need to bail them yet. But old Elijah was the voice of God in that day. He sure was a very type of the voice of God at the first coming of Christ. It'll be the type of the voice in the second coming of Christ again, according to the scriptures. Now, we find out that this little Jezebel when she got over there, she was really going to tuck down all of the uh altars of God and put up her own altars. And she had Israelites bowing before an idol. That's exactly what Constantine did when he formed the Catholic Church. He brought paganism over into the the Christian church and had Christians bowing to idols. Amen. Exactly. The dark age again. Dark age of Israel. Dark age of of the church bowing to idols. And Elijah was a star in his day. And caused all Israel to worship Bale. And so did the Catholic Church, their Thotyra. Now I want you to notice another thing striking here. I was getting my history here. Jesus said that she was called herself a prophetist. That woman Jezebel who calls herself calls herself a prophetist. Now you see the Catholic church don't permit their people to read the Bible because they say that the priest is the only one that can divinely divine that word. Well, that's true interpretation of a prophet. A prophet has the divine interpretation of God's word. Amen. That's exactly right. How a person can call one somebody a prophet and then say they have the wrong revelation. It's just as much sense as eternal sunship. Again, you see it's it's the a prophet means the correct diver. Amen. The one that the word of the Lord came to. The revelation came to it. The word prophet means a diver of the divine word. Amen. Jesus said, "If there be one among you, spiritual or prophet, our Lord will speak to him. And if what he says comes to pass, then hear him. I'm with him. If it doesn't come to pass, then don't hear him." That's all. It was it was the divine word of God. And the word of the Lord came to the prophets. Now, they said that this church then was a prophet. Now remember, it's changed from this nickel. Now it's changed over to a her. Amen. Amen. You see it? A Jezebel. Now, last night was a doctrine of Balum. See, doctrine of the Nickelians and doctrine of Balum. Now, Balum was the one who made hoarded them with Israel. And what did the u the the do nicadians do? Made the organization. So put them both together and you got a her church. Amen. Sure. Revelation 17, the great horror that sets upon uh many waters. Woman, prostitute. What is she? How is she a prostitute? She's committing fornication, spiritual fornication, misinterp. Get away from that fanaticism. That's real fanaticism. Right. Now see, she calls herself a prophetist. We're the one. We're the council. We're the lady of sin counsel again, the council of man. And we have decided this and this and thus. So you listen to us. But Jes that that little priest up here interviewed me about Elizabeth Frasier or that Frasier girl said um uh the the cardinal wants to know if you are the bishop if you baptize this Frasier girl. Say she's becoming a Catholic. I said, "Yeah, I understand that." said, "Did you baptize her?" I said, "Yes, sir." He said, "How did you baptize her?" I said, "In Christian baptism." He said, 'Well, what do you mean by that? I said, "Christian baptism." The way the Bible says, "There's only one way to baptize in Christian baptism." Amen. Every person in the Bible was immersed under the water in the name of Jesus Christ. He wrote down, started writing down like that, said, "You know, the Catholic Church used." I said, "When?" I said, "I have all the ancient history sure that I could ever get a hold of from London and everywhere else so I can study when this hour will soon approach. when something's going to happen. I said, I I want to know where I he said, oh, he said, in the Bible. I said, you say that. He said, Jesus organized the Catholic church. I said, was Peter the first pope? Said, most certainly. I said, I thought the church was infallible and didn't change and all the masses is said in Latin, so it wouldn't change. He said, that's true. I said, well, you sure done some changing since that time. I said, if that Bible is a Catholic book, then I'm an oldfashioned Catholic. Amen. That's right. I said, "I'm an oldfashioned Catholic then." I said, "It certainly." He said, "Well, now you see the Bible is just the history of the Catholic Church." He said, "God is in his church." I said, "God is in his word." Amen. Right. Let my word be true and every other man's word alive. And here on this book of Revelations is the only book, let me repeat it, that Jesus put his endorsement up on. And the first thing he did was reveal his deity. And he completely does it. And it said, "Anybody that'll take anything out of it or add anything to it, the same will be taken as part of the book of life." Blessed is he that readeth or he that he hearth and cursed is he that'll add one thing to it or take anything away from it. You are. So you see the danger part. So don't ever add nothing to that. Just leave it the way it is and just keep on going. The spirit will reveal it to you if you'll just be humble. Hallelujah. Seeise. That's right. Glory. Nowise. So it's not complicated. God Jesus thanked the father for saying I thank thee father that thou has hid these things from the eyes of the rabbis and the bishops and the cardinals and the gentle overseers and and has revealed to such as learn. See that's what you want. It's a revelation of God that can only come as he said there who does man say I am he said the art the Christ is the son of the living God. He said Simon you never learned that in a seminary. Nobody ever told you that that come was a revelation from heaven and upon this rock I'll build my church and the gates of hell can't prevail against them. Exactly revelation that Abel had in the beginning it's the revelation was then it's still the revelation and it'll always be the revelation. That's right. Now we find out here that she was a woman now and a woman represents a church. Is that right? Christ is coming for a what? Ride. A woman chase virgin. And the old woman here, she claimed herself to be of of the the church of God. But what she was, she was decked in riches and pearl and everything and had a cup of the filthiest of her fornications that she made all the kings drunk upon the wine of it. Is that right? [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Goodbye. [Music] You are. [Music] Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, I love [Music] Jesus because he first loved me. To me, he's so wonderful to me. He is so wonderful. [Applause] Oh to me he is so wonderful to me. He is so [Music] wonderful because he first loved me. Can we just sing that? Oh, how I love Jesus again. Yes. Oh, how I love you, [Music] Jesus. Oh, how I love Jesus. [Applause] song. How I love you, [Music] Jesus, because he first loved me. Amen. Let's stand together this morning. Just bear with the folks in the back in the sound booth this morning. They've lost some of the settings for the for the microphone here. So, it may be a little quiet for both of us, but we'll work through that. Amen. Lord, hears our worship regardless of the level, and we want to make him feel welcome this morning. Amen. So, good to see all the smiling faces this morning. Good to see the king's back. Chuck, you look a little older, gone a long time, but happy birthday. Amen. We come open our service with a word of prayer this [Music] morning. Precious Lord and Savior, it's always a privilege Lord to come into the house of the Lord. place has been set aside to worship you, Lord Jesus. And we want to worship you in spirit and in truth as the word of God says this morning. We welcome you here, Father. If you're not here with us, Lord, we've gathered and g in vain. Father, we just ask you to just come down and anoint your children here who've gathered. Lord, taken the time and gathered together. Father, speak to us through your word. We know we've already received a portion of it through the Sunday school class this morning as the prophet taught us. And now, Lord, we look forward to giving you worship and praise and then hearing from our pastor. Lord, bless him. We pray as he comes. May you just anoint him and speak through him. We pray as only you can. Father, we just love you so much. Thank you for your amazing grace to us. Asking these blessings and giving you thanks in Jesus name. Amen. Just sing that one more time. I'll never forsake him. Oh, never forsake him all. Never forsake [Music] him because he first love me. Would you just shake hands with those around you before you're seated? Oh, how I love you, [Music] Jesus. Oh, how I love you, Jesus. song. How I love you, Jesus, because he first loved me. Amen. You can be seated. Let's go to the key of B flat if we could. I am weak but thou art strong. or Jesus keep me from all wrong and I'll be satisfied as long. Oh, let me walk. Let me walk close to thee. [Music] Yes, just a closer walk with [Music] thee. Oh, granted Jesus, that's my thing. as I'm daily walking close to thee. Let it be, oh dear Lord, let it be. and through this world of toil and [Music] snares. And if I falter, Lord, who cares? [Music] And who with me my burden shared. None but thee. Oh dear Lord. None but thee. Let's sing the third verse. When my feeble life is on. Yes. When my feeble life is on. And time for me will be no more. Won't you guide me gently safely on to thy kingom shore? to thy shore. Oh yes, just just a closer one with thee. Home [Music] granted Jesus is my place and daily walking close to thee. Let it be. Oh dear Lord, let it be. Oh, let it be. Lord, just let it be. Dear Lord, let it Let's ask him one more time. Let it be, Lord. Don't let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. [Music] And you are not a God created by human hands. You are not a God dependent on any mortal man. You are not a God in need of anything we can give by your plan. That's just the way it is. Let's sing that verse to him again. You are not a God created by human hands. You are not a God dependence on any mortal man. You are not a God in need of anything we can give by your plan. That's just the way it [Music] is. Well, you are God alone from before time began. You are on your throne. You are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad you are on your throne. You are God alone. You're the only God whose power none can contend. You're the only God whose name and praise will never end. You're the only God who's worthy of everything we can give. You are God, that's just the way it is. Yes, you are God alone. From before time began, you were on your throne. Yes, you are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad, you are on your throne. You are God alone. You're unchangeable. You're unshakeable. You're unstoppable. Oh, that's what you are. You're unchangeable. You're unshakeable. You're unstoppable, Lord. That's what you are. Yes, you are, God, Lord. From before time began, you were on your throne. You are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad, you are on your throne. You are God alone. Yes, right now. Yes, right now. In the good times and best, you are on your throne. You are God alone. Oh, peace of God cover me. Oh, cover [Music] me. Cover me. Is that your desire this morning? Yes. Peace of God. says, "We have not because we don't ask him." Lord, just cover me with your peace this morning through the storm. Cover me. Let's ask him that one more time. Oh, peace of God, cover me. Cover me, Lord. Cover me. Peace of God, cover me through the storm. Cover me, Lord. It's only in you that I'm safe. And only in you I am safe. And only in you I'm secure. And only in you I find peace. So cover me Lord. Cover me. Oh cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I am going through the storm. Cover me when all seems hopeless. Cover me when my faith is gone. Let the peace that passes all I understand. Cover me. Cover me. Oh, peace of God. Peace, oh God, cover [Music] me. Cover me. Cover me. Oh, peace of God. Peace of God, cover me through the [Music] storm. Cover me. It's only you. I am safe. It's only in you I am secure. Lord. Oh, only in you I find peace. So cover [Laughter] me. Cover me. Cover me. [Music] Cover me when I am going through the [Music] storm. Lord, cover me when all seems hopeless. Cover me when my faith is gone. Let the peace that passes all I understand. [Music] Oh, cover me. Cover me. Cover me when I'm hurting. Me when I am hurt. Cover me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I am going through the [Music] storm. Cover me when all seems hopeless. Cover me when my faith is gone. Let the peace that passes home. I understand. Grant it, Lord. Cover me. Cover me. Peace of God, cover me. Yes, Lord. Cover me. Oh, cover me. Oh, peace of God. Peace of God. Cover me. Hallelujah. Through the storm. Cover me. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's go. Maybe let's try key of F. Just the chorus. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, [Music] hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, bless his name. Hallelujah. Maybe you just want to stand as we praise him this morning. Hallelu. Oh [Music] hallelujah. Hallelujah. Maybe just the sisters could sing. Thank you Jesus. [Music] Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Thank you. Thank [Music] you. Amen. Just the brothers now. Lord, you're worthy. [Music] there one last time. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelu Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. How many can say Lord you are worthy this morning. Hallelujah. Blessed be his wonderful name. How many have a unspoken need? Just want to raise that your hand signifying that this morning. Amen. So good to see the Troutman's back this morning with us. Amen. God is so faithful. He's our healer. He's our portion. Amen. Brother Galant is at the prayer request this morning. But just one that I'd like to mention before he takes those is um the Marcato family here in Tucson. Many of you know them. Our son Greg is married to their daughter Hannah. So Hannah's brother Levi was in a a dirt bike motorcycle accident on Friday and um injured his ankle very badly. It was uh bones were broken. It was just tendon that was keeping his his foot attached to his leg. Um so they uh they did surgery yesterday. Um concerned about infection. They were concerned they may have to amputate, but the marcados last night said, you know, our request is that that the Lord will deal with his soul through this. So Levi needs a closer walk with the Lord. And the parents are saying, you know what, whatever it takes. And it's hard as a parent to do that, but that is uh that's where they're at. Lord, if this is what it takes to get Levi's attention. So, let's believe with the Marcato [Music] family. Nothing is too big, too small for our God. I just I love that. Regardless of what we're going through, he's our friend. He's our provider. He's our healer. But they're saying he needs soul healing more than the physical healing. So, let's just believe for both this morning. Amen. Brother Joe, I take the rest that needs for [Music] us. God bless everyone. We also want to remember our sister Annie Anilia is here today and an is going to go for a procedure on Tuesday. So, we want to remember her and continue to remember brother Jim Alexander. uh uh in Mesa and the snow. Sister Lori, brother Snow, let's go to him now. Heavenly Father, Lord, we're we're glad we can come before you, Father, for you're the answer, Lord, to every need, Lord, and through your blood, you made us worthy to stand before you. Come, Lord, to your throne with boldness. And Lord Jesus, we want to bring before you Levi, Father, that has had this accident, Father. Lord Jesus, we pray that the doctors would find a way and the nurses and Lord, thy holy power, Lord, to save that foot, Father. And through it all, bring them closer to thee, Lord Jesus. Father, all things, Lord, there's a reason sometimes and we don't understand. But Lord, we just commit them into your hands, Father. Lord, and for our brother Jim Alexander, Lord, the still in the hospital, I believe, Father, and Lorie Snow, Father, and Brother Snow, Lord, they have storms in their life also. And pray, Father, that you'd be the peace in their life. You'd be the power, Lord, that brings them through stronger in you, Lord. healed. For you said, Lord, that healing was the children's bread, Lord. And they're your children, Lord. And we declare, Father, them. We declare for them the word of God. By your stripes, they're healed. Father, let that confession be strong in their life also. Lord, we know you'll bring us all through. Every unspoken request, Father, meet every need. Lord, we pray. In the name of Jesus Christ, we ask. Amen. [Music] Wonder if we can sing that song. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. Righteous run into it and they are safe. David said, "Some trust in chariots, some in horses, but we will remember the name of the Lord our God." And he said a couple verses before that, "We'll rejoice in thy salvation. In the name of our God, we will set up our banners. The Lord fulfill all thy petitions." So, I'm glad we have that assurance and we come to him. He wants us to come to him. And since we we don't have because we don't ask. So, we've asked him this morning and we've got to let's claim the name of the Lord this morning. Amen. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into him and they are saying the name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into it and they are safe. How I love the name. How I love the name of the Lord. How I love the name of the Lord. How I love the name of the Lord most high. How I love the name of the Lord. Oh, how I love the name of the Lord. Yes. How I love the name of the Lord. Amen. There's healing in the name of the Lord. Yes, there's healing in the name of the Lord. There's healing in the name of the Lord. There's healing in the name of the Lord. Most high. There's healing in the name of the Lord. There's healing in the name of the Lord. There's healing in the name of the Lord. most high. Let's sing one more. There's deliverance in that name this morning. Deliverance in the name of the Lord. There is deliverance in the name of the Lord. There's deliverance in the name of the Lord most [Music] high. There's deliverance in the name of the Lord. Deliverance in the name of the Lord. Deliverance in the name of the Lord most high. Oh Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord most high. Yes. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord most high. Amen. You can be seated this morning. We'll just sing a that song. I never shall forget today as our pastor comes this morning. Tim and Emma are going to be gone for a couple the next couple Sundays, next few Sundays vacationing. So, we want to get our little workout at the Tim this morning before he leaves. I never shall forget the day. Amen. Long years ago, went out in sin, I had no hope, no peace within. down on my knees in agony. I prayed to Jesus and he gladly set me free. I never shall forget the day. When Jesus rolled my sins away, it made me happy, glad, and free. I'll sing and shout it for he's everything to me now. I can feel him by my side. I can feel him by my side. my feeble stands. He comes to guide. Trials come. He comforts me. I have the victory. I never shall forget the day when all the burdens of my soul were rolled away. It made me happy, glad, and free. I'll sing and shout it. For he's everything to me. Oh sinner, come to Jesus now and at his feet. Just humbly bow. Confess to him your every sin. He'll save and cleanse you. Give you joy peace within. I never shall forget the day when all the burdens of my soul were rolled away. It made me happy, glad, and free. I'll sing and shout it for everything to me. The seals were broke in 63. I saw my name and I believe there is no doubt of who I am. I am a son of God. I'm truly one of them. I never shall forget the day when all the burdens of my soul were rolled away. It made me happy, glad and free. I'll sing and shouting glories everything to me. Sing that chorus again. I never shall forget the day when all the burdens of my soul were rolled away. It made me happy, glad and free. All sing and shouted for is everything to me. Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] to me. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Amen. Amen. How many can remember when the Lord set you free? I never shall forget the day when the burden of my soul had rolled away. It makes me happy. Glory and hallelujah. I'll sing and shout it for everything. Amen. Amen. Let us pray. Heavenly Father, as we come into your presence, Lord, singing your praises. May you bless us, Lord, now with your word as it comes forth, anoint us, Lord Jesus, with all of the good things you have in store for your children. You know what we have need of, Lord. And we didn't come here just to be seen, Lord. But we need something from you. Grant that to every heart that's gathered here. May no one leave here disappointed. May they receive from the great Holy Spirit. We ask in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. So, the Lord bless each of you richly. I'm so happy to be back home here on the Sunday morning with you. Um we had a wonderful time in Liberia and we bring you greetings from the saints there and uh they're just a wonderful group of people and we've had just a a great time with them. I gave a small report on Wednesday uh just of the our trip and the time that we had there with those believers and they definitely send their greetings to each of you. It's a developing country. this the country of Liberia, the main city is um Monrovia, named after President uh James Monroe. And he had started a movement for the freed Africans, free a African-Americans to repopulate this portion of Africa. And that's the history of Liberia. And so, um, I think two ships were sent back with the slaves that were freed into Monrovia or Liberia. And so, their flag is very similar to ours. It's the same colors. It has a constitution the way we have. Um, they they speak English. It's their first language. And then they have other little dialects and so forth. That just gives a brief history. And the most important part is they believe this message with all their heart. What is so nice is we're not contending with whether or not to put Brother Random's pictures up or take them down. Not over there. They believe it just like it's on the tapes. And so if you're not careful, you know, being an American, you think that you have an edge on people and we do in technology and you know, maybe our cities are more advanced and so forth, but they have all the tapes that you have and when they read the message, God speaks to them. And I and I can say this, and some of you might be shocked, there's some pastors over there that can really come here and teach some of us how to follow this message. Because God is no respector of persons. If you believe it, God will bless you. No matter what your language is, no matter where you from, no matter what accent you have, if you take God at his word, God will bless you. And I see this blessing over their lives. So I join with them 100%. My heart is with them. They've heard the apostasy that we hear of and those that are leaving the message and brother Adam did this wrong. And those brothers and brothers that started a lot of that here had tried to bring those back into those countries and those brothers handled it like we handle it here. We put it in the garbage can and we stay with the message. Amen. Amen. So God bless you. I bring you greetings from the saints there in Liberia. If the Lord willing I and it works out, I'll bring some pictures and maybe take an afternoon one time and and go a little bit deeper into that country. I want to I thank the young people. It surprised me. I saw your little thank you card out there and it welcome home. And so, thank you so much. I appreciate that. And I certainly appreciate your prayers, you know, to be able to leave and know that the saints are not upset with me for not being here on Easter. I certainly appreciate your prayers and uh I don't choose to be gone, especially not Easter and and especially I I wasn't there on the vacation. and I was there preaching and so I appreciate you praying for me and giving me that support and giving me that liberty to go. Amen. I haven't heard it. Maybe someone does have an attitude, but I haven't heard it or felt it. So, God bless you. I'll try to stay home a little bit more, but this was needful for me to go. they uh the brothers there, you know, being an American, they look to you that maybe you have some insight more than they do, but when you sit and break bread with them, they believe this message. They know the quotations. So, you just can't, you know, I love that. I so appreciate that. And um of course, we do have, I mean, we we know believers that are here in this congregation that met Brother Brandham. We we've been to Sabino Canyon, Sunset Mountain, Brandham Tabernacle, and many of these believers will never get the opportunity to even come to the US. So, they won't even see those places. So, the next next best thing is if they can find somebody who has seen them and they love that. And so, when you share those testimonies with them, they so appreciate it. And that's so nice. I'm recharged. I'm re revived. I can go another 100,000 miles, I think. So, I'm so glad to be back with you. Love you all so much and appreciate you. Appreciate brother the deacon board and the the trustees that hold their post of duty. It makes it so easy for me. Brother Joe, Brother Galante, Brother Ben, the trustees, Brother Chris, Brother Scott, and then the brothers who lead the song services and the musicians. I certainly appreciate that that you come to the house of the Lord to serve the bride of Christ. And it's easy, it's easy to stay home, especially if you know I'm not there, the pastor is not there, then you want to go visit or go here or go there. But I appreciate the saints that that hold hold it down for us. and God bless you richly. So, we have communion tonight. Uh, everyone is welcome. We'll go to the table of the Lord and remember that. I think we skipped last month and so we'll have the opportunity to do that tonight. Amen. If you're happy and you know it, say amen. Amen. Amen. If you're happy and you know it, then your face will surely show it. Amen. Can I get a smile this morning? Oh, that's so nice. God bless you. All right, so let's stand and go to the word of the Lord in our bulletin. Psalms 34. Brother Joe has that in there. And I'd like to take verses 1 through 11. if we could read that as a class. Welcome any visitors that are here for the first time and God bless you richly. We're so happy to have you with us. Psalms 34. This is one of my mother's favorite Psalms. this Psalms 34 and it says this. I'll take the first verse and the class you read al together the second verse and we'll read the 11th verse al together. I will bless the Lord at all times. His praise shall continually be in my mouth. Oh, magnify the Lord with me and let us exalt his name together. They looked unto him and were lightened and their faces were not ashamed. The angel of the Lord encampeth around about them that fear him and deliverth them. Oh, fear the Lord, ye his saints, for there is no want to them that fear him. that shall not altogether. Come ye children, hearken unto me. I will teach you the fear of the Lord. Amen. God add blessing to the reading of his word. We'll take one more scripture in Ephesians chapter 1. verse number three. Blessed be the God of our father. Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ, according as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love, having predestinated us into the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will to the praise of the glory of his grace, wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved. Amen. in whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins, according to the riches of his grace, wherein he hath abounded towards us in all wisdom and prudence, having made known unto us the mystery of his will, according to his good pleasure, which he hath purposed in himself, that in the dispensation of the fullness of time, he might gather together in one all things in Christ, both which are in heaven and which are on earth, even in him, in whom also we have obtained an inheritance, being predestinated according to the purpose of him who workketh all things after the counsel of his will. We have obtained an inheritance and that inheritance is the third pool inheritance. That's what we're going to talk about this morning. May God bless the reading of his word. You may be seated. Amen. Now, this book of Ephesians parallels Joshua. Brother Brandham tells us and in the adoption message he says this and I brought this on Wednesday and on Thursday partly and Mesa and here um the prophet of God says this in the adoption part one paragraph number six he says Bible teaching is usually a little treacherous a little you know kind of walking out on thin ice we call it but we just feel that maybe at this point, at this time, it might be good to kind of bring the church to what I think a complete understanding positionally of what we are in Christ Jesus. And sometimes I think that preaching is a wonderful thing, but I believe sometimes, brother Beer, that teaching goes far beyond that and kind of especially to the church. Now preaching usually catches the sinner, brings him under condemnation by the word, but teaching places a man positionally. Amen. What he is. And we can never rightly be able to have faith until positionally we know what we are. Now, isn't that beautiful how the prophet of God highlights teaching and it's actually the Holy Spirit that does the teaching. He's the teacher. It's not the Sunday school teacher. It's not the pastor. It's not the preacher. It's not so much your mom or your dad, but it's the Holy Spirit that does the teaching. And the teaching is to stabilize the believer. Actually the teaching is what separates us from the other nominal Christians. The nominal churches can praise and worship. They can sing. They can shout. They can go to church. They can do all the things that a normal Christian does. But the teaching, if it's been given by revelation, this is what separated Cain and Abel. The way they worshiped was based on what the Holy Spirit taught one and the other one did not get by the Holy Spirit. The Holy Spirit taught Abel that it was blood. And so his sacrifice was reflected upon what the Holy Spirit had taught him. Has the Holy Spirit taught you anything? Oh, I'm so glad that the Holy Spirit is our teacher. He'll teach you things that the university can never teach you. He'll teach you things that you can't teach yourself. He'll teach you things that you can't find on the internet or some cheap knowledge. He'll teach you things by the spirit. And that will equip you for to have the faith that you need. You can't really have faith until you know your position. You got to know that you're a son of God. You're not just an anybody. You're not just halfway just mossing along. He predestinated you because you're a son and a daughter of God. And the Holy Spirit teaches us that. The Bible teaches us that and so the prophet highlights teaching. And so we should highlight it, too. Now, teaching isn't just for the preacher. Can I get a witness? It's not just for the men in the church. It's not just for the old-timers. Teaching is for the believer. The scripture commands us to study to show oursel approved. A workman that needeth not be ashamed. That's what the Bible says. You got to take that word and go read it, study it, and the Lord will bless you in that. You know, you might not be able to understand all the details of the ins and the outs, but as a believer, you start by reading the word of the Lord, and he will open up his understanding to you. Maybe you're not a maybe you're a slow learner in a school. Maybe you're a fast learner. Maybe you have high IQ. Maybe no IQ at all. But if you're a believer, the Holy Spirit will teach you something. He'll He'll teach you how to have faith when unbelief strikes you. He'll teach you how to claim your healing when sickness strikes your body. He'll teach you not to be afraid of what the enemy tries to throw your way because you're a believer. Amen. And the Holy Spirit will teach you that. How many to say, Lord, teach me this morning. Amen. So, he's given us an inheritance. And this a beautiful inheritance that he's given to us. Um I like to take a scripture over in 1 John chapter 4. And we normally take John and know him as the apostle of love. He talks about the love of God and loving one another and chapter 1, chapter 2, chapter 3. But then in 1 John chapter 4, he brings in a reminder to us and that is this in chapter 4 verse one. And this is what a true believer you you know you you don't want to only take one side of the scripture that would be taking away or adding. And so as a believer we have to take everything that the word has given us on every subject on any subject. Now, so if I'm only quoting to you the legalistic side of the Bible, well, I'm not being honest because it's not all legalism. There is a grace side, too. And if I'm only teaching you grace, grace, grace, and that you don't have to do nothing. There's no works. In fact, in that church age that we're listening to for our Sunday school, brother Bannam, uh he points out that works is mentioned four times in that Thitarian church age. That works are part of our salvation. And if you get rid of the works, then you you know you're out of balance there again too. But I like what John says here in verse number one. says, "Beloved, believe not every spirit, but try the spirits whether they are of God, because how many? Many false prophets are gone out into the world." So, we're not talking about the drug dealer. We're not talking about the guy who owns the bar. We're not talking about the scandalous girl or this one and that. We're talking about a prophet that teaches falsely. Amen. And the the the apostle here is warning us not to believe every spirit because many false prophets are going out into the world. Look at verse two. Hereby know ye the spirit of God. Every spirit that confesseth that Jesus Christ has come in the flesh is of God. And every spirit that confesses not that Jesus Christ has come in the flesh is not of God. And this is that spirit of antichrist. Say it with me. Antichrist whereof you have heard that it should come. So you heard that it should come. And even now already is it in the world. Amen. Ye are of God, little children, and have overcome them who the false prophets, false teachers, all of their foolishness. You overcome them because greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. So, we thank the Lord for that, don't we? We know that there's an antichrist. We know that it was supposed to come. We know that it is already here. But we know that we are of God and we overcome those antichrist spirits because greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. Now this great uh inheritance that the Lord has given to us. Brother Brandham shares with us what this inheritance is in the adoption number two. And he says this in paragraph number 12. It says this here. Praise the Lord. Adoption number two. Paragraph number 12. He says this right at the beginning. There's so much we can say here. I'll just take a highlight of it if I can. He says, "Now tonight our scripture is dividing the book of Ephesians is the book of Joshua of the New Testament. It's dividing up and setting in order the overcome ones." Now, it's just it's just a background for a few moments to get to the place we start reading paragraph 13. And now when the time of the promise drew nigh, God raised up someone to bring them to that land. How many in class know tonight who that one knows who that one was? Moses. Notice a very very real type of our one that was given to bring us to the promised land. Now we have a promise cuz our promise is spiritual rest where their theirs was physical rest. And so they was coming to a land that they could say this is our land. We are no more wanderers. We've settled down. This is our land. And here we have rest. We plant our corn, our vineyards. We'll eat from our vineyards. Then when we pass on, we'll leave it to our children. And oh, how we can go into the land of the laws of inheritance like Naomi and Ruth, Boaz, bring all that back. How breth in Israel, how that anything he had lost must be redeemed by a kinsman. Oh, how beautiful. Paragraph 17, just drop right down. He says, Paul told the Romans said, "Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou and thy house shall be saved." If you got faith enough for your own self to be saved, have faith enough. No matter how wavered that boy is or that girl is, they'll be saved anyhow. God somehow if he has to lay them on their back, laying there in a hospital dying, they'll be saved. God promised it the inheritance and they shall be there. Isaiah said, "And all their offsprings with them, they shall not hurt nor destroy." How important is this inheritance to you? This is our inheritance. For Israel, it was physical land. For us, it's spiritual land. There are things that belong to us by the spirit, and our family is one of them. And we care and we concern about our family, don't we? But God promised those children to us. He promised it. It belongs to us and we claim it. And it's not an easy going. It's not somebody going to give it to you. You got to go take that promise. You got to go pick up the scriptures that talk about salvation to your loved ones. Pick them up and read them. Read them until you get emotional. Read it until you feel it in your bones. Read it out loud. Read it in the morning. Read the scriptures that claim your family and then stand up and claim it. Say, "Lord, you gave me those children. Lord, you promised it to me and my family belongs to me. I claim every one of them. Even the nieces and the nephews, second cousins, first cous, if it's my family, I claim them. I claim every one of them for your glory, for your honor, and for your praise. That's my inheritance. This is our land. A beautiful example of this as we went through their with the young people on Friday. There's a beautiful little example of these sisters found over in Numbers chapter 27. If we can turn there quickly, these little sisters, the daughters of the Loiad. How many know where I'm going? How many know where I'm going? Well, there's one. There's two. How many don't know where I'm going? Now, all you young people that was in the Bible study on Friday, where you at? You should know exactly where I'm going. All right. Numbers 27. Quickly. I love this because this expands beyond somebody telling you what you can have. Uh-huh. Numbers. What did I say? Numbers. Is that what I want? Yeah, that's what I want. Numbers 27. Verse number one. Then came the daughters Z of Zilofiad, the son of Hepher, the son of Gilead, the son of Mar, the son of Manasseh, of the family of Manasseh, the son of Joseph. And these are the names of his daughters, Mahala, Noah, Ola, Milka, and Tiraza. And they stood before Moses and said before Eleazar the priest and before the princes and all the congregation by the door of the tabernacle of the congregation saying our father died in the wilderness and he was not in the company of them that gathered themselves together against the Lord in the company of Kora but died in his own sin and had no sons. Why should the name of our father be done away from among his family because he hath no son? Give unto us therefore a possession among the brethren of our father. And Moses brought their cause before the Lord. And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying, The daughters of Zeilof speak rightise. Thou shalt surely give them a possession of their inheritance among their fathers, brethren, and thou shalt cause the inheritance of their father to pass unto them. Thou shalt speak unto the children of Israel, saying, If a man die and have no son, then ye shall cause his inheritance to pass unto his who? His daughter. And if he have no daughter, then he shall give his inheritance unto his brethren. And if he have no brethren, then he shall give his inheritance unto his father's brethren. And if his father have no brethren, then he shall give his inheritance unto his kinsmen that is next to him, of his family, and he shall possess it, and it shall be unto the children of Israel, a statute of judgment, as the Lord commanded Moses. I like these sisters. I like these sisters. I like their spirit. I like their desire for the promises to fall upon them. There was no statue or judgment for them. But they can ask anyways. They asked Moses, "How how can this be? We have no brothers. My dad had no sons. And how is this name gonna prolong? How can we keep this alive?" And so Moses says, "You know, I never thought about that." Well, of course, you wouldn't think about it because it's not your problem, but this is their problem and this is their desire. So, they brought it to the prophet and the prophet brought it to the Lord. And the Lord said, "These sisters speak right now. We'll make a judgment and a statute for them, and we will create a ma a way for them. We'll make a provision for them. And this shall h this is how it'll be for the rest of Israel going on. See, this is how faith moves you. Yes. Amen. You find the promise, the Lord will make a way for you to have it. You might not have no examples in the church that can identify with your situation. And you might not have anybody that can testify to what you're going through. But if you bring your cause to the Lord, He will create a way for you out of no way because that's the God that we serve. You approach him in faith and he will make a provision for your case if he's got to create a new statute in judgment. We see it right here in the Old Testament. Praise the Lord. Everybody can get something from the God that I serve. Yeah. Even believe unbelievers, God will make a way for them. Amen. Give them if they have faith. I love that. And so these are teachings. These daughters must have been taught what the inheritance was. Amen. They had a knowledge of what was going on here. He's being blessed. They being blessed. They all g's my blessing. So, they had a knowledge somewhere and it was a scriptural desire and they brought it to the Lord and the Lord says, "Okay, y'all are right. We forgot we forgot about y'all when we made the laws, but we'll create a statue for you here today." Now, can we have that faith in the promises of God today? Can you? Yes, you can. If you're a believer, believers believe. That's what they do. Now, amen. Let's go a little bit further. This taking the scriptures and studying them and believing for them is the commandment that the scripture gives us to study the word of the Lord so that we can know what these promises are to us. So that we can know what belongs to us. Because just, you know, shouting, praising, and enjoying the atmosphere of the Holy Spirit, that's great, but that's not enough to move the enemy off of your property. That's not enough to place you positionally as a believer. My sister, God has a place for you and it's found in the scriptures. And you need to identify your place in the scripture. Not your emotions, not your past, not what everybody else is doing, but your position in the scriptures. Brethren, the same thing. God has a position for you, and that is in the word of the Lord. And so, the teaching of the word is what places the believer. Amen. Gives him a foundation on where to stand. Hopefully, a pastor has that position. Hopefully a trustee or a deacon has that position. Hopefully a newcomer, an old-timer, a believer has a position in the scripture that identifies who they are. We're not just on our feelings. I feel saved today. How many know there's some days you don't feel saved? How there's some days you just don't you know which way you don't even know if you're even a believer. There's some days that you just feel horrible and you know your faith isn't where it should be. But the scripture says he will not lose one of them. And that he called you not to lose you. He called you to justify you, to glorify you, to take you on over into the greater and deeper things in God. And once you know that in the scripture, you know how to stand. Amen. Yes. Amen. We can't serve the Lord emotionally. I feel like my ministry is good, so I'll preach today. Let me look and see how many saints are out there. Is there enough? Yeah, I can preach today. I can lead songs today. Well, how many who's going to be there? I don't know if I can lead songs or not. Depends on who's going to be there. No. No. You have a post. You have your position. And the scriptures identify that for you. Amen. Praise the Lord. We don't do it emotionally. We do it scripturally. Amen. So the prophet of God takes before some of his greatest teaching messages arguably one of them spoken word is the original seed. The other one the church ages the series that he preached and the other the series on the revelation of the seven seals. Great mysterious things. And here is how brother Brandham approached those series. And I could take out of the Pergamian church age and here's what he says here. Paragraph number 35. Now I think that was all. Now remember tomorrow night we're on another church age each night. And I'm sure that we could have plenty of time tomorrow to run all day long on this and then tomorrow night too. But see many of them will be working and I'll try just to get the very highlights of this message. hit the spots that spoke of here, which you can take one of them and just keep on run it out till there's just no telling where it would go. You see, and then you study it out at home. Amen. And I'll be praying for you and you be praying for me. And God bless us together as we his believing children. He says this in the spoken word is the original seed. Prograph 458. And remember, I've told you the truth. I thank you for sitting here all this day since early this morning. Many of you standing around the walls and the halls yet feet and legs are cramping sitting out in the cars. Your batteries run down almost from listening. And here it is. It's all on tape. The boys has taped it back there. You'll be able to get it. And if you do get it, take it home and study it real closely, wisely, and see what the Lord will reveal to you. Amen. Paragraph, 122 in the message, God hiding in simplicity. Here he is again. So he's bringing in the uh uh uh the the message um just as he's bringing in the seals, the series on the seals, paragraph 124. I read this for you all before, but I want to read it to you again just to bring the importance of it. Now study that. Study it all. And you people who are visiting here, when you go to your motel rooms, take those things and ponder over them. We don't have time to break it down as it should be broke down, but I want you to do it when you get to the motel or hotel or wherever you're staying or the home. Gather together and study over it. Now, who's telling who's telling us this now? This is the prophet now telling us this. Amen. Amen. Um, praise the Lord. Levi, can you get my backpack out of my office for me, please? I need that. Paragraph 64. Many of them I see are writing. I want you to get this one here. Don't watch Levi. Look at this quote here. Paragraph 64. It says, "Many of them I see are writing." They got their books and writing the scriptures down, marking them in their Bible for a chain. So that's fine. I like for you to do that. Then go home and study it. And if you study it yourself, then you'll understand it better. See, just study it and ask God to help you to understand. Oh, that's so nice. So, the discipline of study belongs to the believer. That's not just brothers. That's sisters, too. That you could study the word of the Lord. Not so you can argue it, not so you can be smarter, but you're feeding on the word of God. Your spirit man needs to hear it. Amen. He They need He needs to hear it. And that's what it was designed to do. And the prophet here in the seals is now telling us that. Thank you. Just bring it right on. Thank you. All right. Thanks. Very good. And the first seal at the beginning, he says this here in his prayer, paragraph number one, he opens in prayer and he he he he says the same thing. I'm just to save a little bit of time. He he's saying the same thing about, you know, for the Holy Spirit to reveal it. Then at the last of the first seal, paragraph 409, I will read this. He says this here. We pray God that you'll take these words now that has been said and make them real to the people. Let them see it, Lord, being pinched for time and you know, Father. So I pray that enough has been said that the Holy Spirit will take it and reveal it into hearts. Those who are writing the scriptures down, may they study them. Those who are making tapes or hearing the tapes, may they study it. Not put their own interpretation to it now, but just study the word. Grant it, Father, in Jesus name. Amen. Can you say, "Praise the Lord." Study it. Is that right? Study it. Write the scriptures down. He says, "That's what I want you to do. That's what a believer does. Is that right? They study to show themselves approve a workman that needeth not to be ashamed. And so the word of the Lord has been given to us. This great seven seal mystery. I think in hearing it, we are just making ourselves aware of it consciously, subconsciously. We put on that series. Brother Brandon preached it not to just ministers, not to just pastors, but the entire congregation was there when he preached the seals. And that discipline of study is something that you that's where your teaching comes. Now, this is where is where you get settled now as a believer. Amen. Is through the nuts and bolts of the ministry of the of the message. And brother Vanom says this in the second seal paragraph 223. Don't take Satan's unbelieving mark. Now he'll put it on you tonight if he can do it. He'll poke you up against the wall and you'll walk and say, "Aw, I don't know about that." You go home and study it and then be sincere and pray cuz everything is too perfectly scriptural at this very hour. Amen. This sacred hour of time, it's done been for years proved. Come right up to it. And this is the hour. This is the time. Praise the Lord. Oh my. I think I need your help again, Levi. One more time. I need the white cord that's plugged into the behind my desk. Thanks, son. I think I raised him very well. So he will obey. So God bless you. Let's take questions and answers just for a moment. In 1954 and brother Bam gives the warning about studying too much. And I think there that you know that balance of you know so well I'm not a minister. It's the seven seals. It's too much. It's too deep. It's too much. It's it's so profound and that all those things are true. So they'll ne the belie many believers will never pick it up and just put it on their natural ear. But there's a blessing in the whole tape. There's testimonies. There's hunting stories. There's a leadup tool. And you get something out of every aspect of there. If it isn't just seeing how disciplined the prophet was about bringing his text to the people and him not adding his own interpretation, that's something you'll learn just by listening to him. and watching how he respected the Bible, respected the people. You can get that by listening to the Seven Seal series. Amen. Don't let the devil fool you and keep those messages on the shelf. You go pick those up. You listen to those. The Lord has something for every one of us. Now, we're not all preachers. We're not all teachers. We're not theologians. God never called us to be that. But we can receive something, something more than we had before. Questions and answers. Number one, 1954, the prophet of God says this. Now, I'll admit that people study too much and try to go too far ahead and try to think too hard and sometimes have mental breakdowns and things on account of studying about the Lord. You must quit that. You don't have to do that. The only thing you have to do is fall in love with him. Hallelujah. And just go right on loving him. Amen. It's not trying to push into something or make yourself something you're not. Just go ahead and let God use you in the way he wants to. Just yield yourself, commit yourself, and walk on happy singing, rejoicing. That's the way. Thank you, sir. Amen. So, we just fall in love with him. Is that right? A little power here on my iPad. Okay. How many want to know what I'm doing? All right. Mind your business. Okay. God bless you. Oh my. I'm so glad to be back home. I'm just right at home. All right. So the prophet tells us that you can do that. You can study too much about the Lord and and you're trying to make you're trying to push yourself into something. I remember as a young minister, the brothers were preaching on a certain thing. I come out of California and they would preach on this great revelation and brother Ezekiel, I try to make myself see it and the pressure was for me to preach like how they're preaching, but it wasn't a revelation that the Lord really borne within my heart. I was just saying it because the group I was with was saying it. The phrasiology, the same thing. And I didn't have really any context where it came to me on my knees where I was listening to the tape and it came to me. I was just quoting other brothers and and that's part of it you have to learn. You know, it's like a little kid watching his dad. He's imitating and this and that. But there's a time when the Lord has to reveal that to you. And when he reveals it to you, then it's a revelation and you can just be who you are. And I'm so glad I don't have to be like nobody but what the Lord made me and what he gave me in the word. I am free to say it with all of my heart. And I'm not afraid of any of the quotes. That's beautiful, brother Ben. There is no quote that offends me. Bring it and I'll say amen to it. Amen. And that's the true believer. That's the liberty you have. And so you don't push yourself to try to make you see something. You just, you know, the Lord brings um the truth to you. Now in John, he speaks of this antichrist to come. We see it again over in Thessalonians chapter 3. 2 Thessalonians chapter 2 rather we'll hear the Apostle Paul say this here. Now we beseech you brethren if you have it say amen. Amen. Now you we see you, brethren, by the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, and by our gathering together unto him, that you be not soon shaken in mind, or be troubled. Amen. Neither by spirit, nor by word, nor by letter, ask from us, as that the day of Christ is at hand. Let no man deceive you by any means, for that day shall not come except there come a falling away first and the man of sin be revealed, the son of predition. So we see this falling away to happen. We read the entire chapter of second Peter chapter 2 for you on Wednesday verses 1 all the way through. How many remember that? It's a powerful scripture. Talked about how they once knew the way and then they've turned from the holy commandment. So, we're not talking about street people or worldlyism in that sense. We're talking about people who are supposed to be one of us. We're talking about the wolves in sheep's clothing or wolves in pastor's clothing. Wolves, they hide under the ministry. They think they act like they're one of us, but they really aren't. And the scripture gives us this warning. And what's it trying to do? Take away our faith from the real divine inheritance that God has given to us in this day. This great inheritance, you hear brother Brandon bring it to us as the third pool. It was the highlight of his ministry, the revealing of the seven seals. First pull, second pull, and the third pull. In the seventh seal, he begins to open to us what that seventh seal, what that third pull was. And we'll pick it up in there in paragraph number 278 in the seventh seal. We'll hear what the prophet of God says here. Now remember, he had already preached, "Sir, what time is it?" There was a great blast that took place and he didn't know what the blast meant. He didn't know if it would meant his the end of his ministry or that he would be, you know, he'd be leaving the earth or he didn't know. And the Lord had to reveal to him there was a great revelation the seven seals would be open to the people. And so let's just take this as I see my time waning to share this with you. Amen. Now, now, can I say something here before I get into this? This seventh seal that I'm going to I'm going to read to you just for a moment. There's there's a portion where it ends in the vision of the tent. Look at your neighbor and say tent. vision. You know what's interesting in Liberia? When I ask them to look at their neighbor and say whatever, they'll keep saying and saying and I'm done with the clause and I'll go on and they'll just keep repeating me. I got to stop and it's like, okay, now we're done on the repeating part. So, but you know, that's quite interesting. So this tent vision uh you have to say there was a tent vision because brother Brandham said there was and you know there's raised eyebrows or what you call here he come now what are you going to say now you know the word of the lord shouldn't do that to you you should be embracing any of these subjects is that right I believe so it's the only the devil that puts a scarecrow around a vision or around a truth. But as a believer, you have nothing to be afraid of. In fact, this is your salvation. This is your protection. This is what God gave you. Something to talk about, something to believe for. And he has this great vision. And I'll say this here, you know, uh, as a as a young brother coming up in a ministry, one of the fears that I had surrounded around me was the church age book. And many people had said that it's not brother Brandham's book. It's not the same as the actual series that he preached. And so I took the church age book, by the way, was the book that I came into the message on. It was good enough to bring me in. So, I took that church age book and I put it to the shelf as brother Lee Bell's book because Reverend so and so said there's mistakes said Reverend so and so said it's not valid. Reverend so and so blah blah blah blah blah. So, I put that church age book on the shelf and even still today I have a hard time with certain parts of it because somebody swed the seed of you know that it's not fully valid message material even quoting from it. It's like, "Well, Brother Brandon didn't say that." Well, let me ask you, if I wrote a book, couldn't you quote and say that I said it if I wrote the book? Run it through your mind. If it's my book and I wrote it, I have to own what's in that book. If it is my book, and it might not be a verbatim quotation like that, but I'm quoting myself in the book, whatever it is. Can I get a witness? Amen. And so I I know there's some of you that are on the edge of this and maybe in Phoenix some of the brothers might be on the edge of this because I know it's a it's a a position that people take. But can I read for you what brother Brandham said about the church age book? And then you'd have to say the only reservation that I'm having about the church age book had to come from somebody else because it didn't come from brother Brandham. And if it's okay to have a reservation on the church age book and we have the quotes on it, then it's okay for the brothers to have a reservation on the tent vision. None of us have a message. He said it or he didn't say it. If he said it, then I am not going to give my allegiance to Reverend so and so for what? What do I have? What's the skin off my nose? What am I going to lose? Say what the tape say. Can I read for you here? So why am I doing this? I'm trying to boost your faith in all of the message. All of it. No matter how interpreted, whatever what it means, I can't tell you. But you got to start with saying that every word is true and it belongs to you. You don't picking up the church age book thinking, well, this ain't right and that ain't right. I don't think that was the design of the church age book. I believe brother Bradam sent it and he put his name on it. He issued it out to the people for our betterment. Amen. So, let's take what the prophet said. Enough of me. Let's hear what he says. Or you all want me to close now? I believe I'll close. You want me to close? Keep going. I'll keep going then. God bless you. Somebody said, "Bring it on. Okay, God bless you, saints. I just have to relax myself, so my I do those little things. So, just pray for me. All right. The prophet of God says this. In 1965, February the 17th, a man running from the presence of the Lord. He says, "Then the seven church ages has been f finished." Is that right, brother Vale? and on print now. And I'll know you want to get them because they answer a lot of questions that's been in your hearts. And then after that, we'll we're going to try to get the seven seals open, you know, in the book so that each one can read it read in form that they that they want to can understand and study it. I think when it's rolled out it and brother Adam continues on the anointing was at the end time paragraph 261. I'm watching my time. God bless you. Now Lee, there comes your name on the book. See, you got it fixed out. And that's um not here and now and the hookups is Dr. Lee Vale sitting here. He's grammarizing this book of the seven church ages and the problem will come up or the question about your name taken off the lamb's book of life. See, it's puzzled a lot of ministers. But wait till you get the book. You'll understand it if you just got any light in you. See, that's anointed ones at the end time. This is 1965. Remember, he preached the church ages in the 60s, 5 years prior. So now he's talking about his church age book. He's not talking about the tapes that he had already recorded. We know that's thus said the Lord. We know it's valid. But the enemy wants to make the church age book something secondarily to brother Branna's message and it was brother Brandham's book. It was his idea to have the book and we have it today and so we use it today. Sure. Invisible union of the bride of Christ 1965. last series. But brother Bannon brings in paragraph 205. He says here it brings into view the two books that's going to be mysterious to you when you read the book of the seven church ages. The two books, the book of life, the ones you could put your name on. It never comes off. So he's referring to that book, some of the things that would be mysterious to you. And he explains it in 1965. He continues on. I've heard but now I see. November 27th in that same series that he brought the invisible in union. I've heard but now I see. Trying to do God a service. All those wonderful messages. He says this here in paragraph number 40. I'm glad tonight to have another associate brother with us. Just looked around and recognized then and seen him a few minutes ago. Brother Gordon Lindseay. He's one of the old-timers who was with us a long time ago doing a great job printing. He's printing my book now. The seven church ages. We hope to have it ready again. The seven seals. If he happens to read that before he prints it, we're going to have a theological discussion. I can just feel it coming. Brother Random says, "Amen." And trying to do a God of service without it being his will. 1965, brother Bham says this. You all seen in my book, it'll all be drawn out in the seven church ages which he told me, which I stand by as a witness to God to be judged at the day of judgment for it. It come from God, not from my thinking. Notice here I thought I thought different from that if I was going to have my own thought. Amen. How many can say praise the Lord? So any reservation on the church age book didn't come from brother Brandham. So where did it come from? This is the question I have. Even some of the terminology we use to classify whatever doctrine we're following. If brother Brandham didn't coin the phrase, then why am I wearing it? That's a question I'd like you to internalize and ask that question for yourself. So, I believe this. Does he believe this? And we coined these little phrases that didn't come from brother Brandham didn't do that. Either you believe all the word or you don't. I have no labels that I'm interested in wearing other than being a Christian that believes every word. I had a question come to me here a couple years ago. Said, "Brother Israel, I heard this that you're uh you believe the return." And I was playing with them. I says, "What do you mean by return? I need more information than that." Are you talking about the visions? Oh, let's talk about them. Because I believe every one of them. Amen. You can label whatever group. I don't know where some of these labels come from and I don't have a problem with them. Please understand. I don't have a problem with them. But ask yourself, where did it come from? If it didn't come from the message, ask yourself, where did it come from? You're holding so dear to it, too. Ready to fight? Look at some of the folks that claim to believe every word. Some of them believe the vision of the tent. They believe that. They said they believed it and some of those very ones are saying it's being fulfilled now in Jeffersonville. Yes. And then some of them are saying that it's spiritual. It's to come. It can't be literal. It's spiritual. It's taking place at the bride now. Where all these where's all this coming from? Amen. And I've come up with and make a statement like that. You better ask me, brother Israel, where is the quotation? Take title and paragraph, please. And if the prophet didn't bring it, ask yourself the question, who is teaching us this? Amen. So, I stay with the word. And that's our that's our commitment to stay with the word, not emotional groups, not people we're tied to, not people we like. We stay with the word. Yes. And the teaching of the Holy Spirit will teach us to do that. It's a tremendous discipline as a Christian not to add or take away from the scripture. And because many have done that, that's why we have all the different groups that we have today because they violated that principle of not adding or not taking away from. Can we just say amen to what he said? Amen. Can we? Amen, somebody. Yes. Okay. God bless you. So, let's look at this third pull just for a moment as I close with it. As the prophet is bringing the seventh seal understanding, the seventh seal of revelation to us in the series, the revelation of the seven seals, the prophet of God says this here. Okay, where do I start? So, he's bringing all the six seals. He brought questions and answers on the seals. And then now he's bringing the the seventh seal. And he says this in paragraph 258. I'll just have to re hit a few highlights and I trust it'll be a blessing to you. If you want something to happen, you'll have to take my word for this. If I'm planning on doing something, I know better than to tell anybody about it. Not that the person would tell it, but Satan will hear it. Amen. He can't get it in my heart there as long as God has got it closed up with the Holy Spirit. So that's between me and God. See, he don't know nothing about it until you speak it. Then he hears it. And I tell people, I'll do a certain thing and watch the devil cut off every will he can to get there. See, to beat me to it. But if you can get the if I can get the revelation from God and just don't say nothing about it, then it's different. Remember, Satan will try to impersonate. That's the point I want to bring. He will try to impersonate. He'll try to impersonate everything that the church will do. He's tried to do it. We notice it through the Antichrist. Here's that word again. Hm. But this is one thing he cannot impersonate. There will there will be no mimics to this. See, cuz he can't. He don't know it. There's no way for him to know it. It's what? The third pull. Say it with conviction. It's the third pull. He just knows nothing about. But Reverend so and so said he knows. Pastor so and so said he knows. The prophet said he don't know. It's the third pool. He just knows nothing about it. See, he doesn't understand it. Now, to be real clear and open and honest with you, I'm just reading out of the seven seal message that he's bringing to us what this third pull is. He makes comments before that. He makes comments after that. But I'm just going to bring this little section that he's bringing as he's bringing the revelation of the seventh seal to us. All right. Amen. So, Brother Man continues on. He's giving the the background and how that great blast took place. He didn't know what was taking place. Paragraph 278. How many's ever been to Sabino Canyon? Here, the prophet says this. One morning I got up and went up in Sabino Canyon, those great rugged high mountains. And I went up there. There's a little foot trail after you lead off and go up into Lemon Mountain, which is 30 mile walk near about 30 foot of snow up there. So up in the mountain real early before day going up through this little foot trail, rolling rocks along, I felt led to turn this way. I turned and went up into some great jagged rocks. Oh my, hundreds of feet high. I knelt down between those rocks. I laid down this Bible and laid down this this little tablet and I said, "Lord God, what does this vision mean?" I I said, "Lord, it does it mean my dying? Does it mean my dying?" And you remember I told you I thought it might mean my death because something exploded till it just shook me to pieces. You remember it? How many knows it have heard it? Congregation says, "Amen." Why, sure. See all of you. And I thought it could mean my death. And then in the room, what was it, Lord? What does it mean? Does it mean I'm going to die? If it is, all right. I won't tell my family. Just let me go on. See, if my work is finished now, what was it? But he sent a witness back. You remember me telling you that it wasn't that? It was the furtherment of my work. You get it? And sitting up in Sabino Canyon, the heavenly father knows this. Just as true as you see that come to pass. Those angels come right down and vindicated every message to be the same. Then you know whether it comes from God or not. It was fortold you by a vision. I couldn't tell you until the services over cuz I was forbidden to. What a discipline. What a discipline in Sabino Canyon. Sitting up there that morning, I had my hands up and my the wind had blowed my old black hat down. When I was standing there with my hands up praying, I said, "Lord God, what does this mean? I can't understand it. Lord, what am I to do? If it's my going home time, let me go up here is where they'll never find me. I don't want nobody mourning around. If I'm going, I wanted just the family to think I just took a walk and they won't find me. Hide me away somewhere. If I'm going to go away, let me go. Maybe Joseph will find my Bible laying here someday and let him use it. See, if I'm going away, let me go, Lord. And I have my hands out and all at once something hit my hand. I don't know. I can't say. Did I go to sleep? I don't know. Did I go into a trance? I don't know. Was it a vision? I can't tell you. Only thing I can say is just the same thing like them angels was. It struck my hand and I looked and it was a sword and it had a pearl handles, real pretty, had a guard over it with gold and the blade looked like something like chrome like silver only was real shiny and it was so feathered sharp. Oh my. I thought, isn't that the prettiest thing just fit my hand? I thought that's awful pretty. But I said, "Hey, I'm always afraid of them things." A sword. I thought, "What will I do with that?" Just then a voice shook down through there that rocked the rock said, "It's the sword of the king." Then I come out of it. The sword of the king. Now if it is said a sword of a king, but it said the sword of the king. And there is only one the king, that's God. And he's one. He has one sword. That's his word. What I live by. That's so help me. God standing over his holy desk here with this holy word laying here. It's the word. Amen. Oh, what a day we're living in. What a great thing. See the mystery and the secret. The third standing there. When this left me, something just come to me and said, "Don't fear." Now, I didn't hear no voice like on the inside of me spoke. I have to just tell you the truth just exactly what happened. Something hit and said, "Don't fear. This is that third pull." Third pull. You remember it? Congregation says, "You've had so many impersonators on this what you tried to explain, but says don't even try this." You remember? You remember it? How many remembers that vision? Amen. Why? It's all over. It's taped everywhere. That's been about six years ago. 7 years ago. Been seven years ago. Don't try to explain that. This is the third pool. But I'll meet you in there. So he takes us back to seven years. That's 1956. What did he say in the in 1956? It was a tent vision. Yes. Now, if you're reading the message and you're studying that, you you can follow what the Holy Spirit is leading him to. He said was six years. He says seven years ago. So, he's pointing you on the tape to go back to that 10 vision. So, why are we afraid of it? Who's mad about it? Who's inflamed about it? The true believer loves the word of the Lord. And nothing to be ashamed about, nothing to hide about. He said it. this on the tape. I'm a believer. I'll say amen to it. Praise the Lord. Amen. He points him back seven years. Remember, you know, in 1956 when he gives that 10 vision, he wasn't even in a brand tabernacle. Huh? No, he was on the field. It was in the tape tabernacle. It was recorded on the tape. Aren't you glad about it? So, I can go pick up that tape and I don't have to ask permission from no one. Amen. He said it in the seventh seal, I can go pick it up and unreservably with all the amens in my spirit. I can say amen to all of it. Praise the Lord. The devil wants you to be ashamed of that. Wants you to back away from it, to stop quoting it. But no, no, no, no, no. This is my inheritance. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. So that was the third pool. Can I close now? Somebody say yes or no. Normally they want me to get out of the pull pit. Huh? Can I go a little further? Can I close? They won't let me close. I bless you, brother Kurt. I just I feel so good preaching this word. All right. Now, Brother Bannon brings this third pull and the rest of it. You in your interest should be highlighted to go pick up that message. You you the hearer should go hear it for yourself. Right. I'm highlighting the church age book so you can go read it again. You think it'll help you? Do you think it's a blessing? Was it Brother Brandham's book? Then tell me it wasn't and then quote to me how you got that information that it wasn't his book. Please, it's got to come out of this message. There's a growing sentiment that the tent vision is spiritual and the brothers are going around preaching that and saying that. I'm just asking for the quotation, tape, title, and paragraph, please, where the prophet explained the tent vision that way. He didn't do it here. He didn't do it anywhere on the tapes. So, if I'm going to listen to that, then I'd have to say it didn't come from the prophet. Where did it come from? Amen. Teaching settles you, saints. teaching positions you. This is God's word. It's not mine. I'm not going to win or lose by whether I was right. I I knew it all along. We're not going to get on the other side. Yeah, I knew they was wrong all along. I'm trying to get right before the Lord right now. Who cares who's right or wrong? Oh, I saw it before you did. And what? You want a cookie? You want a biscuit? or I saw it before. I saw it before they saw it. Like what? No man can see anything if God don't show him. But if God does show you, you are blessed and you can give God the praise and say it with conviction because it's in the Bible. It's in the tape. God bless you. God richly bless you. It's our third pull. It's our inheritance. Let me read one more quote. Musicians come, please. Thank you. And I'll close right here. So he tells us Satan will try to impersonate. He will. Amen. Amen. In the vision, he says this here. Tells us, don't try to explain it. He refers us back to 1956, 7 years prior. He said he didn't know there was even connected. His mind never even thought like that. He's opening these seals. The cloud ring appears. He gets the permission to pre to preach the seven seals. He's forbidden to tell everybody what's going on until after the seals have been broken and open. And now he's opening to us what the third pool is connected to these great seals and opening up. And he refers us back to a vision seven years prior which happens to be the tent vision which happens to be a great conflict today amongst uh message believers. But for us, it's not a conflict. Can I get a witness? How many you with me? How many know where I'm coming from? At least you know where I'm coming from. It's no conflict with the tent vision. He said it. Now, what does it mean? How's it going to play out? I can't tell you. Soon as I get the quote, I'll preach it. Paragraph 298, he says this here. A voice come and said, he's trying to explain. He says, "You can't teach Pentecostal babies supernatural things." Said, "Now let them alone." So, how many want to be taught by the Lord, but you don't want to be a baby, a Pentecostal baby. You want to be able to be taught by the Holy Spirit these supernatural things that come by the Holy Spirit and he and he alone alone brings it to you. So if the third pool that many are saying they have the revelation they explained this way the tent means this and this means that and they have the third pool where's their second pool? Where's the first pull? You got the third pull. If you got the third, you have to have number two, right? And if you got to pick up brother Brandham to express pull number two, then don't put him down when you're expressing pull number three. You need the prophet for pull one. You need the prophet for pull two. Don't put him down when you're trying to explain pull number three. You got to stay with that prophet. It was his pulls. I'm glad about it. I'm not I'm happy. God bless you so much. I'm so happy to be a Christian. Bless his wonderful name. God bless you so much. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Thank you. God bless you. Amen. Let us pray. Thank you. God bless you. Lord Jesus, we ask your blessings upon us today, Lord. The word of the Lord. And Father, we have nothing except what you give to us. And as we walk in this truth, let us walk humbly and faithfully. Lord, we know we have to say things to take a stand for what is right. I hear things on the field. I hear thing amongst the pastors. I go and I travel. I see these things being said, Lord. And Lord, I want to be faithful to what you said. And so you place it upon my heart and I bring it to the people here. I trust, Lord, that my attitude isn't wrong. I trust that it's right. I trust that we're leading and pointing the people to your word. And that's the responsibility of every Christian, not just the pastor. Every Christian is responsible to lead the people to you, to your word. And I pray ask your blessings now upon each one. Bless the saints there in Mesa this morning that's gathered. May the Holy Spirit encourage them and strengthen them. Bless every believer here today. May they be encouraged and strengthened. Oh God, we love you. We ask these blessings in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Singing. [Music] Oh. Oh. Can't turn around. I can't turn around. Far by faith. Yes. We have come far by faith. leaning, leaning on the Lord. And I'm trusting in his holy word. He never failed me. He never failed. singing. Oh, oh, round. No, we come this far by faith. One more time. Yes, we have come this far by faith. Leaning on. Let's all stand to our feets. And I'm trusting holy word. He never failed me yet. Yeah. Singing. Oh. Oh. Can't turn around. No. We come this far by singing. Oh. Singing. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Can't turn around. No, we come. I'll trust in the Lord. Oh, I will trust in the Lord. I will trust in the Lord. I will trust. Yes, I will. I can't trust no one else until I die. Until I die, I will trust in my Lord. I will trust in the Lord. I will trust in the Lord until I die. I'll stay on the battlefield and I'm going to stay on the [Music] battlefield. Stay on the battlefield. I'm going to stay on the battlefield until I die for the rest of my life. I'm going to by your grace, Lord, I'll stay on the battlefield. Stay on the battlefield. I'm going to stay on the battlefield until I shake somebody's hand and tell them that one more time. I'll stay on. I'm going to stay on. Encourage them. Tell them stay on the battlefield, my brother, my sister. God bless you. Stay on the battlefield. Want to stay on the battlefield until I die until I die. I'm going to stay on for the rest of my life. For the rest of my life, I made up my mind. I'm going to stay on the battlefield until I die. One more time. I'll trust in the Lord. I'll trust in his word. I will trust in the Lord. I'll trust him for my family, for my healing. I'll trust him for every promise. I'll trust him for the Holy Ghost. I'll trust him. I'll trust him. I'll trust his word. I'll trust him. I'll trust in the Lord. I will trust in the Lord. I will trust in the Lord till I die. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise and thank him. Amen. Let us pray. We'll close in prayer. Heavenly Father, thank you for your word this morning. Hallelujah. Lord, your heart our hearts to be blessed with the truth of God to show us our inheritance. Those four or five sisters in numbers, Lord, that needed an inheritance for them. Hallelujah. There was no provision for them, but they sought the prophet. And the prophet sought you, Lord, and you told them that they were right. and you made a provision for them. What was it? They had a desire for that inheritance to be fulfilled in their life. And this inheritance of the seventh seal has been given to us, Lord. It belongs to us. It does not belong to the makeeliever or the unbeliever. It does not belong to the world. It belongs to the true believer. And it was given to us so that we can repeat it in the morning and the evening. We can repeat it on Sundays. We can repeat it in our homes when we rise up, when we lay down. We can repeat it when we're discouraged and know that there's a promise for us. We can repeat it all the days of our life. And we thank you, Lord. You've given it to us. We ask that you'll bless us now as we go. bring us back at that appointed time. We pray. May each one, Lord, leave here. It's bless their hearts and speak to them. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. You're dismissed. We'll trust. God bless you. God be with you till I die. I'm going to treat everybody right. I'm going to treat everybody right. I'm going to treat every until I die. [Music] Oh, I'm going to treat every everybody [Music] right. I'm going to treat everybody right. I will treat every Hallelujah. Yeah. Until I die. Stay on the battlefield. I'm going to stay on the battlefield, Lord. I'll stay on. Hallelujah. I want to stay on the battlefield until I die. Oh, I'm going to stay on the battlefield. I'm going to stay on the [Music] battlefield. I'm going to stay on the battlefield till I die. Trust in the Lord. I will trust in the Lord. Trust in the Lord. Want to trust in the Lord. Every day, every hour, I will trust in the Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus in the Lord. I will trust trust in the Lord till I die. [Music] Heat. Hey, Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Everybody. body right. I'm going to treat everybody right. I am going to treat everybody right until I [Music] die. I am going to treat everybody right. I'm going
