################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-27 - Wednesday Evening 03-26-25 - William M. Branham.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-27
Title:   Wednesday Evening 03-26-25
Speaker: William M. Branham
Church:  Shalom Tabernacle Tucson
Type:    Tape Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LJ3uUYNp520
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God in [Music] heaven. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] You sent your word and healed my disease. You are the God, my savior. Oh, I am the God that healeth thee. I am the Lord, your healer. I sent my word and he'll thy disease. Peace. I am the Lord, your [Music] healer. You are the God that heal me. You are the Lord, my healer. You've sent your word and healed my disease. You are Let's sing that one more time as we all stand. Oh, I am the God that healeth thee. I am the Lord your healer. I sent my word and healed your disease. I am the Lord your healer. Amen. We'd like to welcome you all to the house of the Lord tonight. Are you happy to be here? Amen. Brother Chuck, would you come forward and open the service? [Music] Mercious Lord and Savior, we approach you tonight, Lord, with thankful hearts. Lord, thankful above all things that you gave everything for us, Lord God. Even though we're entirely unworthy, Lord, you just loved us so much that you gave your very life, Lord Jesus. You suffered. You You gave, Lord, took those stripes across your back for our healing, Lord Jesus. And we have so many things to be thankful for, Lord. We just appreciate you so much and love you and thank you for this time together, Lord, that we can come and worship you. And Lord, we just ask that you'd inhabit the praises of your people tonight, Lord God, as your word says, and Lord, that each each word that's spoken, Father, each song that's sung, Lord, may it be done for your honor and glory. May you be lifted up, praised, honored, Lord, just bless your children who have gathered together in your name, Lord. May we each receive our portion, Lord. You know, we have need of before we even ask it, Father. and we ask you meet needs tonight, Lord, that you'd quicken the word of God to our hearts as it comes forth. Just give us strength spiritually, Lord, naturally. Just bless us with your presence. We pray and love you so much and ask these blessings in your name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's go to the key of G and sing that song. Uh sing that song uh create in me a clean heart. Oh, create in me a clean heart of heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. [Music] Oh, create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. [Music] Oh, cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord, and take not thy holy spirit from me. Restore unto me the joy of thy [Music] salvation and renew a right spirit within me. Let's sing that one more time. Oh, create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. Oh, create in me a clean [Music] heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. [Music] Oh, cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord, and take not thy holy spirit from me. Glor restore unto me all the joy of thy salvation and renew a right spirit within me. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Oh, thou art worthy. Thou art worthy. [Music] How art worthy, oh Lord, to receive gloryy, gloryy and honor, gloryy and honor and power. For thou hast [Music] created, hast all things created. Thou hast created all things. And for thy pleasure they are [Music] created. Thou art worthy, oh Lord. singing, "Thou art worthy." Oh, thou art worthy. [Music] How art worthy, oh [Music] Lord, to receive glory. Glory and honor. Oh, gloryy and honor and power. Oh, for thou hast created, hast all things [Music] created. Thou hast [Music] created all things in his and for thy pleasure. They are [Music] created. How hard worthy, oh Lord. Amen, Sister Sharon. [Music] Life is moving faster. What tomorrow brings us isn't anymore. Many path to choose don't know which way to run. Every road leads to nowhere. Every road except for one. Praise the [Music] Lord. I call to him. He's always there. He comforts me on every level. Takes the burdens that I bear. Praise the Lord. He never changes. He's never the way. And he [Music] tomorrow he was and Friends and faces come and go like [Music] ashesitudes [Music] arise upon So [Music] you get to the one is going to show the way. Praise the Lord. He never changes. I call to him. He's always there. He comforts me on every level. Takes the burdens that I bear. Praise the Lord. He never changes. He's never winning. other way. And he'll be the same tomorrow as he was and is today. [Music] [Applause] All right. Amen. Thank you, Sister Sharon. Let's sing that song. I thank God for the lighthouse. As brother Dan and Sister Rebecca Nichols prepare to come. Oh, I thank God for the lighthouse. I owe my life to him. Oh Jesus is the lighthouse and from the rocks of sin he has shone a light around me that I might clearly see. If it wasn't for the lighthouse, tell me where would this Let's sing that one more time. Oh, I thank God for the lighthouse. I owe my life to him. Oh Jesus is the lighthouse and from the rocks of sin he has shown a light around me that I might clearly see. If it wasn't for the lighthouse, tell me where would this ship be? Amen. It's on. Switch them. You good? Okay. Lord bless y'all. be instant in season and out of season as the Bible says. Was not expecting to sing a special tonight but if the Lord wants to be then I don't want to be stand hindering. Amen. Amen. Key D [Music] Life is [Music] easy when you're up on the [Music] mountain and you've got peace of mind like you've never [Music] known. But then things change and you're down in the valley. Don't lose faith. For you're never alone. For the God on the mountain is still God in the valley. When things go wrong, he'll make them right. And the God of the good times is the God in the times. The God of the day is still God in the night. You talk of faith [Music] when you're up on the [Music] mountains, but talk comes so easy when life's at its best. But it's down in the valley of trials and [Music] temptations. Well, that's when faith is really put to the test. For the God on the mountain, he's still God in the valley. [Music] When things go wrong, he'll make them right. And the God of the good times, he's still God in the bad times. The God of the day, [Music] he's still God in the night. The God of the day, he's still God in the night. Amen. Thank you, brother and sister Nichols. Let's all stand and sing that song. He brought me out flat. Oh my heart was distressed neath Jehovah's red brown and low in the pit where my sins rack me down. I cried to the Lord from the deep my reclaim who tenderly brought me out to golden day. Oh, he brought me out of the myy clay. He set my feet on the rock to stay. He puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. And he placed me upon the strong rock by his side. My steps were stand and here I'll abide. No danger of falling. While here I remain, but stand by his grace until the ground I gain. Oh, he brought me out of the m clay. He set my feet on a rock to stay. He puts a song. So today, a song of praise. Hallelujah. Oh, he gave me a song. Was a new song of praise. By day and by night, it sweet nose I will raise. My heart's overflowing. I'm happy and free. I'll praise my redeemer who has rescued me. Oh, he brought me out of the maryy clay. He on a rock to stay. He puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. And I'll sing of his wonderful mercy to me. I'll praise him till all and his goodness shall see. I'll sing of salvation at home and abroad. Till many shall hear the truth and trust in God. Oh, he brought me out of [Music] the on the rock to stay. What a song and my soul to today. A song of praise. Did he bring you out? Let's sing it one more time. Oh, he brought me out my reclaim. He beat on the rock to stay. He what a song in my soul to sing. Song of praise. Hallelujah. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Amen. Amen. God bless you. God bless you. Welcome to the house of the Lord this evening. So good to be in the house of glory with you. Can somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Hey, look at somebody. Look at your neighbor and say, "God bless you, my brother, my sister." Just greet them in the name of the Lord. Testify to them. Tell them, "The Lord's been good to me." Amen. God bless each of you. We welcome you to the house of the Lord. I appreciate that song special, the song specials and the nickels that are here with us for the first time. Welcome to the house of the Lord. I believe they're good friends with Sister McGinty. Amen. Sister McGinty's, if you're a friend of hers, you're a friend of ours. Amen. I don't see her here tonight. Is she here? She's not here. Okay. Well, we certainly greet each of you. And our our brother Jonathan there. Good to see him once again. Uh what a pleasant surprise. Amen. And so each of you tonight we're going to hear the word of the Lord. The prophet's going to speak to us the message um speak to this rock. The scripture is in numbers chapter 20 that he'll be taking his text from. So as we prepare to go there, let's sing that old hymn of the church. Only believe. Only believe. Only believe. Only believe all things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Oh, let's lift our hands and make a confession. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Lord. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Possible Lord. I believe you, Lord. Lord, I believe your word. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe we'll go to through paragraph 102. If you got that in the back, paragraph 102. God bless you, brother. [Applause] God bless you. You be seated. I am sorry that we don't have a another couple of weeks of this. I want to say that this has been one of the finest revivals or meetings that I have ever had. It it ranks a red letter to me. This meeting, I've never had a time in my life that I ever had any more liberty and felt any more freer just to preach the very conviction of my heart than what I have in this meeting. And it's been a wonderful time. We had a wonderful time at the businessman's fellowship and also a wonderful time down at brother Sullivan's church this morning and we've met so many fine people and we sure appreciate all this and we want to say to if there happens to be some of the the people that's present and if not you who tend to as such we want to thank the people that let us have this grounds this shitakqua. We appreciate that, my friends. And may it long stand for a purpose to serve the Lord. We appreciate it with all of our hearts. I want to thank brother Sullivan, all the cooperating pastors, all you dear people for all that you have done for me, for the love offering and all that you they said they take up one a while ago. Brother Duplic has just told me and I greet you all and thank you for myself, my wife, my son, Brother David Duplicus, Brother Sullivan, Jean Leo, all the whole staff. We certainly thank you very much. We includedly invite you that if any time that you have any troubles or anything that we could help you while the night never gets too dark and the rain never falls too hard, you could call us. I used to say I could come to you, but there's so many now. I couldn't do it because it runs into well, I guess millions, not only just like here, but around the whole world, you see, and it makes it too hard. I I can't say that. I'd love to do it, but I can't say it with all my heart because I wouldn't be able to do it. But if you have a prayer request, just mail it to me anytime. Just William Brandom, Jeffersonville, Indiana. You want Post Office 325. But you don't have to have that. It'll come anyhow. And we'll be glad to minister to you, send you prayer claws, any help, anything that we can. Absolutely free. Nothing. There's no charges to nothing. We got books. They sell them. And they belong to someone else. Brother Lindsay owns one of them and Brother Julius Statscliffe owns the other. And we buy them at 40 cents less on the books than we have to pay for bringing them, pay for selling them, stay the loss. And you see what we are. It's always in the red. The books are every time we take an inventory on that, we're always behind because I've told the boys and all if they find any person that wants a book and they haven't got the money to pay for it, take it anyhow. Take the book anyhow. And I seen the first night when we started on books, a little old mother standing back there with fumbling in a pocketbook trying to get out 60 cents. She didn't have but 40. I watched the lady that was selling the books. Said, "Well, they are 60 cents." I walked right around and got her two or three and give them to her. See, so I No, what was that? My mother. And another thing, the books are not for commercial. They're to try to help somebody. The boy sells the tapes down there. And here some time ago, I checked up on the boys. Jean and Leo, Jean's my tape boy. Leo is my field secretary. And they have records and tapes. And I checked those boys myself to see what price they're selling those tapes for cuz I bought a tape from a an evangelist. It cost me around $6. Then they're getting $2 and something for them. So I seen what they paid for them and they're just a barely a little margins all they make. And they get I told them get the best tape they could get and they use it on scotch tape. They have those tapes any message or anything. And now sometimes I want to make this clear now. Every man has his own idea. We have your own doctrine. When I'm out here in this interdenominational I try to hold it to the great fundamental evangelical doctrines because of other ministering brothers. And I want the ministering brothers to know this. Sometimes in my own church I preach my own convictions about things in there. There's many people takes the tapes and sometimes they get out. Now I would not want to push anything that I believed over on anybody. Just little something that I had in my own mind and thought it was this way. And if I didn't teach it the way I thought it, I'd be a hypocrite. So I just leave that part alone. Go preach what I know that the rest of them agrees with. You see? And go on. Well, now if you happen to get a hold of some of your members, brother, get a hold of a tape that come from my church up on something that you might not agree with me. Please don't fall out with me about it. I'm your brother. I I love you and I I don't mean for them to get out, but you can't help it when these 20 or 30 taking tapes and everything, it seems. And so, we try to curb it the very best we can. The church tuck it up on themselves, the foundation to to uh try to hold the boys alone when they're taking tapes on my meetings. And so uh I'm here to cooperate to make it one big body of Jesus Christ. That's all. And after all the great fundamental part of it is repentance and baptism and faith towards God, salvation, divine healing. I think all of us can agree upon that. See upon those things. Now the approach to it sometime I might have a little different angle but I think like this one time I was at my work at Jeffersonville. I was working for the public service company and there was a a Mr. Bohannan the superintendent was a pastmaster mason I was a Baptist preacher Reverend Arie Kle from the Maple Street Methodist Church come in and then in come Father Halp and the Catholic priest. Well, can I quote what he said? All right. He said we should start a crap game. We're all here. Catholic priest said that. And so then he done something old that that started something rolling in my heart. He said on there, he draw three lines. He said, "Here's the Pennsylvania going down, Billy." That was me. He said, "Well, go down on that line. And here's another one, the southern." Said, "Mr. Clag here. I'll go down on that line. Here's another one over here." Said, "Yes, stay on your line if as long as you're pointing towards heaven." I thought that was pretty good for our priest. And he said, "Stay on your line." And that's right. As long as you're converted and believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, just keep moving on with all your heart and he'll lead you in the light. I believe that with all that's been so nice, the ladies with the music, the special singing, everything's been so fine. Then I guess they can't hear me, but the police that's been helping us out there getting in and out, parking the cars, they certainly done a wonderful job. Fine job. Everybody has been real fine. And we sure appreciate it. And it's our hopes and our prayers and our desires that we have did something or said something or you've seen God do something by us that'll strengthen your faith and it'll make you love Jesus more and you're sick that you'll get healed because that's our our simple heart sincere desire is that's what we're here for. And if we've achieved that by our coming, we're thanking God with all that's in our hearts. And now, if you're ever down around Jeffersonville there, while the little tabernacles at 8 and Penn Street, once in a while I'm in have services there or anywhere out in the meetings, let's meet together again and shake hands. And I hope to be here again next year, the Lord willing. Thank you. Thank you. Now, how many of you will pray for me while I'm out in the fields? That that's the main thing. God bless you. That's fine. You promise your prayers and that's that is my strength where I draw it from God is by the Holy Spirit. There's so many things I could say. Many of my friends from Jeffersonville this is here and from different parts. The Downings are here from down in Tennessee. I've never seen them but waved at him. Brother Welch Evan wife and family sure somewhere. I couldn't find them now. Brother Banks Wood, his father and mother and brother and all are converted Jehovah witnesses and they're here in the the meeting. And um Oh, I hear that brother Hickerson received the Holy Ghost last night. Oh, praise be to God. Him and his wife, Brother Collins, the Methodist preacher, his he his wife and his brother and and uh his wife all received the Holy Ghost. And oh, I tell you, things are just rolling on wonderfully. And we thank you, dear people, who was in the prayer rooms to help pray with these people. It means a lot to my church to be strengthened like that. Somebody told me that brother Wood and them had received the Holy Ghost also which was seeking for the baptism. I'm so thankful for that. May the Lord bless those brothers. I know there'll be a new something in their life. It'll be real. Amen. Now, we're going to pray for the sick. We don't want to keep you too long. We want you to go back to your church tonight. If you're visiting, uh, visit some of the churches. Brother David Dupl has just reported and said they had such a wonderful time at the place where they were at this morning. I run over to brother Sullivan's and we had a wonderful time over there with his congregation. This little brother here, Brother Pat Tyler, another one of my brothers and associate. Yeah. Brother Anthony from New York. A little um, are you Greek brother? All right. Italian. little Italian church in New York all around so many everywhere. I just couldn't call their names, but I I trust that God will richly bless you. Now, everyone that's here that isn't healed, let this be the hour. Let this be the time. Now, last night, there was a group of wheelchairs along here, and I was so much under the discernment. I I couldn't hardly see the congregation no more and almost fell off the steps out there going out. I kept feeling Billy or somebody hit me in the sides to leave. But I there was a a little um colored baby that I was very interested in right here. It's here. I'd saw what had happened to the baby, a mistake of a doctor that did the the damage from a shop. But um uh I believe that that child's going to be all right. That's right. And I I was so far out to I couldn't hardly call no more. If people will never know until I meet you over in that lamb what that does to me. You It's just hard brother and sister. You don't under just think Jesus of Nazareth. One woman touched his garment. He said that made him weak. Virtue went out of him. Is that right? And that was the son of God. How about me? A sinner saved by grace. And stand here and see it time after time after time. The only way that is because he promised the works that I do shall you also more than this shall you do for I go unto my father. I know it says greater but the writing translation from it is more more than this shall you do for I go to my father. Now before we read the father's word let us bow our heads for prayer. Our gracious and loving honorable and father, we come to thee just as humble as children could come. And we were giving our brethren and our friends thanks for all that they have did for us in this meeting. Now every one of us together with our heads and hearts bowed, we are thanking you, our loving father, for your goodness. For it was through you that all this has been accomplished. The afflicted has been healed. The sick has been healed. Sinners have come to you to be saved. And those who are saved has come and been filled with your spirit. Thou has not left one thing undone that we have preached. You have confirmed every word with signs following. We thank thee for it, Father. And we know that it's your will to heal everybody and to save everybody and to fill everyone with the Holy Spirit. And we pray, Father, if there's any year that's left out, may they realize at this hour that it is not your will that they be left out of anything that they have need of because you are here and willing and wanting and longing to give them the desire of their heart. For they are your children to whom you gave your life for, and you are ready and willing to help them. Bless the words that we read. And while we are speaking, let the blessed Holy Spirit take those words out across this audience and sank them down into every heart as they have need of. And when we are finished with the service this afternoon, or rather when you are finished with the service this afternoon, and we return to our homes at different places and different towns and cities and states and even different nations, may we say like those who came from Emmas that first Easter morning, did not our hearts burn within us as he talked to us along the way and we'll always give thee the praise, Father, for we ask it in the name of thy loving son, the Lord Jesus. Amen. Neither is there any water to drink. And Moses and Aaron went from the presence of the assembly unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation. And they fell upon their faces, and the glory of the Lord appeared unto them. And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying, Take the rod, gather thou the assembly together, thou and Aaron thy brother, and speak ye unto the rock, before their eyes, and it shall give forth his water, and thou shalt bring forth water out of the rock. So thou shalt give the congregation and their beast drink. May the Lord bless the words of his Bible. It must have been a an awful hot morning. They had had no sleep through the night. They had gathered at a little oasis. All night long the cattle balled and the the horses knickered and the children cried and the people murmured no water to drink. And they were out in a desert alone. And they'd searched through all the springs around the place and all the springs that went dry and there was no water. Their sin had brought them into this condition. They had forgotten all that God had did to them and did for them and have went off to murmur against God and his prophet. And it had brought them out into this wilderness where it was a desert. No water, nothing for their children. No food to eat, no water to drink. It's a horrible thing when people sin. A very striking type of today in the world. Then we find also that they had easily forgotten that the God that had promised them to take them to the land had been the God that s gave all those signs and wonders and miracles. If we could stop, wish we could, but we can't pause on that for a few minutes. God makes a promise. Then he confirms that he's going to fulfill that promise by keeping all of his words and showing himself present. How beautiful that God is doing the same thing right here at this shitqua. But you see our we are on our road to the promised land. God promised to supply all their needs from Egypt to the promised land. God promised to supply all our needs until we reach reach the promised land. And there would not be any sickness among us if we'd kept God's promises. But we have sinned. What is sin? Disbelieved. Unbelief is the only sin there is. Drinking, smoking, gambling, committing adultery. That is not sin. That's the attributes of of unbelief. See, righteousness is the attributes of salvation. But people can quit smoking, drinking, and everything and still not be saved. So sin is a mark that the pe person that does it is not a believer. The Bible said, "He that believeth not is condemned already." So before you, if you never lied, stole, or done anything in your life, you're still a sinner to begin with. you're you don't have a chance outside of Christ. He is the way. And these people had got all together away from God and he had cut off their water supply and their food supply. And that's very similar of today that God has cut off the great blessings from the church that he promised the church that he would be with them. Listen, you be with us, even in us to the end of the way. The works that I do shall you do also. I'll never leave thee, nor forsake thee. I'll be with thee always, even unto the consummation all the way. Now, why isn't he in the church today that people talk? Where is that God of history, that God that rose up? He's only waiting for his people to come back to him and get right. Then you'll see the God of history come in when the people gets right. How easy they had forgotten that when the plagues was in Egypt that they were protected. When there was flies all over everything, there wasn't a fly around them. when lice filled all the beds, all the clothing and everything. There wasn't one uh bit of it on them. Frogs was in the cupboards and everything else all over the rest of the unbelievers. But they had been protected. God showing his mercy. Notice, and when that final and great night came, God said, "This is my final blow at Egypt. But before I can strike this blow, I've got to bring my children to protection." And there was a sacrificial lamb killed and the blood was put on the post the linels of the door and the congregation went under the blood. Remember that was the last plague that struck Egypt. And the last plague that striking the church today is the same as that was a spiritual death. Because as God led them literally, he leads us spiritually. And the last blow at the the enemy is death is striking and all from under the blood is dysfellowshipped by the Holy Spirit. Now therefore, we have a spiritual death in the churches. That's the last sign before the hour of deliverance is a sp a spiritual death. Did not Jesus say the same thing? They'd be heady, high-minded, lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God, truce breakers, false accusers, incontinent, despisers of those that are good, having a form of godliness, but would deny the power thereof from such turn away, the hour that we are now living, when the church world has become plagued and dying a spiritual death, But God protected them. And they had forgotten it. How quickly our Pentecostal believers are forgetting that too. That you were saved by his grace and filled with his spirit. This great tremendous dying time to the church. Don't forget that. that the God that gave you the Holy Spirit to live by and to make this journey is with you every step of the way. We just so quickly forget it. It's too bad. Now, how that God brought them out, how that in that great night he passed over them, the great Passover, and how he had done these great things for them. how then how they had be to grumble after they got out. They got out to the to the Dead Sea. God opened up a way when there was no other way. God became their way. That's the way I found it in my life. When I get to a place where there is no way, then Jesus makes a way where there is no way to be made. I am the way. I am the truth and the life. Now we find that God made a way when there was no way and delivered them. Now I hope you got on your spiritual jackets. Listen. And the uncircumcised meaning without the Holy Ghost. The uncircumcised. How many knows that the Holy Spirit is circumcision? You ever read your Bible? You circum Steven said in my message this morning told them priests and them you uncircumcised in the heart and ears you always resist the Holy Ghost like your fathers did. The Holy Ghost circumcises the heart. And now in the journey God promised to take care of them and he did take care of them and he never failed. And then when the unbelievers tried to impersonate them, they was drowned. And you've seen yourself people come in and try to impersonate or act like they got the Holy Ghost where you find out it isn't long till they're on the rubbish heap. That's right. Exactly right. You cannot impersonate it. It's got to be a genuine something you got yourself. You cannot come in and act like you're a Christian. You've got to be one. Yeah. And the only way you can be one is by birth. We've heard people come in and speak with tongues. First thing you know, find them out you're on the rubbish sheep. They didn't get the Holy Ghost. That's right. They got a confusion of language. They never The Holy Spirit makes a man what he is from his heart. Amen. He has godly love. Now, they had forgotten all of this. And this they left the great murmur with Moses and with God chatting, "Why did you bring us out here? Why do we have to stay here? I'd rather be back down in Egypt anytime. Why did we die down there? Let Pharaoh kill us. Be better being out here." If that isn't like the complaints of the church today, so easy they forget the hand of God. So easy they forgot it. Listen what taking place. Oh, it's tremendous. We'd rather die down there. Look, those people had left from eating onions and garlics of Egypt. And God had rained bread down out of heaven, angels food, and fed them with it. And they were still complaining. God has given the church angels food, Holy Spirit. And they still complain about something all the time. left onions and garlics to eat angels food that angels prepared in heaven and rain down on the food that they had eaten. And still they were complaining. They had left the old muddy rivers of the Nile drinking that old muddy water and was drinking from the spiritual rock of pure salvation water and was complaining about it. Yes. Always complain because a little hard time struck them. Oh, that just soon as you have your first trial, come in meeting, see the Holy Spirit, go back out and have a tummy ache and say, "Well, maybe I never got healed." Shame on you. Sure you got healed. If you believe it, your feelings has nothing to do with it. It's your faith is what we look at. That's what God sees is your faith, not your feelings. Jesus never did say, "Did you feel it?" He said, "Did you believe it?" That's the irony. But they left the boasting physicians of Egypt down there saying, "Oh, we're the doctors. Days of miracles has passed to be with the great physician." And 40 years journey, hundreds and thousands of little babies born, all kinds of sickness and old people. There wasn't a feeble one among them with that one great position. Hallelujah. And still complaining. They had left the place down there where the where they said the days of miracles is passed. That's where you left. You left those places that says the days of miracles are fast. They left that to be with the out there where signs and wonders follow the believer. And still they were complaining. Isn't that just like the people today? But instead of all that, in the face of all of that, when God seen the mercy for the people, Moses fell on his face, that prophet, and said, "Lord God, sure they've sinned, but here they'll give them another chance." What happened? God told him, "Rise up and go out there and speak to the rock and it'll bring forth its waters." Now, if that wasn't, wouldn't the carnal mind pick that up as a foolishness? What would the carnal mind do? Well, certainly the rock was the driest place in the wilderness. Well, if there's going to be any water, it would be in the spring, not up there on that rock. God does things vice versa sometime or what man thinks it's right. That's the reason man hasn't got a right to lead God's people. It takes the Holy Spirit to do it for a fil church. Certainly. Now, they say today if there's any divine healing and miracles, it would be in our Catholic church, being in our Baptist, being in our Methodist. But God's able of these stones to rise up children of Abraham. What did he do? The went to the most unliken place there could be the rock. That's the way today they say. Now what kind of place that healing going on at? Where them visions take place? It's a Pentecostal group. Ah, get away from there. This kind of thing like that God give you give it to our church. See, but that's what it is. What happened? Why wasn't there water? because our man-made springs have dried up. That's what's the matter today with the churches. Our man-made denominations and theology has dried up, but God still has a command to speak to the rock and it'll bring forth its water. Certainly, yes. Very foolish to go out there. It looks very foolish. Why would a man leave a great big place to come down and get amongst a bunch of what they call holy rollers? What's he doing? He's only obeying the word of God. That's what Moses did. He obeyed what God said do. He spoke to the rock regardless of how foolish it sounded or anything else. He spoke to the rock and the rock was to bring forth waters of life for them. Oh, the only thing we need to do today is just like it was then, is speak to the rock. No matter if all the springs have dried up, if everything else is lost and gone, the only thing we have to do is still continue and speak to the rock and the rock is still able to bring forth its waters. You believe that? Now, one time in the Bible now, we're having a little shower on the outside also. So just move in. Give a little vent especially on this side where the rains are coming from and it won't hurt anything. I'll speak to the rock and the rock shall bring forth his waters. Did you notice it? It t it will bring forth his personal pronoun his waters. What kinds of waters? waters of life. That's the kind it'll bring forth. God promised it and God would do it. Now, that's what's the matter today. When you have gone as far as you can go, if you search through every doctor's office there is and they still say there's nothing to be done for you, then I'll tell you, do like Moses did. Speak to the rock for it's still bringing forth it waters of salvation, divine healing, just as God promised. Only thing you have to do if the doctor says no, speak to the rock and it'll bring forth its waters. Now Hannah was turned out of her home. She had a little baby. The poor little fellow was dying. Why? She didn't know what to do with it. She didn't understand the the treatment of her mistress. What happened when they got this condition? Her little baby's tongue, little Ishmael's tongue was swelling out of him. She laid him under a bush and went out about a bow shot and fell down on her face and she spoke to the rock and the rock brought forth the waters and there was a spring basha which still stands today as an everlasting memorial that he still is God and you can speak to him and he'll bring forth whatever you have need of everything that he promised in the land. Sure. The Hebrew children want to stay true to God. One day because if they were true to God, the federal government find them. And they said they would throw them in the fiery furnace, which meant instant death. And when they started to throw them in the fiery furnace, they prayed all night, sought God. And as they throw them in the fiery furnace, they let them burn for about four or five hours. The king got wearied. He said, "Go open the door." And when they opened the door, they found the three Hebrew children sitting in there speaking to the rock that was able to lift them from the fire in the furnace. They were speaking to the rock and the rock had smothered the fire. Joshua one day he was bothered. God had led him across the sea and we are across the Jordan River. How was he going to take this land? How was he going to take Jericho? He was walking around one afternoon trying to figure out a way that he could descend the walls or something. After a while, he saw a man standing there. He pulled his sword and went to meet him. The man pulled his sword and come to meet him. He said, "Are you for us? Are you for our enemies?" He said, "I am the captain of the host of the Lord." Joshua spoke to the rock and the walls fell down. As long as we'll speak to the rock, there'll be a way made. Blind Barnameus hundreds of years later was sitting. Now look, hundreds and hundreds of years later, an old blind man sat for the wall dreaming of the days when Joshua shut the walls down with the power of God, sitting there in his blindness. And he said, "Oh, if I could only lived in that day, I would have seen him also." And less than a few minutes a man, old blind Barnabas, without hope, without any medical cure, without anything, he spoke to the rock and the rock gave him back his sight. When Jesus of Nazareth, which is the rock of the weary land, he spoke to him and he gave him back his sight. The woman at the well, she came up there one day to get a drink of water. Her life was condemning her. She wanted some water and she'd draw it down to get it. Somebody sitting there said, "Why don't you ask me for a drink? I'd give you water. You don't come here to draw." And she said, "Lord, give me this water forever more." She spoke to the rock. And when she got a drink of that water, she run into the city, saying, "Come see a man who told me the things that I learned." Isn't this the very Messiah? Sure, she was thirsty and she spoke to the rock. Martha, the sister of Lazarus. One day, one sickness had come to her home. Death had come to their home. Her brother was dead, buried, staking out in the grave. But she went out into the city, for she heard something, faith cometh by hearing. And when she got down there, she spoke to the rock. And the rock brought forth life again to her dead brother because she spoke to the rock. And the rock gave back the life of the dead boy. The disciples one night in a storm twice as horrible as this was out on the raging sea and all hopes is gone. They thought they'd be gone, but they happen to remember they had the rock on board. Hallelujah. They spoke to the rock and the rock gave forth its eternal life waters and he spoke to the winds and the waves and they obeyed him. They just had to speak to the rock. If you need joy, speak to the rock. If you need salvation, speak to the rock. If you need divine healing, speak to the rock. If you need the Holy Ghost, speak to the rock and he'll bring forth his waters, the waters of salvation. If you'll just speak to the rock. Anything you have need of, speak to the rock. The rock is just the same today as he ever was. He's still got eternal life. He's still got eternal peace. He's still got joy unspeakable and full of glory. He's still got divine healing. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. The only thing the people need to do is speak to the rock. Amen. You believe that? Let's bow our heads and speak to the rock. Everybody in prayer. Heavenly Father, we come in the name of the rock. The rock in a weary land, the shelter in a time of storm. We pray, oh Lord God, that the rock will overshadow us with his power and mercy. That every sick person in here may be healed today. May they speak to the rock. Thou are men and women sitting here suffering with cancer. Some of them blind, some crippled. The doctor says there's no hope for them. Then let them speak to the rock. Moses without hope. They was in the wilderness where no water was. But they spoke to the rock. And the rock gave forth a gusher. And they all drank and they lived. Lord God, may we drink from that fountain today that never runs dry. Oh, in this bul land of salvation where we've been called out of Egypt's garlics and steak pots into this great wonderful place where it's due the land where the rock lays eating angels food and drinking from a fountain that never runs dry. God in heaven grant this blessing to the people. May they see today that the rock still lives. The rock resurrected from the dead. The rock is in the land today. He's a shelter in the time of storm. and may the people run into it and are safe. Grant it, Lord. Hear the prayers of your servants as we pray and call upon you in the name of your son Jesus Christ. Amen. Oh my. Speak to the rock. If you're sick, speak to the rock. If the doctor says, "I can't do no more for you," then speak to the rock. If the church says, "If you shout, "My church, I'll turn you out." Then speak to the rock. If the denomination wants to excommunicate you, speak to the rock. Amen. When death comes stealing in your room, speak to the rock. You'll make a way and divide the waters of Jordan as he did for them, and you'll walk over on dry land. Speak to the rock. That's all you have to do. You don't have to smite it no more. Just speak to it. Just call on his name. Whatever you ask the father in my name, that I'll do. Amen. Hallelujah. Speak to the rock and it'll bring forth its waters. Speak to it. Look at others speaking to it. You without the Holy Ghost, look at them. It spoke to it. Methodist, Jehovah Witness, Baptist, all such speak to the rock. The rock's no respector of person, no respect of time. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever, and will ever more be the same rock that's promised to supply all we have need from here to the promised land. Amen. You believe that? Give out prayer cards. Huh? Billy said to give out prayer cards. All right, let's find out. You sick people, you come this afternoon. Come doing this and conditioned to speak to the rock. I'm not the rock. I'm this is outlet. See, our ministries are just outlets where the it's a pipe where the water flows through. Don't glorify the pipe. Glorify the water that you're getting out of the pipe. For the water comes from the fountain. glorify the water. Then remember, it couldn't be me that healed. The pipe doesn't give you a drink. The stem that comes through, it doesn't give the drink. It only supplies the water. You drink from that rock, that smitten rock that's already been smoked. Moses smoked that rock with the judgment rod of God. And the judgments of God smoked the rock, Christ Jesus. And when Moses spoke the rock, there was a cliff in the rock. Always was a cliff in that rock from that time forth. And when Christ was smitten, there was a cliff in the rock. Out of that rock, they found honey. When they were hungry, they found water. When they were thirsty, for it was a smitten rock. That same rock today has water and honey and abundance of life, joy unspeakable, full of glory, divine healing powers of God to set a man free from sin. Amen. How many can say praise the Lord? Thank God for his word. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Amen. Amen. What a wonderful atmosphere to call on God to hear and answer our prayer. You know, he was smitten at Calvary 2,000 years ago, our Lord and Savior, and he was wounded for our transgressions and all of our iniquities. Whatever we have need of, we just bring that to him tonight and speak to him, the Lord Jesus Christ, and he will answer your prayer. How many believe that? Tonight, we're going to go to the Lord in prayer. This is our prayer meeting tonight and we'll call on God to hear and answer those requests. Um please remember Sharon Pashko um the granddaughter Jessica she will be undergoing tests for a complicated physical issue. God bless you. I think that's from the Kings. Remember this Jessica, sister Sharon's granddaughter. Also, Brother Kim's grandson is in the NICU. He's been there for 10 days. He ingested something. There's something in his lungs or that they're trying to work out there and there's no end in sight. They they don't think or they're just they haven't figured it out. So, he asked for the prayer request. Amen. So, we'll go to the Lord for brother Kim Dean Wall's grandson. Was there a request here tonight that someone would like to make known? Um, yes, Sister Heather. Oh, okay. Sister Deborah McGinty. Oh, she's here in the back there. So, we'll keep her in prayer. Good to see you, Sister Deborah. Praise the Lord. We'll pray for her and uh someone else. Sister your niece. He's fallen. Okay. We'll pray for Elijah for his eye. There's someone else that had a request. Yes, brother. Your brother, brother Josh's brother, Brandon has some chest pains. We'll pray for him. Brother George's family was they had some stomach bug, I think, coming from Canada. and they're probably weary in their body from traveling. We'll pray for them. And I believe they're gone again this weekend ministering. So, we'll pray for them. Someone else had a request. All right. Remember the um um the missionary effort there in Tanzania. We took an offering up there uh for them. And um and then also there's a trip I'm planning for um for to go to Liberia uh very soon. So pray for those believers and those saints there. Someone else had a request. That was it. Let's all stand to our feet and we'll sing that. Every need supplied. Always pray for one another. Pray for the saints in Phoenix as well. Every need supply. Every need supply. There is healing, cleansing, sweet peace inside. [Music] Every day supply. Oh, every need supply. [Music] Every need supply. There's healing, cleansing, sweet peace inside. Every need. One more time. One more time. Every need. Oh, every need supplied. Every need supplied. There's healing, cleansing, sweet peace inside. and rene supply. Amen. Always always pray for one another. Pray for the saints and the church. Pray for me and the every believer. Amen. Just call their names out. If they come up on your mind, call their name out in prayer and just pray one for another. God bless you. You can come forward. The altar is open. You can pray right at your seat. God bless you. Thank you. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Laughter] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] You good? [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] All [Music] [Music] right. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Beautiful day. All [Music] right. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Are you [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] I love you, Lord, and I lift my voice to worship you. Let's stand and sing that just before we go. I love you, Lord, and I lift my voice to worship you. Oh my soul, rejoice, take joy, my [Music] king in what you hear. Let be a sweet, sweet sound in your ear. I love you, Lord. I love you, Lord. [Music] And I lift my voice to worship you. Oh my [Music] soul, rejoice. Make joy my king in what you hear. May it be a sweet, sweet sound in your [Music] ear. Amen. Let's sing. That hand clapping song. Jesus has a table spread where the saints of God are fed. Come and dine, the master calleth. Jesus has a table spread where the saints God are fed. He invites his chosen people. Come and dine. faith and supplies our every need. Sweetness up with Jesus all the time. Come and die. Come and die. The master call is come and die. Come and die. You make feast at Jesus table all the time. All the time he will fed the multitude, turn the water into wine to the hungry, call it now, come and die. And the disciples came to land, thus obeying Christ's command. The master called to them, come and die. There they found their heart's desire. Bread and fish upon the fire. The sea satisfies the hungry every time. Can we take that next verse? Lamb will take his bride to be ever at his sight. All the host of heaven will assemble me. All will be a glorious sight. All the saints and spotless white. And with Jesus we will face eternally. Come and die. Come and die. The master calling. Come and die. Come and die. You make table all the time. All the time. He who fed the multitude turn the water into wine. Do the hungry call it now. Come and die. Just clap those hands. [Music] table all the time. All the time. He who fed the multitude turn the water into wine. To the hungry, call it now. Come and die. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Brother Jonathan, why don't you come and dismiss us in a word of prayer? just come forward my brother. Yes, he was here and then he was gone and then I didn't see him for months and months and then he called me today. So, it's good to see him again. God bless you. Amen. God bless you. Amen. May I say something? [Music] I come to America in 20 23 in February in Tucson, Arizona. And u I have been at Tucson Tabernacle and I've been introduced to this man I left last year. I went to Chicago. When I was in Chicago, a pastor invited me to preach to some place. [Music] But since last year, and this is the message I'm directing to the pastor, I have been burdened so much because of the things that have happened in America. America ministers, they have turned a corner. ministers. They have now said this man, this man is no longer needed in their churches to be quoted. And when I was in Chicago there, that minister called me to preach. My message that I left in Chicago was the message revival. You deny him. You have a form that you are a believer of this message but you have denied the power. Without him this world will be burning today. That is Malachi chapter 4. To deny him, it is also to deny the message. To be gathered like this here and to have a pastor. I want to come to a church where one day the pastor of a church leaves this pulpit and sits in the congregation to listen to the voice because without this voice we are denomination. [Music] I'll say it because I said it. I come from Chicago. I go to a brother and I say, "My brother, this that you have started doing at your church, you have denied the headship. No minister, brother Israel, and I'm talking to you. There is no minister in our generation that can stand in the pit and start reading from this Bible speaking to the congregation the knowledge that can surpass the prophet. no minister because this Bible was a closed book. This Bible we didn't know. I come to know him when I was 20 years in my father's church. In my father's church they baptized us in titles. In my father's church they believe that before somebody preaches he must go and stud. I was supposed to go to England and study for 3 years then become a pastor. But when this Bible was [Music] opened, now we know how to receive the Holy Ghost. I asked the brother, "Are you going to teach your church about William Brennan?" He says, "I don't want to put a man before the people." said but when you read the book of Corinthians who wrote it if you say you are not going to put man a man before the people but the book of Corinthians was written by Paul and God tells Joshua God tells Israel and I'm talking to brother Israel I'm sorry I'm talking to you my brother you cannot take away the message from the church and expect a revival That's why you go to churches where they don't respect the prophet. It is like people are dead. I said it in Chicago there. There is no baptism in churches. It is all recycling odd believers. People come from Tennessee, they come to church. People come from Chicago, they come to church. And you call them believers. No, brother. We need to baptize the people. And the only way we can baptize the people is to take this message and tell it to the people and the people repent and the people come to the to the church and then there will be joy in [Music] heaven. I called a pastor last week. I said I want to come to church. give me the address because I know brother Israel's church is there in broadest there and from my place to that place is about 15 20 minutes I say okay I'm knocking off at 6:00 let me just go attend here so I got the address I didn't go that Wednesday today I said I'm going I knock off I drive to that place there is no service today. So I said I don't know Lord whether brother Israel will pick up my phone. I'm outside the fence and I say Lord I don't know whether this man will pick up my phone. And I call two rings. He says hi brother Jonathan. I said give me the address to church. And when I walk into the church, I see the picture of the Lord by testimony. And I see the pillar of fire by testimony hanging before the congregation. That's what I've been brought. That's how I've been brought up. I said, "Pastor, why don't you hang the picture of the prophet in your church?" He says, "His is man worship. [Music] But you hanging the picture of your grandfather who was even a witch maybe when he died in the house. Oh, I don't want to preach. Okay, I want to pray. But I want to say, Pastor Israel, may God bless your ministry. Brother, if you are going to continue on that trajectory of this message, there will be revival in this [Music] church. So I want to declare to you before the church today. I have made this church to be my home church. When you don't see me here, I am working. Tell your neighbor that if you don't see brother Jonathan here, then he's working. Tell your neighbor, "Brother, if you don't see me here, I'm working. You can't change me." No, brother. You can't change me. 37 years 37 years now I have been following this that voice has kept me I am weak I am a sinner saved by the grace of God tomorrow I will sin tomorrow I'll make mistakes but that voice may it continue to remain in my soul until he comes. Let's bow our heads and pray. Heavenly Father, what a day. [Music] [Music] Do we hear the voice [Music] Lord which has kept us to find a man to find a brother that is still respecting the headship of this message. today. Lord, bless brother Israel. Father, may he stand true. May he be there even if he remains alone in Arizona. Watch over this man to bring us the voice of Malachi 4. You sent him to us too soon has been the bedroom of Jehovah in this message. It is in Arizona here where you wanted to come and live. There is a house Lord behind there. He shifted all his trophies to come and live in that house. It was not in your plan father. You took the messenger away. But we have the voice today. Forgive us our sins and our trespasses that we hold to this voice, to these words until you come. Lord, thank you for the message today and the prayers of your children. The pastor read prayer requests here. The messenger says just speak to the rock. Father, bless our driving back home. Bless the service that is coming on Sunday. Bless the saints that are holding on to this voice, ministers that you are raising. Let them see the importance of the voice of the messenger. Thank you, Father. We love you tonight. In the blessed name of Jesus Christ, Father, we pray. Amen. I'm sorry, pastor. No, God bless you. Our brothers, welcome. Give Give the Lord a hand of praise for our brother. We appreciate him. Amen. Amen. To the hungry, call it now. Come and dine. Shake somebody's hand. Oh, come and dine. The mass to call it. Come and dine. Come and dine. feast at Jesus table all of the time. He who fed the multitude turn the water into wine till the hungry call it now come and dine. Those came to land disobeying Christ's command. Esther called to him come and die. There they found their hearts desire. Breaded fish upon the fire. Thus he satisfied the hungry every time. Oh come and dine. Call it come and dine. feasted at Jesus table all the time. All of the time. Fed the multitude. Turn the water into wine. Do the hungry call it now. Come and shine. Oh, did you eat good tonight? Wasn't that a good meal? How many enjoy that? Speak to the rock. I was sitting there thinking, "What are my needs? What do I need in my life? I'll just speak to the rock." He was smitten for us. One last song as we go, just before we go. Keep me true, Lord. Jesus, keep me true. Keep me true, Lord Jesus. Keep me true. Keep me true, Lord. Jesus, keep me true. There's a race I must run. There are victories to be won. Give me power every hour to be That's my prayer tonight. Oh, keep me true, Lord. Jesus, keep me true. Keep me true, Lord. Jesus, keep me true. There's a race I must run. There are victories to be won. Give me power every hour to How many will say, "I'll be true, Lord, and I'll be true, Lord, Jesus. I'll be true. I'll be true, Lord. I'll be true. There's a race I've got to run. Victories to be won. Power every hour to one more time before we go. I'll be true. I'll be true, Lord. I'll be true to your word. I'll be true, Lord. Jesus, I'll be [Music] true. Race I must run. There are victories to be won. Give me power every hour, too. God bless you. You're dismissed. God be with you. I'll be true, Lord Jesus. I'll be true. I'll be true. Jesus, I'll be true. I'm going to run. Victories to be won every hour to be true. Keep me true. Keep me true, Lord Jesus. Keep me true. Keep me true, Lord. Every day, every hour, there's a race I got to run. Victories to be won. Give me power every hour to be true. Keep me true. Keep me true. Dear Lord Jesus, keep me true. I must victories to be won. Give me power every hour to be true. I'll be true. I'll be true. I'll be true. [Music] I'll be [Music] true. My best friend to be one. Give me power every hour to be true. I'll be true. [Music] [Music] [Music]
