################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-07 - Sunday Evening 12-07-25 - William M. Branham.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-12-07
Title:   Sunday Evening 12-07-25
Speaker: William M. Branham
Church:  Shalom Tabernacle Tucson
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_pRsvldVVss
========================================

Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Day Angel. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. soul shall. will find rest beyond the river. In the cross. In the cross. Be my gold ever till my rapured soul shall find rest beyond the river. I want to draw nearer to Jesus, closer than I've been before. For nobody loves me like Jesus. I want to draw near to my Lord. draw me near closer than I've been before. Nearer. Draw me nearer. I want to draw near to my Lord. Tell him that one more time. I want to draw nearer to Jesus. closer than I've been before. For nobody loves me like Jesus. I want to draw near to my own. Yes. Nearer. Draw me nearer. Closer than I've been before. Oh, draw me nearer. I want to draw near to my Lord. Let's stand together tonight. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. There's just something about that name. My master, savior Jesus. Like the fragrance after the rain. Oh Jesus, Jesus. Jesus, let all heaven and earth proclaim. Kings and kingdoms, they will all pass away. But there is something about that day. Brother Chris Smith, would you come open our service tonight with a word of prayer? &gt;&gt; Dear Lord, we just love that name, Jesus Christ. everything you've done for us, Lord. Oh Lord, we love you so much, Lord. Dear Lord, we come to your communion night, Lord. We're we can be new again, Lord. We need healing, Lord. This is the time to be healed, Lord Jesus. It's a standoff, Lord. For Lord, it's a renewing of our faith, Lord Jesus. Dear Lord, we just want to feel your presence here tonight, Lord. Just join us, Lord Jesus. We love you, Lord. We just anticipate to have you with us tonight, Lord. We ask this in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Yes, there is something about that name. Great is your mercy towards me, your loving kindness. I see your tender mercies. I see day after day forever. Faithful towards me. You're always providing for me. Great is your mercy towards me, Lord. Great is your grace. Let's tell them that again. Thank you, Lord. Great is your mercy toward me. Your loving kindness I see your tender mercies I see day after day forever faithful towards me always providing for me. Great is your mercy towards me. Great is your grace. Amen. You can be seated. There is coming a day when no heartaches shall come. There'll be no more clouds in the sky and no more tears to dim the eye. All is peace forever more. on that happy golden shore. Oh, what a day. What a day, glorious day that will be. Oh, what a day that will be when my Jesus I shall see. And when I look upon his face, the one who saved me by his grace when he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land. Oh, what a day, glorious day that will be. And think about this. There'll be no sorrow there. No more burdens to bear. There'll be no sorrow there. No more burdens to bear. There'll be no more sickness, no more pain, no more parting over there. and forever I will be with the one who died for me. Oh, what a day, a glorious day that will be. What a day that'll be when my Jesus I shall see. And when I look upon his face, the one who saved me by his grace. When he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land, what a day, glorious day that will be. Oh, I thank God for the lighthouse. Oh, I owe my life to him. For Jesus is the lighthouse. And from the rocks of sin, all he has shown his light around me so that I could clearly see. Oh, if it wasn't for the lighthouse, just tell me where would this ship. Sing it one more time. Oh, I thank God for the lighthouse. Oh, how I owe my life to him. Lord Jesus is the lighthouse and from the rocks of sin. Well, he has shown his life around me so that I could clearly see. If it wasn't for the lighthouse, tell me where would this ship be? It's going to keep J. Thank you for the cross, Lord. Thank you for the price you paid. Burying all my sin and shame. In love, you came and gave amazing praise. Thank you for this love, Lord. Thank you for the nail, pierced hands. Wash me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know, your forgiveness and embrace. Worthy is the lamb. seated on the throne. Oh, we'll crown you soon. We will crown you soon with many crowns. You reign victorious. You're high and lifted high and lifted up. Oh Jesus, son of God, the treasure of heaven. All the treasure of heaven crucified. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Let's sing it to him again. Thank you for the cross, Lord. Thank you for the cross. Oh, thank you for your nail. Pierced hands, buried all my sin and shame. In love, you came. You gave amazing grace and thank you for this love. Thank you for your nail pierced hands. Wash me in your cleansing flow. Now all and know your forgiveness and embrace. Worthy is the lamb. Seated on your throne. Crown you soon. will crown you soon with many crowns. Lord, you reign victorious. You are high and lifted up. Oh Jesus, son of God, the treasure of heaven, crucified. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Oh, worthy is the lamb. I've seen the lightning flashing and I've heard the thunder roll. I felt s breakers clashing trying to conquer my soul. I've heard the voice of my savior telling me still to fight on. Aren't you thankful for this? He promised never to leave me. Never to leave me alone. No, never alone. No, never alone. He promised never to leave me. Never to leave me alone. No, never alone. No, never alone. He promised never to leave me. Never to leave me alone. Well, he died for me on the mountain for me. They pierced his side for me. He opened the fountain, the crimson cleansing tide. for me. He's waiting in glory seated upon the throne. He promised never to leave me. Never to leave me alone. No, never alone. Oh, no. Never alone. He promised never to leave me, never to leave me alone. Let's all stand as we sing it. No, no, never alone. No, never alone. He promised never to leave me, never to leave me alone. Oh no, never alone. Oh no, never alone. He promised never to leave me. Never to leave me alone. No, never alone. No, never alone. He promised never to leave me, never to leave me alone. Amen. Amen. God bless everyone. Let's continue to remember Sister Ellie who uh wasn't feeling well and also travel in mercy for Matt and CJ Malot. They'll be leaving early to go back to Canada. Appreciate them being with us. Let's all pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we're coming before you once again, Lord, asking for mercies and grace upon each life, Father. Lord, we pray that we draw closer to you this evening, Lord, and that we be never lukewarm, Lord. That you take us away from any such condition. Father, you said I counsel you thee to buy gold, try it in the fire from you, Father. Lord, we want to do whatever it would take. Lord, give us that hunger and thirst, Lord, where we may be lacking. Father, we we need you tonight. We thank you, Father, for Lord, what you bore in your body on that cross of Calvary. And Father, the redemption, Father, that you pro provide for us. We know even now whatsoever you say Lord you'll take care of everything Lord. Sister Hely Lord you cause her to recover for your word says by your stripes we were healed. And Lord we we send that promise toward her. Father let the preaching of your word. Lord let us our our approach Lord on this communion table tonight be acceptable in your sight. Father, let us be one in the body of Christ. And we'll give you all the praise and the glory. In Jesus' name we ask it. Amen. &gt;&gt; That was He's worthy. He is worthy. worthy. The lamb that was slain. How I love him. I love him. Oh, I love him. How I love the lamb that was slain. I love him. I love him. I love the lamb. Just tell him one more time, Lord, you're worthy tonight. Yes, you are worthy. God, you're worthy. Worthy. The lamb that was slain. You are worthy. Yes, you're worthy. Worthy. the lamb that was laid. Amen. You can be seated. If you don't know the words to this one, just shut your eyes and and just sing this as a prayer. Say it as a prayer. Listen to the words. Think of this is all of our desire. Lord, take me deeper, deeper in your love, deeper in your word. Jesus, hold me close in your embrace. There is a longing only you can fear. A raging tempest only you can steal. My soul is thirsting Lord to know you as I'm known. Drink from the river that flows before your throne. Lord, take me deeper, deeper in love with you. Jesus, hold me close in your embrace. Take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be deeper in love. Sunrise to sunrise, I will seek your face. Drawn by the spirit to the promise of your grace. My heart has found in you a hope that will abound here in your presence forever satisfied. Lord, take me deeper, deeper in love with you. Jesus, hold me close in your embrace. Take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be deeper. Just ask him that one more time. Lord, take me deeper. deeper in love with you. Jesus, hold me close in your embrace. Take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be deeper in love. He is all I need. He is all I need. Jesus is all I need. He is all I need. He is all I need. Lord Jesus is all I need. Tell him now, Lord, you're all I need. Yes, you are all I need. You are all I need. Jesus, you're all I need. You are all I need. You are all I need. Jesus, you're all I need. I take you now. Oh, I take you now. I take you now for all I need. Yes, I take you now. I take you now for all I need here. Let's all stand to our feet as we prepare to go to um the word of God and then to the table of the Lord. We're going to listen to this message communion preached in 1957 and start at paragraph number 12. I'd like to greet each of you. I trust the Lord will bless you. There is the scripture in Matthew chapter 27 that brother Random will be reading from if you'd like to prepare to go there. Amen. We certainly thank the Lord for all his many blessings to us. Amen. Amen. God bless you richly. Amen. And as we prepare to go to the tape, let's sing that old hymn of the church. Only believe, only that all things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. Hallelujah. Only believe that all things are possible. Only. Can we make that confession? Lord, I believe. Sing it. Lord, I believe. Oh, Lord, I believe. and all things all of my heart. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I really bless you. You may be seated. Brother, I got a new Bible tonight was given to me by some Dunker brothers and it's kind of a big thing and it's first time I've ever preached out of it. It's a little awkward to me. Now uh know that we have met for one purpose that is to to further the cause of Christ and to find peace in our souls and to make us better men and women better servants of the Lord. And if we come for any other idea, well then we will not be blessed of the Lord. We've come for help. We've come looking to God. And this is a house of correction where God gives us of his blessings and corrects us from the wrong. Now just before we open the word or or ask the Holy Spirit to help us, let us bow our heads. Blessed heavenly father, into thine divine presence we present ourselves now as listeners to the gospel and as speakers of the word, circumcised lips that speak and ears that hear and hearts that receive. And may the Holy Spirit divide to us tonight and impart the truths of God's eternal grace to every one of us that when we leave this building tonight, we'll say like those who coming from Emas, did not our hearts burn within us because he talked to us along the road for we ask that in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. over in the book of St. Matthew's gospel and the 26th chapter the 27th and 28th verse for a text I wish to read. And he helped the cup and when he gave thanks and he gave it to them and said drink ye all of it for this is my blood of the new testament which is shed for many for the remission of sins. But I say unto you, I will not drink it forth of the fruit of the vine until the day when I drink it a new with you in my father's kingdom. And now we're going to speak on the communion. And this is the original communion night. And communion was held first way down in Egypt. The first of the communion which was the the Passover lamb that was slain which was the type of Christ. Many of us are familiar with that blessed old story of how that they who took the communion down there walked through the wilderness for 40 years. And when they come out, there wasn't a feeble one among them. And there even their clothes was not even threadbear. For 40 years, God had kept them. What a blessed assurance it is to us tonight. If that be the type, then Christ is the antitype. and how that God delivered the children. And in the taking of the communion was the difference between life and death. Those who were on the inside under the shed blood took the communion. No one could take the communion outside being under the shed blood. The blood of the lamb was shed first and then was put on the lin and the doorpost. The little is the cross timber and on the doorpost and then the lamb was roasted and was and and was eaten with bitter herbs and they girded themselves after the blood was shed and they passed under the shed blood. They were gired and ready for the march. Amen. &gt;&gt; And it's a very beautiful type tonight of people who take communion is not to be associated or affiliated with things of the world anymore. &gt;&gt; They must come under the blood first and be cleansed from all sin which is unbelief and then be shaved with the preparation of the gospel. &gt;&gt; Amen. uh having on the whole armor of God ready for this summons at any time. &gt;&gt; And it was the the sign that the death angel could not go beneath that blood. The death angel had to rise and go over the blood. &gt;&gt; And that's where the poet got the inspiration saying, "When I see the blood, I'll pass over you." It was near the hour of deliverance when they accepted the communion, the the roasted lamb and the the herbs that they taken before leaving. Now, in the antitype that we're to speak of, it was many years ago tonight that Jesus taken what we know as the Lord's supper, the communion. And there's something about it that he was going to talk to his disciples and just before going away he wanted to talk it over with them and it's a they had a room prepared. It was a time of fellowship and the communion does mean a fellowship. Many of the churches have closed communion that is just to their own church when they have a communion. But here we are not a denomination. We have a open communion for all. For we believe that every believer has a right to the table of the Lord and to fellowship around the good things of God. with that every believer, regardless of creed, color, or whatever he may be, that all have been made drink of the selfsame blessing, Christ. Now, this great hour had approached our Lord. One of the most trying times of all of his earthly journey were just at hand. Testing time. Jesus had to go through testing just as we go through testing. And the Bible said that every son that cometh to God must first be tested, trained, corrected. Now many people it is a showdown when the testing time comes. It's a time of approving place. And the Bible said if we cannot stand the testing then we become illegitimate children. We are professing God to be our father and then he is not our father. For if we have correctly and with all of our heart received the Lord Jesus as our personal savior, there is nothing in this earth or in all dark eternity can can ever separate us from the love of God that's in Christ Jesus. I'm astounded in this day and I've always been when people profess to be Christians and the first little trial comes along, they fall by the wayside. It goes to show that it was an intellectual conception of Christ. That's the reason so many doesn't hold out today is because it's an intellectual conception. Intellectually you could believe it but it goes further than that. &gt;&gt; To accept Christ is to accept the person of Christ. Many of us accept religion of Christianity upon the learning of creeds. Other accept Christianity upon doctrines of baptism. Others believe that they are Christians because of some emotion as they have exercised such as shouting or dancing in the spirit or speaking with tongues or having some marvelous gift to present. All those things are good in their place. But to accept Christ is to accept the persons of Christ. If then these other things just automatically fall in line. &gt;&gt; Now if God did not spare his own son from the cruel testing then he will not spare you or I from the cruel testing. And Jesus was here confronting the greatest test that he had ever had. Gethsemane laid just before him. Were that once and final all sufficient test must come when the burdens of the entire world laid upon his blessed shoulders. There was no one in all heavens or earth could ever stood it but him. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And to know that all of the sins of past sins and present sins and future sins rested upon this decision. And it was one of the most greatest victories that Christ every one approved his great messiahship is when he said to God, "Not my will, thine be done." &gt;&gt; That was the greatest victory he had ever won. All the demons of torment was around to tip him and time. And when we get right with God, when our hearts become pure and the Holy Spirit has taken its place in our hearts, it's the most glorious thing to have testing. &gt;&gt; Amen. The Bible tells us that our testings and trials are more precious to us than silver and gold of this world. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So we are should be thankful. I do not wish to bring my own self into some experience. But just as it comes on my mind, I remember the great and final test that I had of my Christian experience. It was yonder in the hospital out here on Spring Hill when my wife was laying in the morg down here a carp. And she had just moved out of this life to be with God. And the testings and trials was all not just someone saying, "Billy, you're holy over." That wasn't much testing. And these other little trials and so forth of criticism from the man that I work with. It wasn't much testing. But my great hour of testing comes when the doctor a dare that I rehearsed it to him yesterday in the hospital when we sat together and when he come down the hall to meet me and took me by the hand and said, "Billy, your baby is dying and there's not a chance for it to live. It's got two burglar menitis." I said, "Surely not, doctor." And his mother laying a cart and I go in. He said, "Just come with me." And we went to the laboratory and there he picked up a little glass tube and he shook it and there seemed to be a streak in it. He says, "That is the menitis germ and it's in the baby." We drew this from the spine to release the spasm and he said in this we find that it's two bir menitis said it nursed it from its mother and said if that baby should live it would be crippled afflicted but he said by the mercies of God the baby is going to be with its mother. &gt;&gt; I said doctor I want to see the baby. He said, "You can't do it, Billy. Because of Billy, Paul, your boy, said you would pack the germs back to him." And after trying to encourage me the best that he knew how, when he left the building, I flipped around and went down into the basement. And when I got there, the hospital at that time wasn't fixed as it is now. And the window was up and the screen was out in some flies that got into the little fella's eyes. And I shoot the flies away and looked down at her little body all drawed in her little legs moving back and forth. And I said to her, "Sherry, honey, do you know daddy?" And it seemed like that she was kind to wave her little hand to me about eight or nine months old. And I looked at her and she was suffering so hard, a little innocent baby, until one of her little baby blue eyes crossed. So much pain. Oh, I would have took it at any time. and her dead. And I knelt down on my knees with the doors closed. And I said, "Oh, God's father, there lays my wife, the baby's mother, laying yonder in the undertaker's m. There's Billy Paul on the bed sick. And here's my baby dying. You surely Lord won't take her. I love her. And she resembles her mother. I want to raise her. Won't you please, oh God, spare my baby's life? And as I looked up, and as you all know, I've always been subject to vision. It seemed like a black sheep began to unfold coming down. And as if God took my prayer and throwed it right back in my face. I said, "What have I done, God? Have I transgressed your laws that I should have this punishment? If it is you just reveal it, and I'll repent, I'll do anything, but don't take my baby." And I seen she was going anyhow. I raised up and then the tempter came to me. There was the one time in all my life that I can call was the crucial moment my Gethsemane when I was just barely holding to the bed. The devil said, "There you are. That's the reward for trying to serve him. You mean that he'll take that young 22year-old mother and lay her yonder as a corpse in the mar and will take the precious baby your own flesh and blood and slam your prayer right in your face and then you need to say that you'll surely I was standing between opinions it had to be decided then I put my hand over on little head. I said, "The Lord gave and the Lord takes away. Blessed be the name of the Lord." Amen. I felt relief. I said, "Sherry, honey, daddy cannot go where you are now, but daddy can come someday. I'll lay you on the arm of mother and bury you, but daddy will see you again someday. Amen. &gt;&gt; Mr. Eer, who's probably sitting present now. I can't see through the crowd. The ex state senator here of Indiana. I was going up the highway. Mr. Eiser, I guess you can well remember. I had my hands behind me going up to the graveyard rack with blood weeping. I used to go up there and in the evening an old turtle dove would set over in the tree and would sing to me and seem like down to the breezes of old pines and trees seem like a song would whisper to it. There's a land beyond the river &gt;&gt; that we call the sweet. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We only reach that shore by faith degree. One by one we gain the portal there to dwell with the immortal. Someday they'll ring those golden bells for you and me. &gt;&gt; Mr. Eisler driving his old truck jumped out and put his arm around. He said, "I've heard you preaching on the street corner, Billy. I've seen you standing in the tabernacle. I've heard you at the hymn sings how you exalted Christ. what you said he was. So now he has taken your father, your brother, your wife, and your baby. So now what does he mean to you? I said, Mr. Eer, if he would send me to the regions of the law, I still love him. Or one day down under in an old coal shed, something happened down here in my heart that there is nothing that can rub it out. It was nothing that I did. It was God's eternal grace that helped me in the hours of great decision. And when our blessed Lord in the Gethsemane went down when he was re to be rejected at Jerusalem and the council was going to take his life when the eternal destination of every soul that ever was or would be on the earth rested upon his decision. Oh, how little mine was comparison to that. How little yours was in comparison to that. Such a pity that we can't stand these little things. But in that great crucial hour until he suffered knowing all things until the water and blood separated in his body and great drops of sweat like blood dropped down his brow. He died more death in Gethsemane than he did on the cross. He was just at the event of this, just before the great battle was to start and he taught the communion. He brought his disciples together to talk over things with them. And that's the way he does you and I. Just before the great battle of life starts, before the great battle of right and wrong begins to battle within us, God brings us to a Gethsemane. &gt;&gt; He brings us to the communion and he talks it all over with us. Way out in Phoenix, Arizona, there used to be a little triota that used to sing for me. I would like to talk it over with Jesus. I'd like to say, Jesus, you love me when my path got so near. &gt;&gt; When it was so dim that I could see, no father, you love me when it was dim. &gt;&gt; Amen. And the little song goes on to say, "Well, I'd like to talk it over." And it's a good thing that men and women of this earth stop in lifong travel and talk it over with Jesus. Have communion with him in a fellowship. Then the battle begins of the testing and the trying. Every son that cometh to God must be tested. Amen. &gt;&gt; Now the communion is not a is not given for the purpose that many people think it is. It's taught by a certain denomination of church that communion is called the last right that it pertains to salvation. Communion does not pertain to salvation. Communion does not give you salvation. Whether you take it in your death or or what, it does not have nothing to do with your salvation. It is a commemoration. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Jesus said in the gospel, he said, "This do in remembrance of me." &gt;&gt; Amen. Not it leading or pointing to salvation, but it's in commemoration of a finished work. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's been done in you &gt;&gt; by the Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; It's a commemoration. Now, there's many that take the communion is not saved. Many eat the pastoral lambs and perish in the wilderness and many take the communion the days that will never see God. But you cannot be a partaker of his salvation and not see him because salvation is the gift of God. &gt;&gt; And communion is commemoration of the great also sufficient sacrifice that was made for that salvation. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's to let people see that we believe in the death, burial, and resurrection of the Lord Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; It represents the finished work. Salvation once was not completed and the offering of the goats, the sheep, the heers in the Old Testament because the Old Testament blood could not atone for sin. It could only cover sin. It was appointing to a time when it would be completed. Tomorrow night we're to get right in on that. But it was only a time. But when Jesus came and his blood was shed at Calvary, it was a complete divorcing of sin. &gt;&gt; It taken sin away. It's the only means of salvation. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; There is no church joining, no letters of fellowship. There is no ritual baptism. There's no communion or nothing in the ritual or any article that's been left of God as articles pertain to salvation. It's all in commemoration of the finished work. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Water baptism does not save you as much as people sometimes think it does. Water baptism is a commemoration of the death, burial, and resurrection of the law. &gt;&gt; It does not save you. &gt;&gt; Communion is in commemoration of his great agony and his going out in his broken body and his blood that was shed. It is not the literal blood. It is not the literal body, but it's in commemoration of his literal body and of his precious blood. And we take this as order. And Jesus commanded us to do it as long as he stays the way we are to take it. &gt;&gt; Amen. We have a great beautiful picture over in the book of the Hebrew letter. in the seventh chapter. I would like to read just a little place in Hebrews 7 to get a context to go with this. For this Melchzdc, king of Salem, priest of the most high God, who met Abraham, returning from the slaughter of the kings, and blessed him, to whom the patriarch Abraham gave a tenth of all, first being by interpretation, the king of righteousness, after that the king of Salem, which is the king of peace. Notice we want to go back and think Paul here is referring back to an Old Testament character in the book of Genesis. We take up the life of Abraham from the 12th chapter of Genesis. God giving uh Abraham the promise and through Abraham would come the righteous seed and Abraham as believed by many to be a Jew. He was not. Abraham was a gentile a child from the city of Israel. And he became God's servant not because he was different from anyone else but because of the election of God. &gt;&gt; You are not saved because you are a good person. You're saved because Christ chose you. &gt;&gt; No man seeks God. God seeks man. Jesus said, "No man can come to me except my father draws him first." And if we could stop just for a few moments and realize the great importance of that one thing, that it was God who chose you, not willing that you should perish, but give to you the opportunity and called you and elected you to be his servant. While what could be more precious than that? Amen. Without you having a choice, it would be total impossible for any man to seek God. For he by nature is a sinner, and he has nothing within him to give a desire to serve God. Could you go to the pig and tell him he's wrong? He's a pig by nature. &gt;&gt; Could you tell him his diet is wrong? Certainly not. By nature, he is a pig. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You should tell him he'd be a lamb. But he's satisfied as a pig. And a sinner is satisfied as a sinner because his nature is a sinner. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And here it is. We are ALL BORN in sin, &gt;&gt; shaped in iniquity, come to the world speaking lies. &gt;&gt; Amen. by nature a child of disobedience &gt;&gt; WITHOUT GOD WITHOUT hope of God abiding on us. &gt;&gt; Amen. Help us. &gt;&gt; And by the loving grace of Christ, &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; GOD IN HIS SOVEREIGN GRACE AND HIS omnipotence at your heart and GIVES YOU THE BLESSED opportunity and sets you up the road. &gt;&gt; Amen. How could you turn that down? &gt;&gt; Changes your hold of God. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; TURNS YOU AROUND. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; And start you the other way. &gt;&gt; Oh, you'll be silly TO THE WORLD. &gt;&gt; BUT YOU'LL be blessed in the sight of &gt;&gt; blessed are they that do hunger and thirst for righteousness. or they shall be filled, said our Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; God by his amazing grace. &gt;&gt; NOTICE IT WAS WHAT GOD DID, what God called. &gt;&gt; You had no will to call. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; YOU COULD HAVE NO DESIRE TO CALL because your nature was completely contrary to it. &gt;&gt; Amen. But God by election called you and turned you around and set your affection towards Christ and the things. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; How could we turn it down? &gt;&gt; Then God showed in Abraham what he would do for all. Not only was this blessed promise of the resurrection of eternal life given to Abraham, but to his seed after him. Yes, &gt;&gt; the call the elected of God. And we notice that Abraham out in the fields where he was soldiing, his brother, he called it Lot. It was really his nephew, his brother's son. And the time come for the testing and not weakened under the testing. He is a perfect picture of the carnal believer today. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; When the testing comes to stay on the barren land, Abraham give him his choice. And Lot lifted up his eyes and saw the fields of valleys and it was full of grass. It was also full of fine homes. It was full of jeopard nature. &gt;&gt; Loving this present world more than the things to come. Chose rather &gt;&gt; Amen. live luxurious in this life than I have life here after. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Abraham, a perfect type of the true believer who's been washed in the blood of the lamb. whose affections are set on things above &gt;&gt; THAT I'LL TAKE THE WAY with define &gt;&gt; regardless if it cost my popularity whatever it cost I'll take the way &gt;&gt; with the Lord's &gt;&gt; and he chose to stay in the land where God placed him under the testing time. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I wonder tonight if I'm speaking to people who once made a start to go through with God and when the testing time come, you chose rather to go back into the world and do the things of the world or did you take the rugged old way of salvation? Did you do like Moses when he was under testing? When he had his foot on the throne of Egypt, but he esteemed the riches of Christ. Amen. Greater treasures than all the riches of Egypt. &gt;&gt; He fortook Egypt. Did not care how much gold, how many coppers. He took God at his word and forsook the things of Egypt, carrying the reproach of Christ greater than the treasures of Egypt. God, &gt;&gt; what do we do under the testing? When the hard trials come, when they say because that you separate yourself from the things of the world that you're a religious fanatic, does the strain come? It's got to come. &gt;&gt; And you've got to make the choice. &gt;&gt; But I'd rather abide under the shadow of the Almighty. I had rather take my way and like Jacob has a pillar of stone. &gt;&gt; I'd rather be considered by the world a crank. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Than to have all THE RICHES AND BLESSINGS that this world could afford to give &gt;&gt; because greater is the blessings of God than all the riches and gold and silver of this world. Amen. &gt;&gt; Now notice then when the great testings come, Lot went down into sin. You remember he went from the mountain down into the plains. He backslid &gt;&gt; like the a perfect representative of carnal Christianity today. so called choosing rather to take the road of ease, the far better at ease than to stand true in the time of trial. &gt;&gt; And he finally got in trouble. And you will too. Amen. &gt;&gt; When you choose that &gt;&gt; better ease, remember you are going to get in trouble &gt;&gt; something your sins will find you out &gt;&gt; and God will catch up with you someday. And one day the kings, the gentile kings of the great region away came in and took Lot and his children, his wife, and all that he had and escape with them. And someday, my frail friend, if you don't stay under the blood, the kingdoms of Satan will overtake you and carry you away &gt;&gt; if you don't stay under the blood. And Abraham, a type of the just, he was so concerned about his statue, a representative of the real true Christian that's tested and tried and been proven. Now, the women had a lot to do with it. Lot's wife was carnal, very carnal. She stands today in the fields there as a pillar of salt, as a disgrace to those who passed by. Sarah, a beautiful woman, she wanted to do what God wanted her to do. &gt;&gt; She respected her husband as we spoke so definitely on that last evening. And she stayed with Abraham &gt;&gt; regardless of what come or went. She stayed with him because he stayed with the promise. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's the thing. Then when Lot was passed away, Abraham's heart went for him and he gathered the army of his own servant and went after his brother and a very beautiful type. They tucked their swords and shot those kings down till there was not one of them left. And that's the type of the gospel preachers. When he sees that sin has caught his church and caught the people, he takes the blessed old gospel, the sword of the spirit and he chops it and chops it until he cuts out sin from his chest. If he's a true servant of God, &gt;&gt; he removes all the nonsense, the tattling, the backbiting. He moves all of the things and con natures of the world that's creeped into the church as he's a true servant of God. He takes the word and chops it from one side to the other until he cut everything out. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And then when he had got lost his backslidden brothers and the children and he was bringing them back to reconciliation. Amen. Notice this great king comes down from Jerusalem. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And then Melzdc. What type of man was that? He was called the king of Salem, which any scholar knows that Salem was Jerusalem. It was called Salem before it was called Jerusalem. Who was this man that met that thought he'd taken the right step? WHO WAS this person that stood by him? Watch who he is. He is the king of Jerusalem and he's also the king of peace. Third verse, without fathers, &gt;&gt; without mothers, without descent, without beginning of days or without ending of life. &gt;&gt; Who was this great prince? &gt;&gt; THAT NAME AFTER THE BATTLE was over. Let's turn over to Genesis the 14th verse, the 14th chapter and the 18th verse. And Melazdc, king of Salem, brought forth bread and wine. &gt;&gt; Blessed and said, blessed be THE MOST HIGH GOD, PRESERVER OF HEAVENS AND EARTH. AMEN, &gt;&gt; and blessed be Abraham who is his servant. After the battle was over, &gt;&gt; after the victory was won, &gt;&gt; after the clearance had been made, Melzdc left Abraham on the plane and brought bread and wine &gt;&gt; and turned it to him. and who no other was back than the one that made Abraham about a year later sat under the tree and talked to him. And this same bell said, "I will take no more of the fruit of the vine until I fake it and do with you in my father's kingdom after." When the victory is won, then we'll take it a new in his &gt;&gt; hallelujah. When the last battle is fought, when the last door have killed the last evil of the world and the great church of the living God, &gt;&gt; Christ will meet them in THE AIR WITH THE fire and for eternity in the presence of the father. Oh weary pilgrim tonight. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Come back to the father's house. &gt;&gt; Come up out of Sodom. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You've been reconciled by the blood &gt;&gt; and this glorious memorial night when our great bel who had no beginning of days or ending of life but is a king and a prince FOREVER AND FOREVER. &gt;&gt; AMEN. The Holy Spirit here tonight is a ruing to the uneem. Now, if you're without Christ tonight and when the battle is over, if you want to meet him in peace and take the communion with him and you promise that you love him and separate yourself from the things of the world, &gt;&gt; take the OLD RUGGED GOSPEL IN THE OLD FASHIONED RUGGED way &gt;&gt; and drink the cup of the persecution of the world &gt;&gt; and drinking the bitter drugs of persecution of the world. IT'S GIVEN TO US BY THE BIBLE THAT WE'LL drink the sweet wines of heaven someday when we need a peace on earth between the heavens and earth when it comes to serve the communion. &gt;&gt; May our hearts think this over. I'll drink it and do with you in my father's kingdom. If he should come before another Easter comes, if you should die before another Easter comes, it will not prevent that great event. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; For I say by the word of the Lord that those which are sleeping in Christ shall come forth first, &gt;&gt; and we which are alive and remain shall be caught up with them together in the air to meet the Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; And the great Melchzdc of heaven, the king of not the natural Jerusalem, but the king OF THE HEAVENLY JERUSALEM, the new Jerusalem will meet us and will be served again. The wine and the bread. &gt;&gt; Tonight, we are to take the symbols of this. We are to do it till we find him coming again. May we be found faithful as we bow our heads just a moment for a word of prayer. &gt;&gt; Everyone just as quiet as possible in this most solemn holy moment. How easy is it to let these things slip? The Bible said, "Lest we should let those things slip and neglect such a great salvation." It's so easy to forget it. We do not come to church to be seen. We do not come to hear good singing or a good sermon. We come to church to worship, to worship God. And each one of us are mortal beings that's got a soul that's got to meet him someday. And on the eve of this great crucifixion day in commemoration of his going away tonight. If you're not a Christian, have never accepted Christ in your life as savior. Are you convinced enough by the preaching of the word? And is the Holy Spirit standing near you to say you're guilty? Now turn and start the other way. Would you declare the same by raising up your hands, saying, "Brother Brandon, pray for me. I now solicit your prayers that God will be merciful to me." &gt;&gt; Would you raise your hand while we're waiting? God bless you sir. Someone else. God bless you. God bless you sir. God bless you little one. God bless you with someone. God bless you lady. You say brother Brandham does that mean anything to raise my hand? What's the difference between death and life? What's any greater than life? You love. You look at nature. You love it. You hate to go away from it. just across the street there when my brother's wife was dying one morning many years ago when poor little Ruth raised up her head and there's a robin sitting in a cherry tree and she wanted to see it one more time how she loved nature but someday when Jesus comes she'll hear the birds of eternity singing the flowers in marvel will be growing. There will be no sickness, sorrow or death because she made her peace with God and accepted the great Christ who died for her with this blessed assurance who cannot fail. The blessed word of God who cannot lie promised eternal life to those who believe. When you raise your hand, it shows that a spirit inside of you has made a decision. God bless you, ladies. Something in you, a a spirit by nature, your arms is made to hang down. And when you raise your hand, you defy the very laws of gravitation. It has to be supernatural. It's a it's against science scientific against all scientific things for you to break the laws of gravitation. It cannot be done unless there is something supernatural. Your arms would continually hang down. But if in your heart you believe the gospel story and have made your decision this night that you're through with sin and on this beautiful approach to Calvary when tomorrow at 3:00 in commemoration we celebrate the day when Jesus died for your salvation. and you think enough of it and the Holy Spirit has come and knocked at your heart and you've now accepted it. You just something in your heart says raise your hand. That shows to the people and to God that you believe it and accept it. God bless you. All you little children, three or four of them here on the altar, little boys and girls about 18 years old, they all put up their hands at one time. Jesus said, "Suffer, little children, to come unto me. Forbid them not, for such is the kingdom." Is there another before we pray? God bless you, lady. That's a real You might have done many things, lady, in life that was real. I believe you to be an honest woman. And remember, you could not have put up your hand, sister dear, unless something inside you, something way down in you said, "Do that." It may seem just a little foolish now to the carnal mind, but brother, on that day when the doctor walks away from the door and says, "It's finished." When he goes away from that wreck and pulls that little body of yours out, the bloods are going away and your heart's a pain. There's no need of fooling with them. They're gone. Oh my. and frantically and wild you'll kind of repent and God said in your calamities I can only laugh. But while you're staying in your right mind, Father, as we bring this message to the close and a harvest of about 15 people raising their hand that's been sinners all their lives and now by grace you have spoke to them. turn them right around and let them face Calvary. And hearing them words come from the lips of the Son of God, "Father, forgive them. They didn't know what they were doing, but tonight they have received the gospel." We hear him say a few days prior of this, "He that heareth my words and believeth on him that sent me hath everlasting life, and shall not come into the judgment, but pass from death to life. We present them to thee tonight, Lord, as thy children. May thy eternal blessings rest upon them in Christ's name we pray. May they come Sunday morning packing their clothes saying, "I desire to make a public confession to this world that I am a believer. I am now desiring to be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, calling upon him to fill me with the Holy Spirit and care for me through life. Bless these young women, these young men, the age, the little children and all. Care for them, Father. They are yours and in the fruits of this message tonight, I present them to you as the attributes &gt;&gt; and they are in your hand as love gifts from God the Father. I pray that you will care for them through life. In Jesus name I pray. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. We are very happy to have you here tonight and we are glad that you come. And tomorrow night our message is tomorrow night on the perfection of the believer. And now come bring someone with you if your own church doesn't have services. And now we are going to have the communion. Maybe some of you I'm just uh a little teeny bit late a few minutes and we're going to dismiss those who have to go and those who wish to stay to take the communion and footwashing with us. We believe and absolutely doing every article that Jesus left for us to do. And if he shall come in my generation and will let me stay in my right mind and keep his love in my heart, I'll be trying my best to do every one of them and be found faithful at the post. God bless you. Now, thank the Lord for the word tonight. Amen. Let's sing that song, Longing, Longing for Jesus. As we prepare to go to the word and the brothers bring the elements, you'd stand with me and turn in Corinthians 11. Let's sing that. All glory Jesus. I am looking in my heart for you. us to be near him. Amen. Amen. I am longing. Yeah. Amen. Is that your desire? Amen. In moments like these, I sing out a song. Sing out a love song to Jesus. In moments like these, I lift up my hands. I lift up my hands to the Lord with all your heart sing I love you Lord singing I love you Lord Lord, sing of you, oh Lord, oh I love love love you. 1 Corinthians 11 verse 23. For I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you, that the Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed, took bread, and when he had given thanks, he broke it and said, "Take, eat. This is my body which is broken for you. This do in remembrance of me." After the same manner also he took the cup when he had sucked, saying, "This cup is the new testament in my blood. This do ye as oft as you drink it in remembrance of me. For as often as you eat this bread and drink this cup, you do show the Lord's death till he come. Wherefore whosoever shall eat this bread and drink this cup of the Lord unworthily shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord. But let a man examine himself, and so let him eat of that bread and drink of that cup. For he that eateth and drinkketh unworthily eateth and drinkkeeth damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body. For this cause many are weak and sickly among you. Many sleep. For if we would judge ourselves, we should not be judged. But when we are judged, we are chasen of the Lord that we should not be condemned with the world. Wherefore my brethren, when you come together to eat, tarry one for another. And if any any man hunger, let him eat at home that you come not together unto condemnation, and the rest will I set in order when I come. And brother Bannam says that Terry means to wait. And so just for a few moments of silent prayer, you pray for me, I'll pray for you, and pray for the one next to you, in front of you, behind you as we um uh pray and wait. Heavenly Father, in my hands I hold the bread that was made for this service, Lord. It's a type of your body that was shed. It represents your body. It is not your literal body, Lord, as we heard tonight, but as we partake of it, Lord Jesus, in commemoration, Father, that shows that we are actually under the blood. And we thank you. May you bless it for this service. We pray in Jesus' name. Amen. Heavenly Father, in my hands I hold the cup of the New Testament of your blood. Your blood that was shed for us at Calvary. Lord, we ask that you would bless it. Bless the cup and those that partake of it. May they receive the blessings that comes with this service, Lord. Lord, we know this is a fellowship as the prophet taught us. It's also healing, Lord. &gt;&gt; And we claim that we need a touch in our bodies, Lord. We need a touch in our spirit, Lord. Heal us, we pray. Just not just naturally, Lord, but physically and spiritually, Lord, bless us, we pray, sanctify this cup, we ask in Jesus' name. God bless you. You may be seated. Follow the directions. Usher Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. this portion of bread that remains for we burnt with fire before the rising of the sun. Let us stand and take our Bibles and turn to St. John chapter 13. supper being ended, the devil having now put into the heart of Judas Scariot, Simon's son, to betray him. Verse three, Jesus knowing that the Father had given all things into his hands and that he was come from God. He went to God. He rise from supper. He laid aside his garments. He took a towel and girded himself. After that, he poured water into a basin and began to wash the disciples feet and to wipe them with the towel wherewith he girded. He was girded. Then cometh he to Simon Peter. And Peter saith unto him,"Lord, dust thou wash my feet?" Jesus answered and said unto him, "What I do, thou knowest not now, but thou shalt know hereafter." Peter said unto him, "Thou shalt never wash my feet." Jesus answered him, "If I wash thee not, thou has no part with me." Simon Peter saith unto him, Lord, not my feet only, but also my hands and my head. Jesus said to him, "He that is washed needeth not saved to wash his feet, but is clean every wit, and ye are clean, but not all." We see the importance of foot washing, don't we? Verse 11, for he knew who should betray him. Therefore said he, "Ye are not all clean." So after he had washed their feet, had taken his garment, and was sat down again, he said unto them, "Know ye what I have done to you? You call me Master and Lord?" You say, "Well, for so I am. By then your Lord and Master have washed your feet. You also ought to wash one another's feet. For I have given you an example, that ye should do as I have done to you. Verily, verily, I say unto you, the servant is not greater than his Lord, neither he that is sent greater than he that sent him. If you know these things, happy are ye if you do them. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, may God add a blessing to the reading of his word. Thank you for those scriptures. I left my glasses in the back, so I really needed that tonight. And um just a word of announcement. Next week Sunday, Brother Bill Lingard will be with us ministering here in the city. And so we pray for that. And also uh keep one another in prayer. And so we want to sing that song. Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. The brothers will remain in the sanctuary. The sisters go over there to footwash singing, "Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. You have done what this world could not do. Save my soul. You save my soul. I was lost. Surely been good to me. You saved my soul. I was lost. Surely being good to me. You have saved my soul. I was lost. Surely being good to me. You have done what this world could not do. Fill me. You fill me with the Holy Ghost. surely been good to me, Lord. You filled me with the Holy Ghost. Surely been good to me. You have filled me with the Holy Ghost. Surely been good to me. You have done what this world could not do. Lord, Lord, oh Lord, Lord, Lord, surely be good to me. Lord, oh Lord, surely be good to me. Singing Lord, oh you surely been good to me. You have done what this world could not do. Hallelujah. God bless you. You dismiss your sisters, your brothers. God bless you. Amen. I thank the Lord. We'll sing a couple songs. Brother John, come and close out, I think. Create in me a clean heart and renew the right spirit in me. Let's stand and sing that. Create in me clean heart, oh God, and renew the right spirit within me. Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew the right spirit within me. Ooh, and cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord. Take the Holy Spirit from me, Lord. Restore unto me all of the joy thy salvation and renew the rock spirit within me. Oh, created me. Created me a clean heart. Oh God, and renew the right spirit. Amen. Oh, create me a clean heart, oh God, and renew the right spirit within me. Cast me not away, and cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord, and take not thy holy spirit from me. From me. Restore. Hallelujah. All of the joy thy salvation and renew the right spirit within me not away from thy presence, oh Lord. Take not thy holy spirit from me. Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation. and renew a right spirit within me. There's another song. Sister Sharon, do you know that song? Unto thee, O Lord. Unto thee, O Lord, do I lift up my soul. Unto thee, oh Lord. Do I lift up my soul, oh my God, I trust in thee. Oh, let me not be ashamed. Let on my enemies triumph over me. Let on that weight. Yay, let on that way. Only thee be ashamed. Yeah, they're none thy way. Only the be ashamed. Oh my God, I trust in thee. Oh, let me not be ashamed. Let all my enemies sham over thee. Yeah, let none that way. On thee be ashamed. Yeah, let none that way. On thee be ashamed. Oh my God, I trust in thee. Let me not be ashamed. Let not my eneies triumph over thee. Is there another verse that we sing with this? Show me thy ways. Thy ways, oh Lord. Show me thy ways. Thy ways, oh Lord, oh my God, I trust in thee. Let me not be ashamed. Let not my enemies triumph over me. Let's sing that first verse one more time. Unto thee. Under thee, oh Lord, do I lift up my soul. Under thee, oh Lord, do I lift up my soul. Oh my God, I trust in thee. Let me not be ashamed that all my eneies triumph over thee. Let's sing that song. There's never been a day like this day. Brother Chuck, if you come and dismiss us tonight. There has never been a day like this day to me. There has never been a day like this day I see. There has never been a light that shines so bright as this day. this glorious day. Thank you. Oh yes, Lord. We're grateful for this day, Father, for the revelation of the truth of God. Lord, you shine the light on our pathway, Lord God, by your grace. Lord, nothing we've done, we're unworthy children. But Lord God, we wholly lean upon thee tonight. And we thank you so much for your amazing grace in our lives, Lord, for allowing us to come out to the house of the Lord tonight, Lord, to worship you, to hear your precious word of life, Father, to partake of these elements and do as we've been taught, Lord, by you personally, Lord Jesus. to take the communion, Lord, to take the elements to wash the feet of the saints. And Father, we're grateful, Lord Jesus, to to recognize that it's still important, Father. We thank you for our precious pastor, Brother Israel. Lord, ask you' bless him, Father. And his family, Lord, just be with each one that's come out tonight, Lord God. May you bless us each as we go our separate ways. And father, may we always, Lord, take you with us wherever we go, Father. And whatever we do, Lord, just want you to be the center of our lives. Father, bless your children now, we pray as we dismiss in Jesus name. Amen. Glorious day. Sing that again. Oh, there has never been a day like this day to me. There has never been a day like this day. I sing. There has never been a light that shines so bright as this day. This glory must stay. We'll walk in the light. Such a beautiful life. Walk where the dew drops of mercy are bright. Shine all around us by day and by night. Jesus, he's the light of the world. No walk in the light, the beautiful light. Walk where the dew drops of mercy are bright. Shine all around us by day and by night. Jesus the light of the world. One more time before you go. Oh, I'm going to walk in the light. The beautiful light. Shine where the dew drops of mercy are bright. Shine all around us by day and by night. Jesus the light of the world. Amen. You're dismissed if you'd like to go. Well, what a wonderful change in my life has been wrought since Jesus came into my heart. Oh, I have thy in my soul. For which long I have sought since Jesus came into my heart. Since Jesus came into my heart. Oh, since Jesus came into my heart. Oh, floods of joy for my soul like the sea billows rose since Jesus came into my heart. Oh, I have ceased from my wondering and going astray since Jesus came into my heart and my sins which were many are now washed away since Jesus came into my heart. Since Jesus came into my heart. Oh, since Jesus came into my heart, floods of joy on my soul. Like the sea billows roll since Jesus came into my heart. And there's a light in the valley of death now for me. Since Jesus came into my heart and the gates of that city beyond, I can sing. Since Jesus came into my heart. Since Jesus came into my heart. Since Jesus came into my heart. Oh, floods of joy for my soul. Like a sea billows roll since Jesus came into my heart. heart and I shall go there to dwell in that city I know since Jesus came into my heart and I'm happy so happy as onward I go since Jesus came into my heart since Jesus came into my heart. Oh, since Jesus came into my heart, blood and joy on my soul like the sea billows rose since Jesus came into my heart. Now I'm possessed of a hope that is steadfast and sure since Jesus came into my heart and no dark clouds of doubt my pathway obscure since Jesus came into my heart. Since Jesus came into my heart. Oh, since Jesus came into my heart. Oh, floods of joy through my soul. Like the same billows roll since Jesus came into my heart. And every day with Jesus is sweeter than the day before. Every day with Jesus, oh, I love him more and more. Jesus saves and keeps me. Oh, he's the one I'm waiting for. Every day with Jesus. Oh, it's sweeter than the day before. Yes. Every day with Jesus. It's sweeter than the day before. Every day with Jesus. Oh, I love him more and more. Jesus saves and keeps me. And he's the one I'm waiting for. Every day with Jesus is sweeter than the day before. Yes. Every day with Jesus is sweeter than the day before. Every day with Jesus, I love him more and more. Jesus saves and keeps me. He's the one I'm waiting for. Every day with Jesus is sweeter than the day before. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Uh-huh.
