################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-14 - The Sovereignty of God - Pastor Brother Israel Powe -,121425 - Israel Powe.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-12-14
Title:   The Sovereignty of God - Pastor Brother Israel Powe -,12/14/25
Speaker: Israel Powe
Church:  Shalom Tabernacle Tucson
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1BnowKec_2U
========================================

about that name. Amen. Kings and kingdoms. Kings and kingoms shall all pass away. But there's something about that name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. It's good to be in the house of God this morning. &gt;&gt; For me, it's good to be anywhere. &gt;&gt; I don't know if some of you know, but I've been pretty sick this past week. Thanks to the prayers of the people and the word of God, I I have received my healing. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Still a little weak and shaky, so y'all pray for me. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Also, let's pray for brother Israel. A continuous prayer in his family. I'm sure the enemy continues to buffet, the family of our pastor and every pastor. On top of that, every man of God receives rebuke and as accusations, lies. all lies. Amen. I had a prayer request here for from Sister Annabelle and Lord help me. I don't know what where it went. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's keep Brother Roland and Sister Denell in prayer. Sister, you put it up here. I saw it, but I lost it. Anyway, the Lord knows the prayer request before we ask it anyway. And what does the word say? Before we call, he shall answer. Amen. Do we have any other spoken prayer requests, Sister Christina? Okay. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. The Lord is able. &gt;&gt; Brother Steve's dead. Okay. Sister Christina, we have any um unspoken you'd like to be known by the uplift of hands. Amen. The Lord sees the hands. Let's just bow our hearts. Hear me. Heavenly Father, oh God, truly we are thankful, Lord, not only that we can be here, oh Lord, but that we have the faith to know, oh God, that you are with us. Lord, you said you would never leave us nor forsake us. We stand, oh God, on the promise of your word, the power therein, oh God, the leading, the guiding, the anointing of thy Holy Spirit. Lord, we pray, oh God, for our pastor and his family, Lord. Bless and lift them up daily, oh God. Anoint them, oh Lord, by thy Holy Spirit that they would be truly one in thee. Father, we pray for Sister Christina, Lord, that just got out of the hospital and is in a lot of pain. Lord, Father, we pray, oh God, that you would not only heal her, Lord, but relieve the pain from her body, Lord. Lord, also from Brother Steve's father. Lord, we don't know what the need is, but you know the beginning from the end, oh Lord. Lord. And that is why we look to Jesus, the author and the finisher of our faith, the alpha and the omega. Oh God. Father, remember, oh Lord, brother Roland, Lord, Sister Denell, oh God, that prayer request, oh Lord, that the every infirmity would be healed and every need would be fulfilled. Father, we pray oh God for the hands raised for the unspoken requests Lord whatever they might be Lord Lord for salvation of family for finances for healing Lord whatever the problem whatever the question you are the answer father we lay all these needs, oh God, at thy sacrificial altar, that they may be consumed, Lord. Oh Lord, we thank you. Pray, oh Lord, that you would have your way this morning. Bless the remainder of the service. Bless and anoint your minister, oh God, as he would rightly divide thy word. Father, we ask these blessings in the holy name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. There's something about that name. Master and Savior, Lord Jesus. Like a fragrance after the rain. Lord Jesus, my Jesus. Oh Jesus. Hallelujah. Let all heaven and earth proclaimed. Kings and kingdoms shall all pass away. But there's something about that name. Amen. Kings and kingdoms. Kings and kingdoms will all pass away. But there's something about that name. Amen. What key are we in, sister? Oh, perfect. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me, bless his holy name. Number 438 in the chorus book. Bless the Lord. Oh my soul and all that is within me. Bless his holy name. For he hath done great things. &gt;&gt; He hath done great things. He had done great things. He hath done great things. This is holy. Hey baby, bless the Lord. Bless the Lord. Bless the Lord. Oh my soul and all that is within me bless his holy name. Bless the Lord. Bless the Lord. Oh my soul and all that is within me, bless his holy name. For he have done great things. He hath done great things. He hath done great things. He hath done great things. Bless his holy name. He have done great things. He has done great things. Amen. He has done great things. He have done great things. Bless the name. Amen. Amen. We have one additional prayer request for Glenn Tomlinson, right? Oh, this is immediate. He was just taken to the hospital. Amen. Let's let's take a moment to ask the Lord prayer. Amen. And heavenly father, we thank you, oh God. Lord, that you have made a a need of thy child known to us, oh God, Lord, that we may step in the breach, oh God. Hallelujah. Lord, for brother Glenn Tomlinson, Lord, Lord, you know his heart, you know his life, you know his walk. Oh God, increase his faith, oh God, that he would receive thy healing, Father, in Jesus Christ's holy name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. While we're still standing, let's go ahead and take up an offering before we continue with the song service. Brother Ardo, take care. Amen. Father, we thank you, Lord, that you have instructed us in your word, oh Lord, how to handle thy finances, Lord. Oh God, you said, "Bring the tithes into the warehouse that there will be meat for my people, oh God." Lord, you told us. Prove me now. Oh God. Lord, you are worthy. Lord, you are able to bring down a blessing, oh God, so much that we won't even be able to contain it. Bless, oh God, these tithes and offerings. May they be used in thy service and thy service alone. In Jesus Christ's holy name we pray. Amen. While he's doing that, let's sing uh words of life. Stay in E flat. It's number uh I can't see. Number 674. Y'all keep praying for me cuz my eyes are watering, my nose is running, and I'm hot and cold at the same time. Sing them over again to me. Wonderful words of life. Let me more of the beauty. Seek wonderful words of life. Words of life and beauty teach me faith and beauty. Beautiful words. Wonderful words. Wonderful words of life. Beautiful. You may be seated. Wonderful words, wonderful words of life. Christ the blessed one gives to all wonderful words of life. Sinless to the loving all. Wonderful words of life. G, wooing us to heaven. Beautiful words. Wonderful words. Wonderful words of life. Beautiful wordsful words. Wonderful words of life. Sweetly echo the gospel call. Wonderful words of life. Offer pardon and peace to all. Wonderful words of life. The holy savior sanctify forever. Beautiful words. Wonderful words. Wonderful words of life. Beautiful words. Wonderful words. Wonderful words of life. Amen. Beautiful words. Beautiful words. Wonderful words. Wonderful words of life. Beautiful words. Wonderful words. Wonderful words of life. Just any day now. Our Lord is coming. He'll be returning. Amen. For you and you and me. So I'll keep watching and I'll be waiting just now his face out. Just any day now our Lord is coming. Amen. He'll be returning for you and me. So I'll keep watching and I'll keep waiting. Just any day now. In this house. Amen. Just any day now. Just any day now. Our Lord is come. Looking forward to that day. You'll be returning for you and you and me. So I'll keep watching and I'll keep waiting. Just in day now his face I'll see. Amen. What a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God we serve. Amen. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. Amen. What a mighty God. What a mighty God we serve. Angels bow before him and heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. Amen. Jesus is the God. Jesus is the God we serve. Oh Jesus is the God we serve. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. Jesus is a God we serve. Amen. What a mighty God. What a mighty God we a mighty God we serve. We serve. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. Amen. All hail King Jesus. All hell. Thank you, brother Steve. King of kings, Lord of lords, bright morning star. And throughout eternity, I'm going to praise you. And forever more I will reign with him. Amen. All hell king Jesus. All hell king Jesus. All hell. King of kings, Lord of lords, bright morning star. And throughout eternity, I've gone to praise him. And forever more I will reign with him. Amen. Do you love him this morning? Amen. Amen. Even though we are not worthy because he first loved us. Amen. Sister Dorcas, would you share a special with us this morning? El Ian Constant pray foreign to spear to me to call us. Last the pray to Last Constantine. to the len. to men. They last to fair. God bless. Amen. Praise the Lord in any language. &gt;&gt; Amen. And we only need one anyway. That's the Lord's language. &gt;&gt; Pray in the spirit. As the spirit gives utterance, it comes out of our mouth. So sometimes, and this is scriptural, sometimes we don't know exactly what we're saying as we give utterance, but then the Lord shall provide understanding. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. The time threw me off because you guys started it a little bit different. So, I'm gonna keep singing a little bit. You want to sing his praises? &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's just sing a few praise songs, little choruses. He's never failed me yet. We can stay in Eflat or go to heaven or whatever is easier. He never failed me yet. Never failed me yet. Jesus love has never failed me. Just praise him. Here's one thing I know that where I go, Jesus love has never failed me. Yeah. Amen. Never failed me yet. Never failed me yet. Never failed me. Jesus love has never failed me. It's one thing I know that wherever I go, Jesus has never failed me. Yeah. Amen. Let's turn to number 675 in the course book. Sister, it doesn't give a key. So, we'll figure it out as we go. At Calvary, years I spent in vanity and pride, caring that my Lord was cruel. It's my testimony. Amen. He He died on Calary. Thirsty there was bread and praise was free. heart and there was multiplied to all day our burden soul found liberty at Calary by God's word at last my sin ah amen then I trembled at the Thought I spir till my guilty till my guilt is sold implor. for return to Calary. Amen. Mercy. See, there was great and grace was free. Heart in there multiplied to all day. My bird soul found liberty at Cal. Now I've given. Amen. Now I've given to Jesus everything. Yes, Lord. Now I'm gladly on him as my king. My king. Now my raptured soul glad. Oh the s of calary. Mercy there. See there was grace grace was free heart and there was brought to life to me all day my bird soul found liberty at calary. Oh the love. Oh, the love that salvation plan. Oh, oh, the grace that brought it down to. Oh, the mighty golf that God did at heaven and mercy. See there was great praise was free and there was multip soul found liberty there see there was Great and grace was free. Pardon there was multiplied to me. There my burden so found never at Cal. Amen. That is where we look to every moment of every day. &gt;&gt; We look to Calvary &gt;&gt; where he shed his blood on the cross for my sin. Amen. Amen. As we change the order of the service, let's just sing that little song. Amazing grace. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that sing a rich like me. Amen. I once was lost, but now I'm found. Was blind, but now I see. Was grace that taught. was grace that taught my heart to fear and grace my fears really. How precious is that grace appear? I first believed. Amen. Through many dangers, dangerous falls and snares. I have already come to his grace that brought me safe and grace will He home when we've been there. Amen. And we bend the 10 thous we know less days to sing God's praise that will be first beun. Amen. Let's just sing praise God as our pastor is coming. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise Hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Even when we've been there, did we been there? Thou sun bright shine as the sun bless days to sing God's praise And will we first beun? Amen. First verse. Amazing grace. A how sweet the sound. a rich like me. I once I once was lost, but now I'm found. was blind but now I see. Amen. God bless you, saints. So good to be in the house of the Lord with you uh this morning. How many are happy you be here? God bless you richly. Amen. God's been so good to us. There's a lot of places we could be, but it's so good to be in the house of the Lord uh praising the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And there's none like him. Amen. Let us pray as we approach. Our Lord Jesus, we come to you today thanking you for your grace and your mercy. Oh Lord, we ask you to speak to our hearts and what we have need of this morning. Lord, forgive us of our frailties and our shortcomings. &gt;&gt; Forgive us for our willful disobedience, our unbelief, Lord. Oh God, have mercy upon us. We pray. Bless every heart that's gathered here this morning. Those that desire to be here, they can't. I pray you'll bless them as well. It's our heart's desire, Lord, is to be pleasing to you. Everything that we would say or do, Lord, and we commit our ways to you now. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. So, God bless each of you. Amen. While while you're standing, we'll go right into the word of the Lord. I don't really recognize the city of Mesa during the daytime. I was on my way here to church and I passed it by and I was like, "This doesn't look right." So, I had to make a U-turn and come back because it's normally coming I'm coming here in the night. But, we're so happy to be here with you, the saints of the most high God. Amen. Amen. In the scriptures, we'll take uh two places and um I'd like to read a Psalms 135 if we could as a class. I'll read the first verse and then you read the second verse. Alternate the verses. And then when we get to the last verse, Psalms 135, we get to the last verse, verse 21. We'll read that all together. Amen. When you have that, you can say, "Amen." &gt;&gt; Still hear some pages turning. Wait just a little bit. Yeah. Psalms 135. Praise ye the Lord. Praise ye the name of the Lord. Praise him, oh ye servants of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord, for the Lord is good. Sing praises unto his name, for it is pleasant. For I know that the Lord is great and that our Lord is above all gods. &gt;&gt; He caus the vapors to ascend from the ends of the earth. He maketh lightning for the rain. He bringeth the wind out of his treasuries. &gt;&gt; Who sent tokens and wonders in the midst of thee, oh Egypt, upon Pharaoh, and upon all his servants, &gt;&gt; king of the Amorites, Og, king of Bashan, and all the kingdoms of Canaan, Thy name, O Lord, endureth forever, and thy memorial, O Lord, throughout all generations. &gt;&gt; The idols of the heathen are silver and gold, the work of men's hands. They have ears, but they hear not. Neither is there any breath in their mouths. &gt;&gt; Bless the Lord of O house of Israel. Bless the Lord, oh house of Aon. altogether. Blessed be the Lord of our Zion, which dwelleth at Jerusalem. Praise ye the Lord. Amen. Thank God for his word. Verse six says, "Whatsoever the Lord pleased, that did he in heaven and in earth and in the seas and deep places." He did what he pleased to do. in the scripture. We'll take one more in Romans chapter number eight, verse number 28. And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are called according to his purpose. For whom he did forno, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son, that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. Moreover, whom he did predestinate, them he also called. Whom he called, them he also justified. Whom he justified, them he also glorified. Verse 31, Romans 8:31. What shall we then say to these things? If God be before us, who can be against us? &gt;&gt; Amen. One more scripture just to seal it up in Isaiah chapter number 45 verses 5 and 6. Isaiah 45 vers number five. Sorry. When you have that, you can say, "Amen." Isaiah 45. Let me get it. Old Testament verses number five and six. I am the Lord. There is none else. There is no God besides me. I girded thee, though thou hast not known me. That they may know from the rising of the sun from the west that there is none besides me. I am the Lord and there is none else. Amen. I'm going to take for a title this morning the sovereignty of God. &gt;&gt; The sovereignty of God. How many you know that God is sovereign? &gt;&gt; You know that word sovereign means supreme authority with no high higher power, no equal, no accountability to another. God is sovereign. May God bless his word. You may be seated. And talking about this sovereignty of God in Psalms 135 that we read there, it says that they make their own gods. These people and those idols, they are of silver and gold. They have mouths but they can't speak, eyes, but they can't see. They have ears but they hear not. They have no breath in them. And the people that make them are just like them. That's what he says. The people that make these idols are just like their idol. Ears can't hear, eyes can't see, no breath. There is no God but our God. And thinking of this uh sovereignty of God on Wednesday uh passed this earlier this week, Tuesday or Wednesday, something like that. I was in prayer just praying and this little subject came up on my mind or the thought was the um how each of us need a move of God in our life and we need a sovereign move of God and I begin to think I bless you sister Carpenter it's good to see you always and each of you I begin to think to myself if All of the churches in the city of Tucson, there's roughly 15 or so churches as far as I know, were to get together, Brother Steve, and um find one main goal that they would stand behind. Um what kind of a power would that release? Would that be a good thing or a bad thing? If all of the churches, all of the 15 churches, the pastors, just the pastors alone were to get together and on the table, brother Ezekiel, was one truth that we could all stand for and stand behind. And let's say that truth was that every member of our assemblies needs the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Would that be a bad thing or a good thing? Some of y'all afraid to answer. Or maybe it's just Mesa. It's a Mesa morning. You guys are quiet on the Mesa mornings. Would that be a good thing or a bad thing? &gt;&gt; I think it'd be a good thing. It almost kind of warms your heart to think of it, too. But is it going to happen? No, it's not going to happen until God makes it happen. And God in his sovereignty has to make something like that take place. As much as I would will for it, as much as I would desire it, and even members in every one of those assemblies would even agree with me that it would be a good thing, it would be beneficial, will actually do better than um than we're doing right now. It's still not going to happen unless a sovereign move takes place. And I was thinking, I gave this example on Wednesday. I was thinking about, you know, these pigeons in the city. You know, a pigeon is kind of a nuisance bird and there's hundreds and thousands of them in the city and you'll see one hawk chasing an entire flock of pigeons and he'll swoop through there and they all scatter. And I thought, man, if those pigeons would just get together, they can form an alliance and defeat their common enemy. They could. They would defeat that that hawk. But will they do it? No. Why? Because they have a pigeon brain. They're pigeons. That's how they think. Pigeons will fight with one another while they're all running from the enemy. They'll argue and fight as they're being chased together. But they're way outnumbered than their enemy. And me uh more intellectual than a pigeon, higher form than a pigeon. I can sit and look at the numbers and say if all of these pigeons would just form a general simple alliance against their enemy, they would defeat it. But they won't do it. They can't do it because they're pigeons. It would have to be something supernatural happened to those birds for them to align like that. And as I was thinking about this, this is the the one of the quotes that really dealt with me on this was in the message trying to do God a service without it being his will. He says this here. Now, first of all, I want to thank you all for being here. I know it's you guys put a little extra effort to come. Uh you Saints, you know, you streamed the service in Tucson and we certainly appreciate that. We don't, you know, the people that come are the ones that want to come and you that come, God bless you. And Stevie, I don't give him enough uh in art. I don't appreciate you all enough, but God bless you. And every time you sing a song, it helps and it blesses the service. Appreciate Brother Craig and all of you. Amen. &gt;&gt; Can we give the Lord a hand a praise? Was that for the Lord or for what was that for? Can we give Can we give the Lord a hand of praise the Lord? And I give the Lord a hand of praise the Lord in your life. So God bless you. We certainly appreciate you. I would love to be here more with you, but I'm here this morning. So, God bless you. Now, Brother Random takes this message in um trying to do God a service without it being his will. And he makes this statement paragraph 117. He says, "I was discussing with a group of my fine brothers, Baptist brethren, not long ago, and they said, Brother Brandham, we can only have a revival when we take the word word by word, page by page, letter by letter." And I said, "I believe too, page by page." He said, I said, "They've been trying to do that all along." He said, 'But we must find the Greek interpretation of the word, what the Greek says. I said, I haven't read too much, but reading the history of the church and the Nia council and the piasa council, the Nasa fathers and so forth, they were arguing back there about the Greek. That's 2,000 years ago. One said it means this, one said it means that. The Greek word means this. Just like our language, we use the word sea. You would see you could mean a body of water. You can mean understand many things. Bored. Bore a hole. Make a walk. Or you you bored me. You pay my board. It can mean many things. And those little vowels and so forth just change the whole meaning. So you'll never do it like that. God wrote it like that and all of the word is inspired and he said I thank thee father thou has hid these things from the wise and prudent and will reveal amen to babes such as we'll learn. It's a revelation of him as I said last evening will reveal it to babes. I said it won't work sir. I said a revival will never come until God, the sovereign God sends it. Then he might take up a little nitwit that can can't even sign his name and do it with it that that that knows not even good English, let alone Greek. That's what he done done in the time with Peter preached at Pentecost. You know, he couldn't even sign his name. Ignorant, unlearned. But God does things in such a strange way to our intellectual thinking that makes it God. If he's got a bunch of theologians and dignitaries and so forth, they said that smart kphosis. You see, they would say that he had it just right. But God went down and got a fisherman that couldn't even sign their name. That's what he took. That's God. He takes something that's nothing and makes something out of it to honor to to his own honor. He takes chaos and makes an Eden. Now, if there's anybody got the mechanics for a revival, it's our noble brother Billy Graham. But the mechanics is all right, but the mechanics won't move it. It takes the dynamics to move it. You can build an automobile, put fine seats in it, make fine pistons, prove by science what it can do, but unless the dynamics is there, she's just a dead piece of goods. How many know that's the truth? You know, if God don't move, there will be no move. Now, men can do things. They can say things. They can try to orchestrate things. They can put themsel in position for God to do things. But you are not going to make God do anything before he wants to do anything. &gt;&gt; That is just the truth. Why? Because he's sovereign. He's the sovereign God. He doesn't answer to no one. He doesn't concur or agree with or try to get some people on his side. He doesn't need a group of anybody to to achieve his purpose. HE MOVES ALL BY HIMSELF. HE DOESN'T NEED FRIENDSHIP. HE DOESN'T NEED OTHERS BACKING AND SUPPORTING HIM. HE DOESN'T NEED ANYBODY TO DO ANYTHING ON HIS BEHALF. I AM GOD AND I'M ALL BY MYSELF. HE'S SOVEREIGN. &gt;&gt; AMEN. He's God. &gt;&gt; Beautiful, isn't he? If he wants to do it, he simply does it. He's sovereign. He's supreme. There is no equal to him. He has supreme authority. He is the final say. There is no court of appeals against him. There's nobody YOU CAN TELL ON HIM. You You can't get him in trouble. You can't You can't remove him. You can't vote him out. AMEN. HE'S SOVEREIGN. I AM GOD AND I'M ALL BY MYSELF. AMEN. this sovereign God, he's not accountable to nobody. You know what's interesting? We're living in an age where a group of people aren't accountable to nobody. They don't want anybody to hold them accountable to anything. There's church members, there's families, there's young people, there's husbands, there's wives, there's individuals. They don't want to be accountable to nobody. This age lacks the accountability to what is right or what is wrong. They do whatever they want to do but they are not God. I am not God. YOU ARE NOT GOD. THE MAN ON THE STREET IS NOT THE MAJORITY OF THE PEOPLE ARE NOT GOD. CAN'T DO WHATEVER THEY WANT to do. Sadly, this age is crippled with this lack of accountability. You can't stop them and tell them nothing. Even if your grandpa or grandma, those little grandchildren don't respect nobody. Many of them don't respect the elders anymore. They don't respect common decency anymore. The women act like men. They're butched. They're heavy. They're masculine. They'll argue with you. And many of the men act like women. Oh, yes. Keep their fingernails fouled, soft skin, soft uh uh uh I'm talking about in THEIR PERSONALITY. JUST SOFT. CAN'T even um uh take no for the for an answer. can't do without. And that's the age that you and I live in. But there's only one supreme sovereign one. And let's get it straight. Let's get it straight right now. THAT IS GOD HIMSELF. NOBODY ELSE stands equal to him. There's no authority standing beside him. He stands all by himself. in the heavens. He created the things the way he wanted them to be. Is that right? He fashioned it the way he wanted it to be. And those that had a problem with it, what'd he do? He kicked them out. Yes, Lucifer had a problem with this order, this orchestra. Isaiah 43:10 says this, "Ye are my witnesses, sayeth the Lord, and my servant whom I have chosen, that ye may know and believe me, and understand that I am he. Before me there was no God formed, neither shall there be after me. I even I am the Lord, and besides me there is no Savior." Isaiah 44:6. Is that what we read this morning? Huh? What did we read? We read Isaiah 45. Thank you. So Isaiah 44 goes forward and says this here sayeth the Lord the King of Israel and his redeemer the Lord of ho hosts. Isaiah 44 verse number six. I am the first, I am the last, and besides me there is no God. and who as I shall call and shall declare it and set it in order for me since I appointed the ancient people. And the things that are coming and shall come, let them show unto them. Fear ye not, neither be afraid. Have not I told thee from that time and have declared it? Ye are even my witnesses. Is there a God besides me? This is God asking A QUESTION. IS THERE A GOD BESIDES ME? YES, there is no God. I know not any. Hos Hosea 13:4 says this, "Yet I am the Lord thy God from the land of Egypt, and thou shalt know and thou shalt know no God but me, for there is no savior besides me." Psalms 103:19, the word says, "The Lord hath prepared his throne in the heavens, and his kingdom ruleth over all." So this is God. This is his attributes. That's just a few scriptures, very few. Isaiah 43,42 44 45 46 all the way through there uh really strongly coincides with Revelations when Jesus appears to John. It says I'm the first and the last establishing who he is. He's the sovereign God. And this sovereign God has his sovereign word. And he and his word are the same. Amen. And he takes his the Lord God and his word are one. You think that that is known by everyone. It is not known by everyone. Many people believe in God, but they don't believe in the Bible. But God is his word. He is the Bible. And God is sovereign. His word is sovereign. His works are sovereign. His grace is sovereign. His gifts are sovereignly given. His church is sovereign. And he deals with the individual in a sovereign way. Why is this so important? It's important because then we know by whom we're serving and the God that we serve. Listen, there is uh two wills that you can operate in as children of God. You can operate in his perfect will or you can operate in his permissive will. And the way his perfect will runs is exactly according to his original thought is according to his word. Now outside of his perfect will, he has a will as the prophet teaches us. It's called his permissive will. And these are things that God will permit. But that permissive will eventually will work itself back to his perfect will. And also the permissive will can many times work itself all the way down to being out of his will. Does that make sense to anybody? So if you're operating in his permissive will, he may make that permissive will work. It'll always work to his glory. But for you, that permissive will, BECAUSE YOU CAN do it, doesn't mean you're supposed to do it. BECAUSE YOU'RE PERMITTED TO do it, and you CONTINUE THAT WAY, THAT permissive will can move you to being OUT OF HIS WILL. SO, YOU HAVE OUT OF HIS WILL, HIS PERMISSIVE WILL, AND THEN HIS PERFECT WILL. Can I get A WITNESS? HIS PERFECT WILL IS SOVEREIGN AND ALL THE OTHER WILLS WILL COME BACK UNDERNEATH his perfect will. It's the prophet taught us. Amen. And so his word is given to us. It's his perfect will. His grace. Gifts for example are without repentance. Is that right? People have gifts whether they're in church or out of church, but while they're born, in their birth, in the cradle, in the baby room, those gifts are already in the baby. They didn't repent. They haven't even been to church. Has nothing to do with it. They're sovereignly given. Don't we all wish we can sing? Huh? But how many know we all can't sing? Not like where YOU GOT THE MIC IN. WE ALL CAN SING, BUT some of y'all don't need the mic in your hand. You need to sing sing. Come on, saints. Now, let me put me going on here. SOME OF Y'ALL, EVERYBODY NEEDS TO SING. RIGHT. Everybody can sing praises to the Lord, BUT NOT EVERYBODY IS a a recording artist. Not everybody is a gifted musician or have A GIFTED VOICE. GOD GIVES THOSE OUT. THEY'RE SOVEREIGNLY GIVEN. IT HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH he willth OR HE DESERVED OR SHE HAD IT AND he didn't. IT'S IT'S GOD GIVES THOSE sovereignly gifts and callings of God come without repentance. Now his church and the individual becomes sovereignly linked to the sovereign God. What does that mean? And that means that if God is with you or for you, then who can be against you? It's a beautiful understanding. When you are linked with the sovereign God, YOU HAVE ALL THE CHARACTERISTICS and the blessings of being under his sovereign protection. WHAT DOES THAT MEAN? THAT MEANS THAT YOU NOW don't need a team. You don't need A SUPPORT SYSTEM. YOU DON'T NEED FRIENDS TO CONCUR WITH. WHEN YOU HAVE COME IN CONTACT WITH THE SUPREME GOD AND HE'S ESTABLISHED YOU AS HIS CHILD, THAT IS ALL YOU NEED is God himself. That's all a true ministry needs. That's all a young person needs. That's all a brother needs, a sister needs, is to be in contact with the sovereign God. And he becomes their sufficiency. Amen. All their needs are met through him. Now let's take Romans 8 33 again and move over to the next chapter of Romans chapter 9. Quickly Romans chapter 8 33. Who shall lay anything to the charge of who? God's elect. If God elects them, WHO? IT IS GOD THAT WHAT? He is the justifier. Who is he that condemnth? It is Christ that died. Yes, rather that is risen again. Who is even at the right hand of God who also make intercession for us? The scripture goes on, who shall separate us from the love of God? In all these things, we are more than conquerors. Amen. There's nothing that can separate us from this love. Now, this sovereign God, how he works, the sovereignty of God is he does what he wants to do when he wants to do it and how he wants to do it. But brother Angel, he still has his own laws that he must obey. He is confined to his own rules, his own regulations. And so when he establishes a truth, he himself walks in that truth. He preaches or declares a truth, then he has to believe what he has declared. Just like you and I, we have to believe what was declared to us by his word. That's the order. So he's not loosely doing nothing. He's doing something. And what he's doing is he is staying with his original word. Amen. This sovereignty it it it brings us into this thought here as a prophet told us here. I read for the church some time ago. I think it's in service is just this time. He says, "Many of you come to me with visions and dreams and I by God's grace interpret those to you." And he says, "Many of you have come with dreams and visions or dreams and I was not able to interpret those for you." So he said this, he said, "I've never produced a gimmick." So the idea is that okay well as long as I'm in the Brandom Tabernacle, as long as I'm in Brother Brandham's ministry or his church, if I was there when he was there, it's a guarantee that God's going to speak to me. No, no, no. If God didn't want to show the prophet what your dream was, he wasn't going to show it. It's just that simple. And one of the glaring or blaring instances of the sovereign God is this little sister that was in the ministry of brother Brandham and that's sister Edith Wright. How many remember sister Edith Wright? She was the sister to sister Hatty Wright. And sister Hatty Wright we all know who she is. The sister who had the Lord use her to say the right thing at the right time. That's nothing but the truth. And when that super anointing came down on sister Hattie, Brother Brandham says any moment now, Sister Edith will leap up out of that infotile paralysis. She was drawn up her entire life. And she was under the greatest ministry, one of the greatest ministries that that that we had seen or known. her family, the Wright family, was a member of the Brham Ministry or the Brandom Tabernacle as one of the originals. They're mentioned on the first tape that the prophet PREACHED IN OAKLAND TALKING ABOUT their family, the rights, and she was born this way. I if you get sister um um sister Hattie Wright's testimony, I had it somewhere. I don't I have to find that up and share with you. She was talking about how I believe the Edith when she was born um it was either nervous or something that was on a a tractor or in a in a wagon and it hit a bump a certain way or whatever it was and it caused a lot of this problems from her birth but then it made it even worse and when she came into the ministry of brother Brandham she would always be tormented and in pain and so forth. He said, "Brother Radam says, we finally prayed for her. It took the pain away, but it didn't deliver her. She stayed in that wheels chair for HER ENTIRE LIFE." BROTHER BRAD SAYS people who were worse than her WERE HEALED RIGHT IN FRONT OF HER IN THE SAME MEETING. GOD WOULD COME DOWN. HE SAID, "I PRAYED FOR DAYS, FOR DAYS TO SHOW ME WHY HE WON'T HEAL SISTER EDITH." And you think, "IS SHE IN THE RIGHT PLACE?" YES, SHE'S IN THE RIGHT PLACE. IS SHE BELIEVING THE WORD? OBVIOUSLY, SHE BELIEVE IN THE WORD. BUT WHY DIDN'T GOD HEAL HER? BECAUSE GOD IS sovereign and he doesn't HAVE THE ANSWER TO NO ONE. HIS WAYS ARE PERFECT. AND WHO CAN SAY GOD MISSED IT OR GOD YOU ARE NOT FAIR OR GOD I NEED I DESERVE AN EXPLANATION? NO, YOU DO NOT DESERVE AN EXPLANATION. HE GIVES THE EXPLANATION AS HE WILLS. WHY? Because he's sovereign. &gt;&gt; Hopefully, this message will settle your faith down. Cuz a sovereign God heard your prayer the first time YOU HALLELUJAH. HE HEARD YOUR PRAYER THE FIRST TIME YOU PRAYED. HE HEARD IT. HE SAW IT. HE SEES WHAT YOU HAVE NEED OF. YES, he does. THE OTHER GODS HAVE HAVE EYES BUT THEY CAN'T SEE. THE OTHER ONE HAVE EARS BUT THEY CAN'T HEAR. BUT OUR GOD IS GOD. HE'S GOT all power in his hand. He knows the end from the beginning. Is that right? Amen. Glory. Now my my Did I drop my glasses? Yeah, I did. Here they are. He's sovereign. So, Sister Edith, let me just take a couple of these for you. All right. There they made it a point to mention her birthday and and a few places. In 1960, she was 39 years old. in 19 sorry in 196 she was 39 years old she finally passed away a few years later and uh brother Bham couldn't make it to the service she I think she was 39 years old later they move forward he says this here I've been preaching about 31 years I think so. She's 39 years old and he's preaching. He said, "I've been preaching." Excuse me. Sorry. I've been preaching 31 years, I think. So, I guess I knowed you right immediately after I started preaching. The Wright family. So thankful that I know those people. They have certainly been inspiration in my life. And if the right family should pass on into eternity, I was still living. I couldn't pass that place without taking off my hat to think of the great things that God has done on that hillside there. That's where everything just taken place down there. I've seen there taking place of the angel of the Lord making the visit for Georgie Carter taking the place where he led me on the hillside that night with the poison ivy and stuff. Then he met me over there also in the vision and shine down from the dogwood bushes. See so many things has taken place. Brother Wright laying at the point of death when all the doctors had passed by and his church members down there telling him go get your divine healer. Now me sitting up on the hill crying for four days praying for him. The Lord spoke a vision and says go tell him thus sayeth the Lord he'll bury the guy that's making fun of him. And he did. That's right. And all things that. And then there was the Holy Spirit. the first time in the history of the church that ever seen it come to pass when he had spoke those squirrels into existence. Gave sister Hattie anything that she wanted to ask for regardless of what it was, money or anything else. Said it will be placed in your lap right now. She asked for the souls of her two boys and God gave them to her. Just so many things has happened down there on the hill. God bless them is my prayer. So he's highlighting this right household brother right the doctors had given him I think it stage whatever it was in cancer there was no way he can return brother Bab said I pray for him for four days then God sends a vision and heals him that was brother rightight sister had right the angel of the lord there come down in the room and she said the right thing it was given to her all these wonderful things. The male the the the the the other Georgie Carter, he was at their home in that same area when all these great and wonderful things took place. But in the right home was Sister Edith. Sister Heith right sitting there crippled for all these years and died as a as well. Never was healed. What was it? God, the sovereign God. You say, "Well, no, she maybe she didn't have faith." Well, I don't know. Maybe it wasn't the will of God. Well, I don't know. But it doesn't take away from the word of God because the word of God is sovereign. Let me give you an example of his word being sovereign. Let's see what the prophet of God says here. All right. Gather myself here. Excuse me, saints. This pull pit has a lot of things underneath this desk here. If I come back another Sunday in a row, I'm cleaning it out. Brother Zeke, God bless you. I got to say something to flex on you. Hear what the prophet of God says here about his word. Now in Hebrews chapter 4, I like this. This is very good. He says paragraph number 24. I hope this helps your faith and settles your faith into these great promises of God. He says this here. Listen to this. If God doesn't act the same when the same circumstances arise, then God is guilty of being partial to his people. God's so sovereignity demands of him to work in every case like he did the first case or he was wrong when he worked in the first case. If God does not act in the same way he did on the first case if he will act different to the second case than he acted wrong when he acted on the first case. If God healed the sick in the Old Testament, he's got to do it in the New Testament and today. Or he did wrong when he healed them back there. HE'S GOT TO act the same every time. And he will do it when the same faith meets the condition. The fault is in us, NOT IN GOD. FOR WE SEE him on some and many others and many work great outstanding miracles. We know that the critic cannot say it's not so for we see it proved and there it is. Prophet God continues and says this here. Oh my. Now, Hebrews chapter 7 number two. This is the one I want. Paragraph 251. What is it? It's a divine gift and it works in its sovereignity. But what makes it so hard here in the city? Honest. I get tangled up all the time in praying for the sick here. I'll go tell the people this. I'll go I'll go say, "Now, the Lord has made you well. Jesus healed you. He died for you. 1900 years ago right there you were healed. Now as far as God is concerned, as far as Christ is concerned, you was healed 1900 years ago. Your disease was gone. It takes your faith to do it. And then that person can go around and not get well. Then the person come around and say, "Brother Bam told me I was well." See, I'm telling you what God said. Now, when it spoke directly to a person directly, it's thus said the Lord on a certain thing that's going to take place. That'll prove TO YOU RIGHT THERE THAT YOUR HEALING is already secured. Your faith has secured it. See, the promise is yours. It ain't my word. IT'S GOD'S WORD that you're already healed. See, but just SOMEHOW OR ANOTHER, I JUST CAN'T get it to soak in to folks here IN JEFFERSONVILLE. I JUST CAN'T GET IT TO HAPPEN. I KNOW. I'LL TRY TO EXPLAIN THAT JUST AS WELL AS I CAN and it just it just won't happen. That's all. So, brother Brandham is now bringing in question or bringing the finality of God's word that by his stripes you're already healed. And he'll make that declaration, you're healed. Christ healed you. And then people go on and say, "Well, I never got any better. Brother Hammond said I was going to GET HEALED." NO. GOD SAID YOU WAS GOING TO BE HEALED. IT'S IN HIS WORD. HIS WORD IS SOVEREIGN. SO YOU STAY WITH THAT ORIGINAL WORD AND HE'S TRYING TO GET THAT TO SINK INTO THE hearts of the people. What do you think? I lay out all the quotations to every believer or non-believer or make believer out there and once I lay out all those quotations that's going to make them a believer. What do you think arguing with someone is going to make them believe? When Cain himself looked God in the FACE AND GOD TOLD HIM WHAT TO DO, LITERALLY TOLD HIM, "IF YOU DO THIS LIKE YOUR BROTHER, I WILL ACCEPT YOU." AND HE WOULDN'T DO IT. HE COULDN'T do it. If they ain't GOING TO BELIEVE GOD, WHAT THEY GOING TO DO WITH ME? What are they GOING TO DO WITH YOU? THEY EITHER GOING TO BELIEVE OR THEY'RE NOT GOING TO BELIEVE. AND GOD'S GOING TO KEEP HIS WORD NO MATTER WHAT. SO WHAT DO WE DO? WE STAY WITH THE WORD. WE DON'T FOLLOW GROUPS OF PEOPLE. WE DON'T FOLLOW WHAT'S POPULAR. WE FIND THE PERFECT WILL OF GOD. And stay with that word. God in his sovereignty will bring it to pass. Amen. Brother Brandham talking about sovereignty. You remember the the little sister, the black sister from Memphis? He said it was the sovereignty of God that heard her prayer that brought that plane down. He uses that term. It brought the plane down. Was her prayer. It wasn't her church group. It wasn't her knowledge of the seals. Wasn't even her knowledge of who the Reverend William Brandom was. She didn't know who he was. He asked her. She didn't know. But she knew something. She knew God. She got in CONTACT WITH SOMEBODY THAT DIDN'T CARE ABOUT YOUR BACKGROUND. SOMEBODY THAT DID NOT RESPECT PEOPLE'S PERSONS LIKE HOW WE DO. BUT GOD IS NO RESPECTOR OF PERSONS. HE DOESN'T CARE HOW MUCH MONEY YOU GOT OR HOW IMPORTANT YOU ARE. HE OPERATES BY FAITH. IF YOU BELIEVE HIM, HE'LL COME down and meet your need, too. Praise the Lord, somebody. Why? Because he's sovereign. He say, "Brother Israel, can we have a re revival? If God says we can, and I believe I can, that's all that matters." You said, "Well, brother, so and so, they disagree with me." So what? THEY DISAGREE WITH JESUS. THAT has nothing to do with it. Who agrees with you or disagrees WITH YOU. WE LOVE FOR EVERYBODY TO AGREE WITH US. ALL RIGHT? WE'LL HAVE EVERYBODY FOR TO LOVE US. IS THAT RIGHT? BUT WHAT IF THEY DON'T? WHAT IF THEY WON'T? WHAT IF THEY RESIST and disrespect YOU AND DON'T RECOGNIZE THAT YOU are a real child of God? Does it matter? DOES GOD RECOGNIZE YOU? DOES GOD KNOW WHO YOU ARE? WHEN YOU GO DOWN ON YOUR KNEES, WHO DO YOU WANT TO HEAR YOU? THE CHURCH OR THE SOVEREIGN GOD? I WANT THE SOVEREIGN GOD TO HEAR MY PRAYER. AMEN. &gt;&gt; AMEN. And when you have the okay from him, &gt;&gt; then you do have the okay. &gt;&gt; When he says yes, that means yes. When he gives YOU THE GREEN LIGHT, MAN, just run every red light you can because he gave you the green light. Everybody else can stop. It's yellow is red. No, I I GOT THE GREEN LIGHT. BOOM. I'M GONE. Spiritually speaking now. Don't go break no laws. Yes. When God SAYS YES, THAT'S WHAT THAT MEANS. SO, I was down on my knees. The Lord said yes. GET UP AND GO GET IT. Sister was down. I was down on my knees. The Lord says no. Well, that's what he told you. You better go get that. I'm going this right here. In that message, Brother Billy Paul said in that message, the guy at work, they gave him a a message book. Guy took the book and read it. He gave it back the NEXT DAY. GIVE IT BACK TO HIM. HE SAID, 'I DIDN'T LIKE IT. WHAT? WHAT? WHAT HAPPENED TO the book? WHAT WAS WRONG WITH THE MESSAGE? SAYS, "IN THAT BOOK, THAT MAN called me a buzzard." And the brother took it back. He says, "Man, cuz in that book, that brother called me an eagle. You hear what you want to hear, I'm going to hear what God is saying to me." God called me an eagle. Amen. And God told me yes and that I don't need a second opinion on that. Is that right? Now, even in his permissive will, God still moves and makes blessings happen even when a man is walking in their permissive will. Genesis chapter 20, Abraham actually lied to this king. And when he lied to the king, uh um the Lord didn't hold it against him. He could have. He probably some would say he should have, but when Aimilec went to take Sarah, the Lord came to him in a dream by night. Genesis chapter 20:es 1 and read on down. You'll see we're all familiar with the story. And Aimilec comes back to Abraham says, "You trying to deceive me? I asked you if that was your sister or your wife and you told me it was your sister." And but the sovereign God came down and corrected Aimilec. Even though Abraham, he shouldn't have left from the promised land. Number one. Number two, HE WAS LYING, BUT HE STILL WAS God's prophet. And the blessing of the Lord was still upon him even in his permissive will condition. Elijah in 2 Kings chapter 2, you all are familiar with it. Those young children, as Elijah went forth, the young children begin to call him baldheaded. And the scripture says that Elijah turned and cursed them in the name of the Lord. Now, OKAY, THAT'S NOT FAIR. THESE ARE JUST little children. I don't even know how old they are. If they're even the age of accountability, I don't know. But see, that gift was sovereignly given to Elijah. And he got to be careful with that gift now because he can use it to hurt or to harm or to help. In this case, they got him on a BAD DAY. THEY GOT HIM IN HIS temper and they called him baldheaded. And Elijah turned in the name of the Let's read the scripture. Y'all looking at me? Second Kings chapter 2 quickly, briefly. Do I have it here? Second Kings chapter 2. came to pass in verse number C. Is that what I wanted? Oh my. Maybe it's first king shepherd. Tell say it again. Tell me. Thank you. And he went up from thence unto Bethl, and he was going up by the way, and there came forth little children out of the city, and mocked him, and said unto him, "Go up, thou bald head. Go up, thou bald head." I mean, think about it, saints. They just said a few words. I mean, it was a few words. Was it worthy of death? Look at your neighbor and ask them, "Is that worthy of death?" You called a man baldheaded. You called the wrong man baldheaded. That's what you did. You called God's prophet baldheaded. Now, if you calling your friends baldheaded, call him baldheaded. You call a fake God baldheaded, call it baldheaded. DON'T MESS WITH THIS MAN RIGHT HERE. AND THEY CALLED HIM BALDHEADED. AND LOOK WHAT THE SCRIPTURE SAYS. Verse number 24. For he turned back and looked on them and cursed them in the name of the Lord. And there came forth two she bears out of the wood and tear 40 and two children of them. They didn't touch Elijah. Notice that they was in the woods somewhere AND OUT OF NOWHERE they come. The prophet of God under grace and truth after Calvary under the baptism of THE HOLY GHOST SHOWS US what took place here. He says that was not the Holy Spirit moving Elijah. IT WAS AN ANGRY PROPHET THAT BY THE SOVEREIGNITY OF GOD, HE HAD THIS POWER AND HE USED IT and God didn't take it away from him. So even the permissive will of God, God will still bless, there's still an anointing there. Can I go a little further? Let's take Moses in Numbers chapter 20 and verse number 11. Here's Moses. He goes forward and he strikes the rock. I have to read this one. Let's take Numbers chapter 20 quickly. And you know people running around today talking about what's fair and what's not fair. Nobody has a right to say what's fair if it ain't from God's word. God is the one who says what's fair and what's not fair. He created the rules and the laws. It's amazing how people want God's love, but they don't want his judgment. They want his love and the the warm fuzzy feeling that God loves every He does love everybody. But what's the other side of love? You wouldn't even know what love is if you didn't know what judgment was. Is that right? Numbers chapter 20 verse number 11. Moses lifted up his hand. Let's see. No, let's go up a little bit further where the Lord is telling him what to do. And he does say, "And the Lord spake unto Moses." Verse seven, "Take thy rod and gather thou the assembly together. Thou and Aaron thy brother. Speak unto the rock before their eyes." What' he tell them to do? Speak unto I think you two or three saints is helping me preach today. Come on, somebody. Y'all going to help me preach? I know y'all want me to leave. I will leave as soon as I'm done. I will leave. I have to create value. All right. So, I know you all love me. But here what the prophet said. Here what the the scripture says. Take thy rod and speak ye unto the rock before their eyes, and it shall give forth his water, and thou shalt bring forth to them water out of the rock. So thou shalt give the congregation and their beasts drinks. So the Lord clearly tells them to speak. Do it before their eyes so the people can see that the spoken word has the power. Moses took the rod from before the Lord as he commanded him. Verse 9. And Moses said to Aaron, "Gather the congregation congregation together before the rock, and he said unto them, here now ye rebels must we fetch water out of this rock. AND MOSES LIFTED up his hand, AND WITH HIS ROD HE SMOKED THE ROCK TWICE, and the water came out abundantly. And the congregation drank, AND THEIR BEAST ALSO. And the Lord spake unto Moses and Aaron, because you believe me not to sanctify me in the eyes of the children of Israel, therefore ye shall not bring this congregation into the land which I have given them. What's the big deal here? The big deal is I told you to speak and you smoked the rock twice. NOW you're not going into the promised land. Well, it's not that big of a deal. Lord, just pardon it. They was thirsty. They all got water anyways. What's the big deal? Speak it or hid it. They got me upset. I was under pressure. That's not a crime enough, Lord, to keep me out of the promised land. Lord, all I've been through. Look at my ministry. I CAME OUT OF EGYPT. I WENT THROUGH ALL THAT STUFF. I FORSAKE PHARAOH AND ALL OF THAT. AND YOU GOING TO KEEP ME OUT OF THE PROMISED LAND OVER THIS ONE? I TOLD you to speak. &gt;&gt; And he smoked the rock twice. &gt;&gt; Some might SAY THAT'S NOT FAIR. WE DON'T HAVE THE RIGHT TO SAY WHAT'S FAIR AND WHAT'S NOT FAIR. THE SOVEREIGN GOD LAID IT OUT THERE. NOTICE, he was outside of the perfect will of God. He did WHAT GOD TOLD HIM NOT TO DO, BUT HE HAD THE POWER AND GOD STILL HONORED IT. WHY? Because the sovereignity of his gifts. There's a lot of gifted people are going to go to hell. The gift came from their creator. The opportunity to serve the Lord came from him. And they will find themselves in hell, gifted as they were, talented as they was, because they rejected. You say, "WELL, MY GIFT, MY GIFT, your gift was sovereignly given. YOU HAD NO CHOICE ON WHAT COLOR your eyes would be. YOU HAD NO CHOICE WHETHER YOU BE BLACKHEAD OR REDHEAD OR BLONDE HEAD. YOU HAD NO CHOICE OF THE RACE THAT YOU WERE BORN IN. SO YOU CAN'T FLEX AGAINST YOUR RACE. GOD MADE YOU WHO YOU ARE OR YOUR IDENTITY, HOW TALL YOU ARE OR HOW TALENTED YOU ARE. THAT WAS SOVEREIGNLY GIVEN. &gt;&gt; The most important thing is his sovereign word. Can I get a witness today? &gt;&gt; His word, it means everything. WE HOLD STEADY TO HIS WORD, NOT TO A GIFT, NOT TO AN EMOTION. WE HOLD STEADY WITH HIS WORD. AMEN. Because he's a sovereign God. Remember, ever whom he blesses, they are blessed. Ever who is cursed, they are cursed. Can we take one more example? &gt;&gt; In the Garden of Eden, Genesis chapter 4, look at our sister Eve. The Jehovah Witnesses believe that Adam is lost, eternally separated. But we know that Adam was operating in the grand scheme as a savior. He was operating as Christ. Is that right? Genesis chapter 4. Look at what happens here. Can I take my time? &gt;&gt; Adam knew his wife Eve. Verse one. And she conceived and bear said what? I've gotten a man from who? From the Lord. This throws so many of those Pentecostals that are in the denomination. The denominationals, they say prove that Cain was the son of Adam. But there's no scripture that says that Cain was Adam's son. Cain was of that wicked one. The scripture tells us. But who allowed it? WHO ALLOWED IT? GOD ALLOW. YOU SAY, "WELL, LORD, IF IT WAS YOUR PERFECT WILL, YOU WOULD HAVE CRUSHED CAIN AND NOT LET HIM LIVE." Doesn't work that way. HE ALLOWS THINGS TO H ALLOWED PHARAOH TO COME FORTH. HE ALLOWED YOU TO GO THROUGH WHATEVER YOU'RE GOING THROUGH. BUT HE'S THE SOVEREIGN GOD. HE'S GOT IT all under control. Amen. And when this revelation strikes, you move in the FAITH KNOWING THAT GOD HAS MY LIFE IN HIS HANDS. IT WILL BE AS GOD SAID IT WILL BE. THE BLESSING WILL COME AS GOD SENDS THE BLESSING. Can I take a quotation in the message paradox? I don't have it here before me, but I think the saints are listening to this in Phoenix in Tucson this morning. Let me find it quickly. Paradox here. Look what the prophet of God says here. Can I read it for you? &gt;&gt; Yes. Paragraph number 44 in the message paradox. Let's see here. Okay. Paragraph number 49. Yes. Burger 48. I had a vision a few weeks ago, about three weeks now, this coming Tuesday, that drove me to my knees out in the wilderness to fast and pray. I put on be it cold, heavy insulated underclo so to use on the hunting trips so I wouldn't freeze up. Around there in my cave and in the woods, I went up. Someone said, 'Well, brother Random, did you go up to seek? You ought to have went up to seek a vision from the Lord. I says, 'N no, you don't go. You don't do it that way. You can't pull nothing out of God. See, that's the reason people keep saying on interviews saying, "Ask the Lord. Just stay with it. Just stay with it." I had a word of the Lord to take to brother Neville about prophesying over everyone comes by this altar here. God told him really called him down about it. See, don't do that. You'll shove him out into the flesh and then you'll have a false prophet. See? See? Let him do just as the spirit leads him to do it. See? DON'T TRY TO PULL NOTHING OUT OF GOD BECAUSE YOU CAN'T do it. He'll only speak. Like Balam, THE HIRELING PROPHET SAID, "I CAN ONLY SPEAK what God puts in my mouth. Otherwise, I can't say it." And that's the same thing like I I like this system that they got now so that I that I can find out what just what the Lord would have do. That's very good. Jesus went into the wilderness to fast after the Holy Ghost had come upon him. John bare record seeing the spirit of God come upon him and he was filled with the power of God, God in him. And then he went into the wilderness to fast afterwards, not before for the Holy Ghost to come on him, but he went in and fasted after the Holy Ghost came on him. See now in the vision I might say and brother Benam continues on. So we know there's scriptures that tells us to seek the Lord and that's absolutely appropriate. It's the Holy Spirit in you that would cause you to even seek the Lord. Seek the Lord. Search the Lord while he may be found. And there's places where you can lay aside your food and dinners and those things so you can get in the right f frame for spiritual things. When you deny the natural, it opens the door for the spiritual. We understand all those principles. We understand that. But we also understand that we don't go to try to pull anything out of God. God is going to do it sovereignly. So here's in the Brandham tabernacle, brother Neville with the gift of prophecy over the people using God working that gift using that gift and then people coming to him and then people pulling on him. He said would have made a false prophet. You know I thank God for this message. I really thank God you you know the Pentecostal church couldn't teach you this. They can't teach you these operations and these little, you know, the little details and the technicalities and working with gifts and working with talented people. People that are gifted and talented has to come under the discipline of the sovereign word of the Lord. There is no gift that gets above the word like the gift is more fresh than the word itself. It don't get no fresher than the word itself. That is God himself speaking in his sovereign ways that he likes to operate. Amen. I certainly hope that these things are helping you today. &gt;&gt; So he forgives, he blesses, he judges whom he willth. He decides who to forgive. He decides who's to bless. He decides who's to judge when he chose Abraham in Genesis chapter 15. He just out of nowhere seemingly just like Abraham was lucky maybe or maybe he was just like whatever it was, God chose Abram and he said, "I'm going to bless you and your seed after you." Who's going to change that? WHO'S GOING TO MODIFY THAT? Who's got a problem with the Hebrews or the Jewish nation? If they got a problem with the Jews, they got a problem with God. &gt;&gt; Amen. The word of the Lord is true. He chose them. They're his people. He I don't like I don't like this. Well, stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Let's take the Jews off of it. What about him choosing you? Aren't you grateful that he chose you? &gt;&gt; Isn't that a nice feeling &gt;&gt; to be chosen by God? &gt;&gt; To have the clean bill of rights that I love you and I want you to be a part of my bride. Isn't that a beautiful thought? What did you do to deserve that? HOW MUCH MONEY WAS IN YOUR ACCOUNT FOR GOD TO COME YOUR WAY? HOW BLESSED ARE WE TO KNOW THAT GOD IN HIS GRACE AND HIS MERCY, the God of the universe, came down and called me. He called you. Now he, the sovereign one, has called me. Now I walk in that sovereignty, that sovereignty as a believer. not asking others to join me to believe with me. What time is it? Oh my. Sorry. Oh my. It's 12 o'clock. I was going to go all the way to 12:30 because I'm used to staying on the half hour here, but y'all can't take that. Yes, you could. I know. Sister D said, "Yes, we can." All right. So, God bless you. I didn't know I've been going that long. But God is sovereign. And when he chooses you, he chooses whom he's going to bless, who he's going to punish, who he's going to judge. You know, this is why friends that are around you can get away with things that you can't get away with. That's right. There's others that will do things that you can't do, and they look like they're actually doing better. They actually prosper. They just bought another house. They got another property and they told you about it. It's like, man, I can't. They go and they go to the casino and they win at the casino. And here I am struggling. I DON'T EVEN HAVE ANY GAS IN MY TRUCK. I'm barely making ends meet. My health care, MY WELFARE, MY WELFARE, WHATEVER, IT'S ALL RUNNING OUT. And your neighbor who NEVER GOES TO CHURCH NOWHERE IS ALWAYS BUYING THE NEWEST MODEL truck or boat or whatever. THEY'RE JUST BLESSED AND JUST STRIVING AND JUST MONEY COMING OUT FROM EVERYWHERE. AND IF YOU TRY TO DO THAT, MAN, you'll get sick and be laid up in the hospital somewhere. And that's God's sovereign grace to you. Think about that. He loves you. He's blessed you. He desired you. That wasn't an accident. That was on purpose. He's a sovereign God. Can't we have faith to say that he's in charge of our lives? &gt;&gt; He's going to take it. He's going to bring us all the way through. He's got it covered. God bless you, saints, so much. I had a few more little areas here, but God bless you richly. In South Africa, brother Bannon was on that Africa trip report. The angel of the Lord spoke to him and told him, "Go to Johannesburg." And those brothers says, "No, you're going over here. You're going to Cape Town over here." He says, "No." The Lord told me, "No." And they argued. He says, "No." And then finally the Lord told him, "Go with them, but you're going to pay for it." They went in the permissive will of God. God still came down and blessed the meetings, healed people, delivered them, and they were in his permissive will. His perfect will was to stay in Johannesburg. So, saints of God, what do we want? Do we want to just get by? Do we want to be blessed? Or do we want God's perfect will in our lives? His perfect will is his sovereign will to us. And thank the Lord Jesus for it. God bless you, Richie. Let us let us pray. Brother Craig, why don't you come and sing a few songs of Zion? Lord Jesus, we thank you for your grace and mercy to us. We thank you for your word today. Oh Lord, I pray that the truth of it will settle in our hearts and minds. Um Lord, as we take the word of God and know that what we see in the word is because you showed it to us and that no matter no no amount of argument or manipulating is going to change your word. Your word is true. So Lord, we want to align oursel with that. We want to align oursel with your perfect will in our lives, Lord. And that as a cry upon my heart came this week that we all need a sovereign move of God in our life. I need it. This church needs it. Every individual needs you to come down sovereignly and fill them with the power of the Holy Ghost. And when you do that, Lord, it'll be done. Reveal your word to me. reveal it to your people. Pour out these good gifts, these good things to every heart, to everyone. You can do it, Lord. You're the only one that can do it. We humbly wait upon thee. We're not looking for another, Lord. We're looking and staying with thee, oh God. I pray you'll bless this. May this settle. May this help in Jesus name we pray. Amen. God bless you so much. Amen. Brother, I bless you. Thank you. I bless you. &gt;&gt; Sister, what song is that? &gt;&gt; I don't think I know it. I don't know it. What key are we in? Let's try E flat. Teach me Lord to wait down on my knees till your own good time. You answer my please. Teach me not to rely on what others do, but to wait in prayer for an answer from you. Number 10 in the course book. They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as an eagle. They should run and not be weery. They shall walk and not faint. Teach me Lord, teach me Lord to wait. Amen. Teach me Lord to wait. Teach me Lord why hearts are a flame to wait. My hearts are a flame, my pride and call on your name. Keep my faith renewed. Keep my eyes on thee. Help me be on this earth what you want me to because your sovereign Lord made that way upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as an eagle. They should run and not be weary. They shall walk and not faint. Teach me Lord. Teach me Lord to wait. Sweep over my soul. Sweep over my soul. Sweet spirit sweep over my soul. My rest is complete while I sit at your feet. Sweet spirit, sweep over my soul. Amen. Sweep over my soul. Sweep over my soul. Sweep over my soul. Sweet spirit, sweep over my soul. My rest is complete. While I sit at your feet, sweet spirit, sweep over my soul. Amen. Let's all stand as we sing. What a day it will be. What a day that will be when my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who saved me by his grace. It takes me by the hand and leads me to the promised land. What a day. Glorious day that will be. Amen. What a day that will be. Looking forward to it. What a day that will be when my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who saves me by his grace. And he takes me by his hand and lead me to the promised land. What a day, glorious day that will be. Amen. Heavenly Father, we thank you, oh God, that you have provided your word for us this morning. Lord, there's nothing else to say but that you are sovereign, Lord. And we thank you, oh Lord, for thy perfect will in our lives. Help us, oh Lord, to truly follow the leading of thy Holy Spirit that we would never fall out of favor with thee. Lord, not even thy permissive will or out of thy will entirely, but bless us, oh God, to stay right there in thy perfect will, Lord, knowing, oh God, that you have everything for us that we need. We pray, oh Lord, that you would bless us as we go our way this morning, Lord, until we meet again, Lord, in fellowship, forsaking not to fellowship with one another and gather together. Bless us, oh Lord, as we are dismissed in Jesus Christ's holy name. Amen. and you are dismissed quietly for those who might want to remain and pray. Amen.
