################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-21 - Sunday Morning 12-21-25 - Israel Powe.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-12-21
Title:   Sunday Morning 12-21-25
Speaker: Israel Powe
Church:  Shalom Tabernacle Tucson
Type:    Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmYWenB0XzY
========================================

Good morning everyone. Can we all stand for a word of prayer? Heavenly Father, Lord, we're coming before you this morning. Unto thee, Lord, that we lift up our voice. Unto thee do we raise our hands. For you're worthy, oh God, to receive glory, honor, and power. Lord, we pray that you would just take over the services today, Lord, in this house of worship. That you'd have your way in every life, Lord, in particular, right now with the Sunday school and the children's Sunday school. Father, we pray, Lord, that your presence, Lord, would grow stronger and stronger, Lord. Every time we meet, Lord, and that we'd leave here for the better, not for the worse. Father, thank you for what we're about to hear, Lord. It's blessed us, and we give you all the honor and glory for it. In the name of Jesus Christ, we ask. Amen. We're going to be continuing with the uh what is the Holy Ghost given for? We'll start at paragraph 56 and go to uh through number 86. We sing only believe. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. You may be seated, brother Brennham. Spirit &gt;&gt; will be just as pious and just as sanctimonious as it can be until it comes to the Holy Ghost and they'll cut it off right there. &gt;&gt; That's that spirit. Can't you see it moving up? &gt;&gt; The Antichrist and Jesus said they'd be so close together in the last days, it would deceive the very elected if possible. But remember, it's just the elected that will see it. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; GOD CALLS BY ELECTION. &gt;&gt; Aren't you happy that you're one of them? &gt;&gt; Aren't you people here tonight knowing something in your heart tugging? I want that Holy Spirit. I want you, Lord, in my heart. That's because God put your name on the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. &gt;&gt; He said that. &gt;&gt; Amen. No man can come to me, said Jesus, except my father has brought him first. And all that comes to me, I'll give him eternal life. What is eternal life? The Holy Spirit. Eternal life. Take that word and run it in the Greek. And it said Zoey. Zoey is the Holy Spirit. All that the Father's given me will come to me. All that comes to me, I'll give him the Holy Ghost. And I'll raise him up at THE LAST DAY. I WILL DO IT. HE said &gt;&gt; not no if and ends about it. I will all that comes and I give eternal life. He'll have to raise because he got eternal life. &gt;&gt; He has to come. Can't die no more than God can die. Oh my dear friends from around this country and in this little city. If I could only with my human voice place into your heart the importance of receiving the baptism of the Holy Ghost, it would be the most wonderful revelation that you ever had in your life. &gt;&gt; To see what you must do it. &gt;&gt; Let me make that clear about you're not converted. Peter had been saved. He believed on the Lord. Followed him. Jesus told him who he was. had him to follow him. He gave him power against unclean spirits and sanctified him. But after all of that and become the chief spokesman of the group as the Catholics would want to call it, the bishop of the church or the pope or whatever it was, the headman of the church. Yet Jesus said the night of his betrayal, "Lovest thou me, Peter?" And he said, 'Lord, you know I love you. He said, "Feed my sheep." He said that three times. And Peter said, 'You know, I love you to I'll go with you to the uh the end and I'll go with you to the death and so forth. He said, before the has crowed three times, you before the crows, you'll have denied me three times. He said, "BUT PETER, I'VE prayed for you." Listen, that's not all of it. I have prayed for you and after you are converted. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; THEN STRENGTHEN your brethren. &gt;&gt; After you are converted, &gt;&gt; he had shouted. He had probably danced in the spirit. He had done all kinds of things, but he hadn't received the Holy Ghost yet. After you are converted, then strengthen your brethren. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's true. &gt;&gt; Carry out his plan. Now, let me finish reading John 14:12. Now, in the 14th chapter and 12th verse, Jesus said, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that believeth and you cannot believe on me, you can believe unto him." How many understands that? Say amen. &gt;&gt; You remember in Acts 19, I hate to stop this here. But I just have to say it as it comes to me. In Acts the 19th chapter, when this Baptist preacher, which was a a lawyer and was converted and he was preaching and getting people saved and they had great joy just rejoicing and shouting, having a meeting. Acts 18. Aquilla Priscilla. We referred to it last evening. And they had went to see him and they noted he was a great man and he was a student AND HE WAS PROVING BY THE BIBLE that Jesus was the son of God only knowing the baptism of John. He didn't know the baptism of the Holy Ghost yet. So he said Aquilla and Priscilla that husband and wife little tent makers which Paul was a tent maker too and they'd received the Holy Ghost under Paul's teaching they said we've got a little brother who's coming up here let him talk to us a little bit about it and when Paul came up and heard him preached he was a great man he said have you received the Holy Ghost since you have believed they said we know not there where there be any Holy Ghost. He said then to what or the real Greek word there is to how was you baptized? They said we have been baptized already by John the Baptist. Now watch what Paul said. Paul said that John verely baptized unto repentance &gt;&gt; not for remission of sins but unto repentance. saying that's what you believe when you accept Christ as your personal savior. You are believing unto the baptism of the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; That is not the baptism of the Holy Ghost. My dear Baptist brethren, that is wrong. A brother said to me the other day, he said, "Brother Brandom," or some time ago, months ago, he said, "Brother Brandham, Abraham believed God and it was imputed unto him for righteousness." I said, "Truly?" Said, "What more can a man do than believe?" God says that's all a man can do. That's all he can do today is believe God. But God gave him a seal of circumcision that we went through last night as a sign that he had accepted his faith in him. &gt;&gt; And today until God you believe unto him when you accepted him as your personal savior. But when God gives you the seal of the Holy Ghost, he sealed you to your eternal destination. Amen. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; NOW YOU BAPTIST, TAKE THAT AND I'LL GO WITH you on eternal security. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Because grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby you are sealed until the day of your redemption. &gt;&gt; You are not sealed BY BELIEVING UNTO, BUT SEALED BY THE HOLY GHOST. AMEN. &gt;&gt; Ephesians 4:30, grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby you're sealed until the day of your redemption. &gt;&gt; That seals you when you found favor with God and he seals you by the Holy Spirit that s for the Bible said no man can call Jesus the Christ only by the Holy Ghost. Amen. &gt;&gt; You say, "I believe it because the pastor said so." He's right. But that doesn't count for you. I believe it because the word says so. That's right. But that isn't for you. That doesn't count you. The only way that you can say that Jesus is the Christ is when the Holy Ghost comes into you and bears record and witnesses itself out. He is the son of God. THAT'S THE ONLY WAY YOU KNOW THE RESURRECTION. is when the Holy Ghost bears record. &gt;&gt; When he the Holy Ghost has come, he will testify of me. &gt;&gt; Show you things to come. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Bring these things that I said to your memories. You'll never find it in the school. See, he will bring these things to your memories. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, we want to read just a little further in this scripture. Now, St. John 14:12. Verily, verily, I say to you, he that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also, and greater, which is the right translation there, is more, if you want to look it up, greater works than these shall he do, because I go to the father. If he went to the father, the holy spirit would come. Is that right? Another scripture said, "If I go not away, the comforter will not come. But if I go away, I'll come again and be with you, even in you." &gt;&gt; See, it's God with you over you first with you in Christ in you in the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; God in you. Now the works that I do shall you do also. Not another work, but God wants to bring the Holy Ghost in you to continue the same work that he was doing in Christ. &gt;&gt; The work wasn't so needy in the days of Luther. That was God's church. It wasn't a little bit more needier in the days of Westing because the world, the Bible said, would get weaker and wiser and more wicked all the time. We the world's getting more wicked all. We know that. &gt;&gt; Why man do things today that 100 years ago you wouldn't have thought there'd been any human being that cruel? &gt;&gt; More wicked all the time, and the wicked shall do wicked all the time, said the scripture. more and more. So, the Holy Spirit has been moving. There's just a little breath of it with Luther, a little blow of it with Wesley and a deeper blow of it with Pentecost. NOW, THE BREATH and the spirit has become the same. She's uniting together, bringing forth that same powerful blow of the Holy Ghost like he did back there is manifesting the same works that he did back there is being manifested right today. &gt;&gt; The same thing. &gt;&gt; Watch what Jesus said. Verily, verily, I say unto you, the son can do nothing except he sees the father do it first. What the father does, he shows the son. The father dwelleth in me, he doeth the works. See, now notice, here's another thing I'd like to say right here. As Jesus said, as the father has sent me, as now watch, as the father has sent me, so send I you as the father. How did the father send him? The father that sent him come down from heaven and dwelt in him. He went forth. He said, "I always do that which pleases my father." See, he went about doing the things that the father was showing him to do. I do nothing except my father shows me first. The God that sent him was on the inside of me. And as the father sent me, the same way the father sent me, so I send you. &gt;&gt; WHY IS IT GOD IN YOU? &gt;&gt; Carrying on what? The same works. The same Jesus said the he that believeth, he that has me on the inside of him, the Holy Spirit. He that believeth that's already witnessed my resurrection, know that I am in him. He that's in me, if ye abide in me, my words abide in you. They say, "I abide in Jesus, but I sure don't believe in divine healing." That shows he's not there. &gt;&gt; I believe in Jesus, don't believe in the Holy Ghost this day. Not like they had it back there. That shows he isn't there. &gt;&gt; The Holy Spirit will bear wick record of every word spoke. &gt;&gt; He's not a liar. He's not afraid of nobody and no organization. He don't have to take down for nobody. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; He speaks IT AND HE STAYS WITH IT. &gt;&gt; If the high and polluted and educated or uh as we call it bureaucrats, if they don't want to RECEIVE IT, GOD'S able of these stones to rise children of Abraham, he'll take gangsters and bootleggers and EVERYTHING ELSE AND RISE IT UP. &gt;&gt; God can do it. And he is doing it. God's able of these stones to rise children of Abraham. &gt;&gt; Somebody's going to do it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Cuz he's God. &gt;&gt; If you abide in me in my words and you ask what you will because you're asking his word and his word is life. Speak it. If God said it in your sh the Holy Ghost bearish record, that word's right. Then there you are, brother. Speak it. There it is. Say to this mountain, BE MOVED. DON'T DOUBT IN YOUR HEART, BUT BELIEVE IN WHAT YOU HEAR. &gt;&gt; Not you that speaketh, but the father that dwelleth in you, he doeth the talking. It's not you talking to that mountain. It's the father that's IN YOU. &gt;&gt; SPEAKING TO THAT MOUNTAIN, IT HAS TO MOVE. &gt;&gt; All heavens and earth will pass away. He said, "But my spirit shall not. My word shall not pass away." &gt;&gt; Certainly, it cannot pass away. father. Now the works that I do, God is in his church to continue his works. That's why he sent the Holy Ghost. Now he know that he he knowed it wouldn't be it couldn't be done that way. So was it by otherwise? So he had to send the father sent the son for all that's in front son in you and the same works that he did the same very works now that Jesus did you'll do also the church. Wouldn't you like to do the works of God? &gt;&gt; Jesus said, "If you won't do the works of God, believe on me." &gt;&gt; How you believe on him, you can't do it till you got the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Cuz no man can say he is the son of God. You're saying what somebody else said. &gt;&gt; The Bible said that he's the son of God. I believe the Bible. All right. The Bible says the son of God. I believe the Bible. The pastor says he's the son of God. I believe the pastor. Mama says he's a son of God. I believe mama. My friend says he's a son of God. I believe my friend. BUT THE ONLY WAY THAT I CAN SAY HE'S A son of God IS WHEN THE HOLY GHOST COMES IN AND BEARS RECORD OF ITSELF. &gt;&gt; Then I know he's a son of God. &gt;&gt; No man can call Jesus Christ only by the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; No man speaking by the spirit of God called Jesus a curse. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Or say it was something that day and something else today. That makes him weak and faulty. No, sir. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Any true spirit will bear record of that. All right. Now, he said, "These works that I do shall you also." John 14:12. Now, the same works. Oh, they say the church does a greater work today. In what manner? He said, "The works that I do that he said, well, we got missionaries all over the world. That's a greater work." But he said the works that I do &gt;&gt; now do them do them first. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Then talk about missionaries. &gt;&gt; Today speaking here some time ago about a Muhammad. And he said Muhammad's dead. That's right. He's in the grave, but someday he'll rise. He said if he rises from the grave, the whole world will know it in 24 hours. He said you people say Jesus has been raised 2,000 years. Not onethird of the people know it yet. That's because that you spoke from an intellectual view of it. You spoke from a standpoint of school or education. If this whole great church of God, counting, Catholic, Protestant all together had received the Holy Ghost, THIS WORLD BE LAYING SOLID IN CHRISTIANITY. There wouldn't be such a thing as communism. There wouldn't be such a thing as strife or enmity or meanness or hatred. Jesus would be sitting on his throne. We'd be walking through the paradises of God with eternal life, living forever, already resurrected in a new body, walking around never to be old, never to be gray, never to be sick, never to be hungry, walking in the joys of the Lord, talking with the animals, and oh, what a day. &gt;&gt; But we've done everything else besides what he he said, "Go ye into world and preach the gospel." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. What does the gospel not word only but through power and demonstrations of the Holy Ghost making the word of God manifest as the gospel. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You can't do it. Now Jesus know that he had to live in his church. Therefore he know we'd have intellectual schools. And you'll never get this in an intellectual school. They'll be against it. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Because all they know is some smart man's learning. Some creed or denomination. they want to to live by. So they'll they'll set you up in that and make you a member of that body and brother quote some things to you out of a creed that would seem like it was just perfect. The great holy church the mother it stood a many beat it stood a many a pound. So has the devil he's been kicked out of everywhere there is nearly and he's still going on just the same. Yes sir. Oh they'll try to quote these. So Jesus knowed that there'd be a great intellectual move just like there was in his days in washing of pots and pans and wearing of clothes and turned around collars and everything that they did all these different things that they would do. He know they'd do that. So he said, "Now just wait a minute. I'm going to not leave you comfortless. I'm coming again to be with you." Therefore, he said, "The works that I do, you'll do also." The purpose of sending the Holy Ghost was for God to continue through a bunch of people to continually manifest God to the world. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Not by a creed, not by denomination, but by the power of his resurrection. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; By making his word real, by taking his promise and standing on the side of THE MINORITY AND BELIEVING GOD AND WATCH THE BLACK SKIES MOVE BACK AND THE power of God move in and take over. Amen. That's what he wants. &gt;&gt; That's what the Holy Ghost was sent for. That's what purpose he sent it for. We know what it is now. And that's why he sent it. Therefore, no other blood would sanctify people. I couldn't sanctify you and you couldn't sanctify me because we're both born after sex. But Jesus was born without sex. That's right. So, his blood was a sanctifier. And God came down, made a body, lived in it, shed that blood for the sanctifying of THIS WHICH ABSOLUTELY EXPELLED THE GUILT of sin and shame. Then through faith, believing in that, God comes right down into that human body by the sanctifying of that blood. Puts in Abraham's seed by faith to believe that that blood would come. That pure blood that would be a miracle like his blood walked over there after is as good as dead. believed God for 25 years. Him 75 years old and believed till he was 100. And Sarah 65 and believed till she was 90. And he was one as good as the dead. And God said, "So the people won't be sure to miss it. Take him up here on the hill and offer him up for a sacrifice. Let it out. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. We hear words. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. You might Heat. Heat. You faithful. Home joyful and triumphant. Oh come ye, oh come ye to Bethlehem. For can behold him born the king of angels. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. Let's stand as we sing the next verse. Sing choirs of angels. Oh, sing choirs of angels. Sing in exaltation. Oh, sing all ye citizens of heaven above. Glory to God, all glory in the highest. Oh come, let us adore him. Oh come, let us adore him. Oh come, let us adore him. Christ. Yay Lord we greet thee. Yay Lord we greet thee. For this happy morning, Jesus to thee be all glory. Give. Word of the father now in flesh appearing. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. Oh Christ. Amen. We'll praise his name forever. We will praise his name forever. We'll praise his name forever. We'll praise his name forever. Oh Christ. And we'll give him all the glory. Yes, we will give him all the glory. Oh, we'll give him all the glory. will give him all the glory. Oh Christ, for he alone is worthy. He alone is worthy. He alone is worthy. He alone is worthy. Oh Christ the Lord. The brothers come for the offering. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him Christ the Lord. &gt;&gt; Good morning. Merry Christmas. Happy Sunday. Sure good to be with God's people, our visitors. Welcome to our worship this morning. Brother Brown called it a worship, not a celebration. And then he said, "Doesn't matter when you do it, just worship the Lord." So, we're happy to worship in spirit and in truth this morning. Our precious brother Ezekiel, the part of the Hernandez family is sick this morning. He asked to remember their family today. So, let's do that for brother Ezekiel. We'll miss him and his crew. Also, our precious sister Sophia Valencia, she's supposed to have surgery on her heart vow. So, we've been holding her up in prayer very serious, but we have a prayer answering God today. We serve mighty in miracles and wonders. We pray for a miracle for our sister. If the Lord wants to do that by miracle or by doctor or however, so remember her and maybe there would be one with the uplifted hand. You'd want to say, "Lord, remember me, my family, my loved one, my spiritual, physical, these mindful saints." Dear God, we're so happy to be in church today to worship you. Lord, we worship in spirit and in truth because you've given us the full word, Lord. the revelation of these last church ages, the Leodysian that we live in, Lord, and the voice you said to this generation. And may we be happy and blessed to hear this morning from heaven. We know that you are here. You promise to be here, Lord, where two or three are gathered in your name. We gather in the mighty name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, the speaker, Lord, will be you speaking through our precious brother and the word. and just pray that all things the specials, the gifts, Lord, we have for one another, but just in remembrance of the gift, the mighty, powerful, wonderful, Lord, in a humble way that you brought a child to the world, Lord God. And we're thankful for this precious gift, knowing Lord that you're not a little baby anymore, but you're a mighty God and a prayer answer. And God, we hold up our needs before you and just for your perfect will to be done for brother Ezekiel. Lord, his little boy is sick this morning with a fever and part of his crew and he just pray that wanted the church to remember the entire family. and for our precious sister Sophia Valencia. We miss her, Lord, in these health battles, Lord. But you're mighty above all health needs that we have, physical and spiritual, Lord, the financial pressures as we enter this season of giftgiving, Lord, but may nothing come between us, Father, as we commit all things to your mighty hands. We are uh grateful givers. We're thankful, Lord, to bring a tithe and offering, Lord, to the house of the Lord this morning. We do this all in the mighty name of our Lord and Savior, the Lord Jesus Christ. And all God's people say, "Amen." Amen. We have a lot planned for this morning. There's a lot of specials. A lot of scriptures are going to be read. And so, we're just going to uh u sing of course together, Joy to the World. We turn the service over to Brother Levi, and he's going to take the next segment after we sing this. Joy to the world, the Lord is come. Let earth receive a king. Let every heart prepare him move. And heaven and nature sing. And heaven and nature sing. And heaven and heaven and nature sing. Joy to the world, the Savior reigns. Let men their songs employ. While fields and floods, rocks, hills, and blades repeat the sounding joy. Repeat the sounding joy. Repeat, repeat the sounding joy. No more let sins and sorrows grow, nor thorns infest the ground. He comes to make his blessings flow far as the curse is found. Far as the curse is found. Far as far as the curse is found. He rules the world with truth and grace and makes the nations prove the glory of his righteousness and wonders of his love and wonders of his love and wonders wonders of his Amen. You can be seated if you'd like. And you come up and sing. And for that uh let's read uh John uh 1 verse4 And the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. And we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the father, full of grace and truth. was a tiny simple stable all beaten and worn. Hardly a place for a king to be born. He didn't choose some place special to reveal his majesty. So I know if I'll give him control, he'll be born in me. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let it live in me. Let it start. Live inside this house of clay and mold it every day. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. While outwardly I'm nothing, not much to behold. unlikely the place for his word to unfold. But if I'll just heal this vessel and let him have his way from glory unto glory. He'll change me day by day. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let it live in me. Let it start. Live inside this house of clay and mold it every day. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let it live in me. Let it start live inside this house of clay and mold it every day. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Amen. Up next, we'll have brother Trevor. And as he prepares to come, let's read Luke 1:es 30-31. And the angel said unto her, "Fear not, Mary, for thou hast found favor with God. And behold, thou shalt conceive in thy womb, and bring forth a son, and shalt call his name Jesus. Mary, did you know that your baby boy would one day walk on water? Mary, did you know that your baby boy would save our sons and daughters? Did you know that your baby boy has come to make you new? This child that you deliver will soon deliver you. Mary, did you know that your baby boy will give sight to the blind man? Mary, did you know that your baby boy would calm a storm with his hand? Did you know that your baby boy has walked where angels trod and when you kiss your little baby, you've kissed the face of God. The blind will see. The deaf will hear, the dead will live again, and the lame will leave. And the dumb will speak the praises of the lamb. Mary, did you know that your baby boy, the Lord of all creation? Mary, did you know that your baby boy will one day rule the nations? Did you know that your baby boy was heaven's perfect lamb? And the sleeping child you're holding is the great I am. Mary, did you know Up next we'll have Sister Melissa. And as Sister Melissa comes, let's read Luke 2 7 to8. And she brought forth her firstborn son, and wrapped him in swaddling clothes, and laid him in a manger, because there was no room for them in the inn. And there were in the same country shepherds abiding in the field, keeping watch over their flock by night. All is bright everywhere. But in your heart tonight, they're singing of joy and peace, but you feel too far gone, too far out of reach. Heaven hears the song. Your broken heart has cried. Hope is here. Just lift your head for love has come to find you somewhere in your silent night. From heaven's to the prince of peace won't go from manger low to hill. When your pain runs deep, his love runs deeper still. He has always loved you, child, and he always will. Somewhere in your silent night, heaven hears the song your broken heart is cried. Hope is here. Just lift your head for love has come to find you somewhere in your silent night. Lift your head. Lift your heart. Emmanuel will meet you where you are. heart. He knows your hurt. He knows your name. And you're the very reason that he came. Somewhere in your silent night, heaven hears the song. Your broken heart is cried. Hope is here. Just lift your head for love has come to find you somewhere in your sight of night. Love will find you. Amen. Up next, we'll have the choir. And as they come, we will read Revelations 5:12. If you would come on up and make ready. And I beheld, and I heard the voice of many angels round about the throne, and the beasts and the elders, and the number of them was 10,000 times 10,000 and thousands of thousands, saying with a loud voice, "Worthy is the Lamb that was slain to receive power and riches and wisdom and strength and honor and glory and blessing. of divine star of humanity. Unto us a child is born and he shall reign forever more. Noel, Noah, come and see what God has done. The world. The story of amazing love. The light of the world given for us. Son of God and son of man before the end. Born to suffer, to save, to raise us from the dead. Christ the everlasting God, and he shall reign forever more. Oh well. No. Come and see what God has done. No. No. The story of amazing love. The bread of the world given for us. Oh. All the saints and angels bow before your throne. All the elders cast their crowns before the lamb of God and sing you're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. All the saints and angels bow before your throne. All the elders cast their crowns before the lamb of God and sing. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. Far from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Day and night, night and day, let in. Day and night, night and day, let incense arise. Day and night, night and day, let incense arise. Day and night, night and day, let incense arise. Day and night, night and day, let incense arise. Day and night, night and day, you're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. For me are all things. Yes, you are all praise. You deserve the glory. Lord, you're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. Far from me are all and you are all. You deserve the glory. Amen. Up next, we'll have Sister Jesseline. And as she comes, we will read Luke 2:es 13-15. 13. And suddenly there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly host praising God and saying, "Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, goodwill toward men." And it came to pass, as the angels were gone away from them into heaven, the shepherds said one to another, "Let us now go even unto Bethlehem, and see this thing which is come to pass, which the Lord hath made known unto us. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Amen. Up next, we'll have brother uh Zach. And for that, we will read Matthew 1 21. But while he thought on these things, behold, the angel of the Lord appeared unto him in a dream, saying, Joseph, thou son of David, fear not to take unto thee, Mary, thy wife, for that which is conceived in her is of the Holy Ghost, and she shall bring forth a son, and thou shalt call his name Jesus, for he shall save his people from their sin. God with us. Come and yet miraculous. You shall call him Jesus. It's such a lovely name. David's throne reigning over Jacob's home. For the glory now has come and Jesus is his name. Lovely name Jesus. What a lovely name. All creation now proclaim Jesus. What a lovely name. Messiah come knocking out has now become broken bread to make us one and Jesus is his name. Lovely name, Jesus. What a lovely name. All creation now proclaim Jesus. What a lovely name. Joy restored. While that heart pierced by a sword gives birth to a risen Lord and Jesus is his name. God with us. Common yet miraculous. You shall call him Jesus. It's such a lovely name. You shall call him Jesus. It's such a lovely name. Up next we'll have brother Miguel and as he comes we will read Isaiah chapter 9 verse 2. The people that walked in darkness have seen a great light. They that dwell in the land of the shadow of death. Upon them hath the light shined. Yeah. for West under V. West Superto. and Wester. Vivary Vivary V. Amen. Amen. We have three more left. Up next, we'll have the Morris family. As they come, we will read Isaiah 53:es 3:5. He is despised and rejected of men, a man of sorrows, and acquainted with grief. And we hid as it were our faces from him. He was despised, and we esteemed him not. Surely he hath borne our grief and carried our sorrows. Yet we did esteem him stricken, smitten of God, and afflicted. But he was wounded for our transgressions. He was bruised for our iniquities. The chastisement of our peace was upon him. And with his stripes we are healed. as little children. As little children, we would dream of Christmas. When we would dream of Christmas morning and all the gifts and toys we knew we'd find, but we never realized a baby born one blessed night gave us the greatest gift of our lives. We are the reason that he gave his life. We are the reason that he suffered and died to a world that was lost. He gave all he could give to show us the reason to live. As the years went by, we learned more about gifts, giving of ourselves and what that means. On a dark and cloudy day, a man hung crying in the rain. Because of love. Because of love, we are the reason that he gave his life. We are the reason that he suffered and died to a world that was lost. He gave all he could give to show us the reason to live. I finally found a reason for living. It's in giving every part of my heart to him. In all that I do, every word that I say, I'll be giving my all just for him. For him. We are the reason that he gave his life. We are the reason that he suffered and died. To a world that was lost, he gave all he could give to show us the reason to live. He is my reason to live. Amen. Up next, we'll have brother John Yarro. And as he prepares, we will read Isaiah 96. For unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given, and the government shall be upon his shoulder, and his name shall be called Wonderful Counselor, the Mighty God, the Everlasting Father, the Prince of Peace. Let there be peace on earth and let It begin with me. Let there be peace on earth. The peace that was meant to be with God as our father. Brothers all are we. head. We walk with my brother in perfect harmony. Let peace begin with me. Let this be the moment now. With every step I take, let this be my solo vow. To take each moment and live each moment in peace eternally. Let there be peace on earth and let it begin with me. All right. And we'll have Sister Joy. And for her we'll read Luke 1 46. And Mary said, "My soul doth magnify the Lord, and my spirit hath rejoiced in God my Savior, for he hath regarded the low estate of his handmaiden. For behold, from henceforth all generations shall call me blessed. C is for the Christ child. Crucified for all. H for herald angels in the sky. Ours for our redeemer. I means Israel. S is for the star that shone so bright. T is for three wise men. They who traveled far. M is for the manger where he lay. A for all he stands for. S means shephers came and that's what Christmas means to me. That's what Christmas means to me. Amen. Do you appreciate our specials? Let's give them all a hand. Amen. Let's all stand as we change the order of the service. Let's go to the key of F and sing, "Thou art worthy." Oh, thou art worthy. Thou art worthy. How art worthy, oh Lord, to receive glory, gloryy and honor, gloryy and honor and power. For thou hast created, hast all things created. Thou hast created all things. And for thy pleasure they are created. How art worthy, oh Lord, for thou hast created. Oh, for thou art. All to be worthy. You may be seated for a little bit. Uh my name is Brother Miguel. Uh good morning. Um we do um appreciate all the songs. I I just want to go over them. I know you all read them. It's Jesus. What a lovely name. I beg your pardon. The first one is Let Your Word Beorn. Mary, did you know somewhere in the silent night uh No, no, no, you are worthy of it all. Go tell it on the mountain. Jesus, what a lovely name. Step by step, I go with Christ. In Spanish, we are the reason. Let there be peace on earth in Christmas. Um, I know we don't celebrate Christmas or things like that, but uh we want to uh I think the the one of the me first messengers that I can see in the scripture was uh I might be wrong at this, but a a shepherd a shepherd came out. He the the angels wait with the shepherds. So, you know, I I grew up with in the message and so forth and uh I grew up with with pastors and uh they're leading leading the way. So, I I like for I'm sorry, I'd like to uh have the brother uh uh brother McFaten come and and read uh Ephesians 4 11 and 12. Ephesians 4 verse 11. And he gave some apostles and some prophets and some evangelists and some pastors and teachers for the perfecting of the saints for the work of the ministry for the edifying of the body of Christ. So, I believe that our pastor here is doing that. Um, I'd like brother Chris to read Jeremiah 3:14 and 15. Turn, O back sliding children, sayaeth the Lord, for I am married unto you, and I will take you one of a city, and two of a family, and I will bring you to Zion, and I will give you a p give you pastors according to my heart which shall feed feed you with knowledge and understanding and I want to praise the Lord for we have one here. &gt;&gt; Appreciate it. &gt;&gt; I was listening to a message a while back and I can hear brother Brown. I guess you guys know this when he was in the vision and he had the the the bride coming through and he screamed out. What did he screamed out? Stay in line. The last one would be uh Ezekiel 34:23. My brother Jeremy Ezekiel 34:23. and I will set up one shepherd over them and he shall feed them even my servant David he shall feed them and he shall be their shepherd. So with this I just want to I think all of us we've gone through this past year uh we worked together we fought together we uh repented with each other through the through these years through this one year and I just want to uh we uh take these uh notes in mind and and and and pray for our brother our pastor and sister Sharon um uh there and we really appreciate them. They they gone through a lot. Um and we got we we're trying to get along with each other, you know, Acts 2:38, you know. So, if we can bring uh a little flower flowers for uh Sister Sharon, appreciate her. Unao and a little gift from the children's um Sunday school. Come on up. A little stocking for you guys. We're not going to leave it here. We're going to take that Yeah. All right. Um other than that, um let us uh uh stand up and welcome our pastor with amazing grace. &gt;&gt; Amen. Thank you, brother Paul. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that our I'm here. I want I see what's gracious. that I want you to praise. How Yeah. Power daily. Lift our hands. Say, "Praise God. Praise God. Praise God." Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Truly, he's worthy to be praised. Let's bow our head to him that we've given our praises to. Dear Lord Jesus, there's no one like you, Lord. We give you the praise today because you alone are worthy. Father, you alone have done what no man could do. They buried you. They took your life. You laid your life down. But you rose up again on the third day like you said. &gt;&gt; And you rose with all power in your hand. And you place that power in the church of the living God. And it's because of that power, Lord, that we can sing your praises today. It's because of that power it brought us here, Lord, to worship you in spirit and in truth. Lord, may you lay aside every weight. May we lay aside every weight, Lord, as we serve you today. Father, forgive us of our sins and shortcomings. There are many. We have failed you so many so many times. But forgive us just now at this moment, Lord. And may you feed us with your word of truth. May you give us strength, Lord, for the journey that lays ahead us, Lord. Rebuke the enemy that's trying to destroy us and discourage us. And may we be stronger than we've ever been before. Lord, we leave from here with the anointing of the Holy Ghost upon us as our prayer. We thank you. We ask these blessings in Jesus' name. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated just for a moment just to greet our visitors and any of our friends. Um, how many visitors are here this morning? Let me see your hand. There's a few there. And okay, so that that believe that's brother Joe and Priscilla Coffee. Is that right? Correct. God bless you. Welcome uh to to the service here this morning. Brother Bobby Figueroa is here home sweet home with his family all the way from Irma. So, we're so so happy to have the Figaro uh back with us and fellowshipping. Amen. Give the Lord a hand of praise. And we let you like to welcome each of you to the house of the Lord. I certainly enjoyed that um program. We won't call it a Christmas program, will we? It was quite a I mean, it's already 11:20 and so it's been going a little long, wouldn't you say? Huh? I want to see where I'm at this morning. I want to see where I'm at. So, God bless you. Just starting. All right. So, we were going to have evening service tonight, but I think I'll cancel that evening service. Okay. Anybody feel better now? Going a little longer. God bless you. So, I was thinking about it and then we don't have a Wednesday night service. The thing is when we cancel the evening service, what you going to do at home and twiddle your thumbs, just sit back, but we'll cancel that service because the service is going a bit late this morning and that'll give me the opportunity to say a few things that's on my heart. So, I just welcome you to the house of the Lord. And um this will be our final service before Christmas. And so, we wanted to appreciate that program, that singing. That was so nice. I really enjoy that. &gt;&gt; Amen. I enjoyed the choir singing. That was &gt;&gt; Amen. I can hear that one again. and I really could. So, we're just a blessing and thank you for all of the gifts and the fine goodies that you have given to us again every year. It's a nice little basket that you guys give us and we certainly appreciate it. Um, it's all mine and then I share with whoever I want to share with, but we certainly appreciate it. Thank you so much. And um so as we would like to go forward into the word of the Lord this morning, I'm going to ask you to stand and take your Bible and turn in the scripture in Matthew chapter 2. Remember, no ser service is canceled tonight. Wednesday night service is cancelled. And then um next week, Sunday morning, we have service Sunday morning, Sunday night, and then we'll have a watch night service next week, Wednesday. That's the order of services in Matthew chapter 2:es 1-1. Now when Jesus was born in Bethlehem of Judea in the days of Herod the king, behold, there came wise men from the east to Jerusalem, saying, "Where is he that is born king of the Jews? For we have seen his star in the east, and are come to worship him." When Herod the king had heard these things, he was troubled, and all Jerusalem with him. And when he had gathered all the chief priests and scribes of the people together, he demanded of them where Christ should be born. And they said unto him, "In Bethlehem of Judea, for thus it is written by the prophet, and thou Bethlehem in the land of Judah, art not the least among princes of Judah, for out of thee shall come a governor that shall rule my people Israel." Then Herod, when he had frivvily called the wi wise men, inquired of them diligently what time the star appeared. And he sent them to Bethlehem and said, "Go and search diligently for the young child. And when you have found him, bring word again that I may come and worship him also." When they had heard the king, they departed. And I like this here. And lo, the star which they saw in the east went before them till it came and stood over where the young child was. And when they saw the star, they rejoiced with exceeding great joy. Now another scripture we like to take is in Ephesians chapter number four. Verse number seven. But unto every one of us is given grace according to the measure of the gift of Christ. Wherefore he saith, when he ascended up on high, he left captivity captive, and he gave gifts unto men. Amen. Ephesians chapter, just the next chapter over, chapter number five in verse number 21. Submitting yourselves one to another in the fear of God. Wives, submit yourselves to your own husband as unto the Lord. The husband is the head of the wife, even as Christ is the head of the church, and he is the savior of the body. Therefore, as the church is subject unto Christ, so let the wives be to their own husbands in everything. Husbands, love your wives even as Christ also loved the church and he gave himself for it. That he might sanctify, cleanse it with the washing of the water by the word, that he might present it to himself a glorious church, not having spot or wrinkle or any such thing, but that it should be holy and without blemish. So ought men to love their wives as their own bodies. He that loveth his wife loveth himself. I'm going to title this message this morning. The greatest gift of all. The greatest gift of all. We'll pray one more time. Lord Jesus, we ask you to bless the word that we're going to bring this morning. Bless the saints in Mesa. Father, we thank you for this little group of people that have decided to follow you, Lord. I pray that you would uh speak to our hearts and give us exactly what we have need of today. It's in the mighty name of Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. The greatest gift of all. This is the Christmas season that we call it. And if you just take the scriptures in Matthew chapter 2 and in St. Luke, these are the two Christmas stories that we um can have the, you know, the timeline of our Lord's first return, our first coming. And it's a two-year difference. Remember the magi, the wise men that came, they did not come to a manger. We just read it for you. They came into a house. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So the magi did not, that scene you have of the nativity scene with the wise man standing over a little baby in the manger. That's not the scene. The shepherds saw Jesus in the manger. &gt;&gt; The wise men's met Jesus in a house. two-year difference. And so this is some of the myths that are dispelled. Also, December 25th is not the birth of our Lord Jesus. Even the many of the scholars know this. It was a convenient time to use for um you with the Roman gods and so forth. It just uh the early Christians will adopt it as a time to maybe commemorate his his birth or to recognize his it recognize his birth. The day really isn't uh in December, December the 25th. And actually the scripture don't give us the exact day, but we know and we believe it was not during December. It was not in the winter time. We also know that the wise men as we said come to a little child about two years old. This is why Herod sends this decree to go and kill all the children under two years old. So when did he really the really the first appearing was with the shepherds and the shepherds were out in the field doing whatever shepherds do and the angel of the Lord and the light shone on them in such a tremendous way. Now these shepherds these no-name people looks like it's just a random group of people. They're out in the field at night. Certainly, it wasn't wintertime with their herds. And the angels of the Lord came down and dealt with them and gave them a message. And when it gives them this message, they now leave from where they were and they travel to Bethlehem and they find where the little baby is with Joseph and Mary. They begin to praise the Lord. The scripture says the Lord made known to them that this was taking place. Brother Brandham preaches a message why it had to be shepherds. It's like nothing God does is random. Everything he does is on purpose. &gt;&gt; It's not a second thought. It's not just filling in the blanks. He does everything. It's by design. Even the way he made the human body, even the solar system, everything about a blade of grass, anything in God's creation has a design to it. And when God sent his word, this is by design as well. &gt;&gt; It was orchestrated very controversial. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; It is very highly people lost their life over this book. Many try to stop it from coming, but it came anyway. Many don't believe it today, but it's still here. And it is the greatest piece of word that you could ever read or ever have in your home, in your phone, in your head, or in your heart &gt;&gt; is the word of the living God. &gt;&gt; Amen. It &gt;&gt; it is by design. &gt;&gt; It was brought to us the way it was and the way it did. And this whole story with the shepherds now they begin to praise God. They went to send their message. They brought it forth. They left the field and went to Bethlehem. Says the Lord made it known to them. And then he they go to spread abroad what the Lord made known to them. And the Bible says that all of the people that heard wondered. Then they begin to glorify and praise God on their return. Then we see this little baby now going to be circumcised after the eighth day. Simeon in the temple. It was revealed unto him by the Holy Ghost to go and find this child. Anna who was also nearby 84 years old and still has the leading of the Holy Ghost in her life. &gt;&gt; Amen. You know, the Holy Ghost will deal with you at whatever age you are. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You're never too old for the Holy Spirit to move &gt;&gt; upon you. &gt;&gt; How many of you older saints can say praise the Lord to that? &gt;&gt; How many some of you older saints can lead a praise break in here? &gt;&gt; You don't you don't need the young folks. You Some of you old saints. So, here's Anna, 84 years old, a widow. If you search the scripture and look at the widows, it's tremendous how God uses them, but we're not going to get into that this morning. But the Holy Spirit deals with Anna, 84 years old, and &gt;&gt; and leads her and gives the prophecy over this child. So, this is two years before the magi even come. The wise men come two years later. This is already taking place. And then when the magi come, this is what starts the great eruption in Jerusalem. Herod comes after the child is trying to find him. Cause great trauma in Bethlehem by putting to death the all the children two years old and younger. It was a prophecy that that would be that way. It was terrible. It was horrible. But it was all in the scripture. We see this um man Joseph. Why was Joseph chosen to be the husband of Mary? He was a widowerower. Brother Vandom says or the scripture tells us. And brother Vandom says he was about 45 years old. Mary a teenager. There was a a spouse to get married. And the angel of the Lord appears to Joseph in a dream. Just a simple guy, humble guy. You know, you never hear of Joseph after the birth of Christ. There's no scriptures where Joseph said anything. &gt;&gt; The Bible doesn't credit him for speaking anything, but he did what was supposed to be done. &gt;&gt; He was in the lineage of David. &gt;&gt; The Bible says he was a righteous man and God came to him and told him what to do and he did just exactly what the Lord told him to do. We don't see Joseph at Jesus's crucifixion. We don't see Joseph mentioned in his ministry at all. But I believe God knew who he was. &gt;&gt; H &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. And he knows who you are, too. &gt;&gt; So this is Joseph. He chose Joseph. Angels and shepherds. And then Jesus being presented and then the wise men and then the flight going into Egypt. And this is the greatest gift that God could ever give humanity was to give his own son for the ransom of many. Interesting. Most believers, the real true believers don't focus on his first birth like others do. Most believers, we we we we really preach his death, his resurrection, and his soon coming. &gt;&gt; This is the next event that happens is the coming of the Lord. And the greatest singular event that if you ask a believer, you ask a Christian, he's going to refer you to the great judgment day &gt;&gt; that is to come. &gt;&gt; The heaven and our going into our heavenly home that is to come. The coming of the Lord that is in our future. But Christmas and remembering his birth is the past. It already happened. But it's nice to go back and look and see the events that took place. How how he came the first time and what was the purpose of his coming, the greatest gift that could ever be given. The pro the prophecies surrounding his life were tremendous. And we're going to go in the message here just for a moment and see what the prophet says about these three stars that came together. And the message early spiritual experiences. If you remember, brother Brandham was dealing before he became a Christian, he had these magi or the stargazers would approach him. And one specifically approached him and who had a son that was a minister and and began to talk to him about how she knew his date of birth. and he denied and and she went forward to tell him exactly the date of his birth and the time that he was born. This is a perfect stranger. And this is the woman who read the solar system, who read the stars. And this was her explanation to the prophet. Notice it's not a minister. It wasn't the a theological explanation. And this is a a woman who was trained in the discipline of following the stars and following the lights. And you'll see how these wise men were led by this pillar of fire. The the pillar of fire led them to Jerusalem. The pillar of fire led them to where the Christ child was. Let me say this. If if the pillar of fire ain't leading you, you will remain to be lost and without direction in your life. You'll never find clarity. &gt;&gt; YOU'LL NEVER FIND your purpose until A PILLAR OF FIRE REVEALS HIMSELF and begins to lead you. NOTHING GREATER THAN FOR A SON or a daughter of God to be led by the spirit of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. Your school master can tell you this. The government can tell you this. The preacher can tell you one thing, BUT WHEN YOU'RE LED BY THE HOLY SPIRIT, &gt;&gt; it's another level of him dealing with you. &gt;&gt; He leads by his spirit. Hear what the prophet says here. &gt;&gt; Amen. And she said, "You was born on April the 6th at 5:00 in the morning, 1909." I said, "That's right." I said, "Tell this sailor when he was born." She said, "I couldn't do it." Well, I said, "Why can't you tell him if you could tell me?" She said, "Because you were born under a sign. I don't know when that was to appear." She said, "Has ministers never talked to you?" I said, "I have nothing to do with preachers." I said, 'I don't have nothing at all to do with them at all. I'd always run from it, you know, thinking that, speaking to me, and I know that that was the same thing my mama told me them things was of the devil. I stayed away from them. See? And I said, "No, sir. I have nothing to do with it." She said, "Well, nobody ever told you that." She said, "Isn't it strange that preachers wouldn't know that?" I said, "I don't fool around where they're at." And I said, 'I thank you very much.' She said, 'Well, look, you were born under a sign. I want to tell you this as a gift. And she said, 'If you'd only could recognize it.' I said, "Yes, ma'am." I said, "Maybe I will be a Daniel Boone. I like to hunt. I was born in Kentucky." She says, "Like that?" She says, "No." She said, she called me. She says, "No, that ain't what I'm talking about." Well, maybe I'd be a businessman. I got a grammar school education. She said, "That's not what I'm talking about. I don't know what you'd be, but I know that according to astronomy that on that time," she tried to tell me about this of the cycles and in commemoration of the son of God, when three stars came together, she said there was three wise men. The Magi was following three different stars. They didn't know when they were coming. When they gathered together and met each other at Bethlehem gate, following three different stars, they formed the one morning star that hung over Christ. And she said one was from the lineage of Ham, Sham, and Jeff, the three sons of Noah. It said those three stars went together and made the one star that hung over Christ. It said then when they separated they never went to their orbits. They never been since it says now all the stargazers in the country never seen such as that and they never noticed it. It was just supernaturally given. And on talking like that with all of her stuff, well, I couldn't understand what she was talking about. She said, "In commemoration of that greatest gift that God ever give the earth, he sends back a something lesser in commemoration of that time." Well, I said, "Lady, I'm not a Christian. I have nothing to do with preachers. I have nothing to do with I don't know nothing about the star." So here, brother Vanam is sharing with us that this stargazer is identifying his date of birth and showing that when those planets align and crossed that in commemoration, God sends another great gift in commemoration of the greatest gift. &gt;&gt; Now he says it again in how the angel came to me paragraph 186. Now these three wise men came when they when they three stars they come from different directions. They met at Bethlehem and they said they found out and consulted one from the lineage of Ham, Sham and Jeff, the three sons of Noah. She said then they come and worship the Lord Jesus Christ. When they departed, they brought gifts and put to him and said Jesus Christ said in his ministry that when this gospel has been preached to all the world, Ham, Sham, and Jeff's people, then he would come again. Now, those planets, heavenly planets, as they moved around, they separated. They never been on the earth since, but said every so many hundred years they cross their cycles like this. There happens to be an astrometer here. You might know what she's talking about. I don't. So when she was SAID THEY CROSSED LIKE THAT AND said in commemoration of the greatest gift that was ever given to mankind when God gave his son when these planets crossed themselves again why he said he sends another gift to the earth and said you were born on the crossing of that time and that's the reason I knew it. Amen. So this greatest gift that we see happening in Matthew chapter 2, chapter 1, Luke chapter 1 and chapter 2, in commemoration of those, we see what's happening here in 1909. &gt;&gt; In the ministry of of the Reverend William Brham, Amen. &gt;&gt; had a tremendous gift. this explanation is being given to him that it was a commemoration. Now this um these wise men or the stargazers that were led to the Christ child, they were led by looking at their the the lights and the the heavenly bodies how they lined up and these three stars came together and made one. That's a detail we don't know in the scripture. The prophet gives us that detail. And those three stars represents the three peoples of the world. The three sons of Noah, Sham, Ham, and Jeff. It's a representative from all of those nations that saw this star. This came together in Bethlehem and begin to worship him. When that star came to Bethlehem, the the the the scribes and the priests Herod wanted to find out what is this all about. So they went and searched the scripture. They're a couple of years late, but they searched the scripture and THEY FOUND OUT THAT IT WAS A PROPHECY THAT IN little Bethlehem there would be a governor arise. What were they doing all this time? Sleeping. What were they doing? BUT THEY FOUND OUT THE PROPHETS ALREADY PROPHESIED THAT THIS WOULD TAKE PLACE. AND WHILE THE CHURCH IS NOW FIRST GETTING ITS first awakening, they were two years late BECAUSE HE HAD ALREADY BEEN BORN &gt;&gt; AND THE SHEPHERDS ALREADY RECOGNIZED him and THE MESSAGE HAD ALREADY STARTED &gt;&gt; AND LIVES WERE BEING TOUCHED, &gt;&gt; changed and the ministry already started. Thank the Lord. Because the shepherds had GOT THIS REVELATION. NOW, HOW DO YOU GET THIS REVELATION? Do you have to be smart? Do you have to be the most popular? Do you have to be the most willing? No. It's God by his grace. God by his sovereign grace bestows that upon you. And that, my friend, is what a gift is. A gift is something freely given. something that's not earned or owed. Like salvation is a gift. &gt;&gt; Grace is a gift. &gt;&gt; The Holy Ghost is a gift. Eternal life, that's a gift. &gt;&gt; Those are not things you work for. Those are not things that you deserve. You can never be good enough to get them. YOU EITHER HAVE THEM OR YOU DON'T. AND IF YOU DO HAVE THEM, IT'S GOD'S GRACE THAT GAVE IT TO YOU. &gt;&gt; IT'S NOT TRADING. YOU KNOW, OUR CHRISTMAS gift giving has become trading. You give me a gift, I give you one. THAT'S TRADING. THAT'S not gift giving. &gt;&gt; Gift giving is you just give me a gift, I don't give you nothing. Or did I say that right? I give you a gift and you don't give me nothing. That feel better? WE MADE CHRISTMAS A TRADEOFF. You giving me a gift this year? Oh, man. You give me a gift. Ah, I got to get you one, too. It comes with stress. It's like the end of the year with taxes. It's to the point where I don't want any money back from the government and I don't want to pay anything. Leave me alone. I'll leave y'all alone. You keep whatever and I'll keep whatever. AND GIFTGIVING IS COMING SO STRESSFUL. Why does it HAVE TO BE SO STRESSFUL? IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE A FREE GIFT. But if I give you a gift and you didn't give me one, tell me why you feel guilty. Because you're trading. Oh, brother gave me a gift. I forgot about him. He's going to feel sideways if I don't give him a gift. Pressure. But gifts that are freely given, like when you woke up this morning &gt;&gt; and was able to breathe. &gt;&gt; WHAT DID YOU PAY FOR THAT BREATH? WHAT DID YOU GIVE TO DESERVE IT? &gt;&gt; WHO GAVE IT TO YOU &gt;&gt; AND THERE'S nothing you can do &gt;&gt; to earn it? &gt;&gt; It's a gift. And the word of the Lord is full of these great fine gifts. The Holy Ghost is a gift. Salvation is a gift is freely given. And so these gifts now become a part of who we are. Now let's take in this message here Ephesians 5:21. And I want to deal with this in the message impersonation of Christianity. Paragraph 61, prophet of God says this. Now notice then the worshipper comes before God with this appropriate blood appropriated. It is the blood of the redeemer that redeems us. You put yourself in the pawn shop by sin. Adam put you in the pawn shop, but Christ came and he's your redeemer. &gt;&gt; You belong to Christ. God gave you to Christ. as a love gift for his sacrifice. And you are brought to Christ by the Holy Spirit who wooed you through the blood of the Lord Jesus and presented him as a gift. And God loves his gifts and he will not stand to see them destroyed. So you become a gift, a love gift to Christ. Paragraph 62. minister asked another one the other day which now pardon this has just a little bit of my own doctrine in it but in the tabernacle we do that now one fellow asked another the other day he says do you believe don't you believe if a man was once a child of God born of the spirit of God washed in the blood of the redeemed thoroughly by God by the renewing of his heart by the washing of the water by the blood through the word and becomes a child of God. Don't you think that person could sin and get away from God to where he would be lost? And the minister who talking being a very good Bible student said, "I'll answer your question if you answer mine." Do you think that a man could be so good that he wouldn't lie, steal, or do anything bad, but he would be SO GOOD THAT GOD WOULD receive him into heaven without the blood of Christ? No, of course not. &gt;&gt; YOU COULD NOT GO TO HEAVEN WITHOUT THE BLOOD of the Lord Jesus. NO MATTER HOW GOOD you are, it's only a self-made righteousness. And we're don't go to heaven on a self-made righteousness. No matter how good you are, it's totally impossible for you to get to heaven on your own goodness. It's the mercy OF GOD THAT BROUGHT YOU AT CALVARY. &gt;&gt; YOU'RE GOD'S LOVE GIFT TO CHRIST. And if God gave A GIFT TO CHRIST, Christ keeps his gift. All that comes to me, the Father giveth me, will come to me, and none of them are lost. I'll raise him up at the last day. I would really love for that to settle in our hearts and our minds. There is nothing that you can do to deserve to go to heaven there. IT'S TOTALLY IMPOSSIBLE FOR YOU TO BECOME GOOD ENOUGH TO MAKE IT over there. IT HAS TO BE A PURE 100% LOVE GIFT FROM THE ALMIGHTY GOD THAT GIVES YOU THE gift of eternal life, the gift of salvation. He makes it clear. He makes it plain to you. And now we try to turn it into works. So many times we try to get good enough. WE TRY TO GET BETTER. WE TRY TO do and work our way into some penance or some you know payback like Lord you did this for me so YOU SCRATCH MY BACK I'LL SCRATCH YOUR BACK NO it doesn't work that way the prophet says is if it was just AS MUCH AS GOD JUST MOVING YOUR TIE TO STRAIGHTEN your tie just a little bit just in that action OF STRAIGHTENING THE TIE FOR YOU THAT STILL WOULDN'T merit anything there there's some works uh involved D in it. You can't YOU CAN'T STRAIGHTEN HIS TIE OR HIM STRAIGHTEN YOUR TIE TO MAKE YOU GOOD ENOUGH. IT IS his goodness and his goodness alone, &gt;&gt; not our works. But it's in totally impossible. And that really is the gift, isn't it? That's the gift that we're talking about. But the myth is what it's become is this commercialized day of trading gifts and um the stress of giving the gifts and becoming um uh less worshipful and more ungrateful because of the gifts that we receive or don't receive. But Christmas is about giving. And it's about worship and it's about giving those gifts to the giver himself. And he now in turn gives you makes you one of his own and then he makes you a gift to Christ. You become a love gift from God to Christ. That's what Ephesians 5 is talking about. He presents you. He cleanses you. He makes you faultless and then he presents you as a spotless bride. He does all that and then he presents you as a gift. Let's read it one more time. Ephesians chapter number five quickly. Verse 26. that he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of the water by the word. So he takes his church, washes it by the washing and the water of the word that he might do what to it? &gt;&gt; Present it to who? &gt;&gt; Himself a glorious church. Let me say this and I've said this many times. The best person that can shop for me is me. I know exactly what I want. It's nice to get gifts from other people. It's beautiful. It's nice. But when I really have my my own option, my own desires, I I I see what I like and that's what I want. Right? And then Jesus, God takes this church, glorious church, and he presents it to himself, not having a spot or a wrinkle or any such thing. but that it should be holy and without blemish. So the gifts that God gives, they're high caliber gifts. They're quality gifts. &gt;&gt; They're gifts that maybe others can't see, but he sees the beauty in them. &gt;&gt; And when God calls a man or a woman, he chooses that individual from those lineages, Ham, Sham, and Jeff. And those are his choices. and he cleanses them AND HE WASHES THEM BY THE WORD and he CLEANS UP THEIR LIVES FOR THE PURPOSE of presenting it to himself. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; A gift really speaks of the giver. Speaks of the giver. You look at the gifts that are given. You look at the value of a gift. It speaks of the giver. Many times he speaks of the person that's receiving. There's some relatability between the giver and the receiver and the gift kind of bridges that together says a lot of what we think. You know Jesus says if you come to the altar and you realize your brother you have a ought with him says to leave your gift at the altar and then go make things right with your brother. The gift also in the scripture the priests Hebrews 8:4 said the priests offer gifts. And so whether you realize it or not that your praise and your worship today was an offering. It was a gift that each of us give to him. It's not about the praise and worship leader. It's not about who's leading the song service. &gt;&gt; But you have come to offer a gift at the altar to him who loved you. &gt;&gt; AND THOSE GIFTS, THE QUALITY OF THEM SPEAK OF WHAT YOU think about him. &gt;&gt; The wise men gave three gifts. Those three gifts were the gold, the frankincense, and the myrr. Speaking of their thought, their revelation of what this king would be was deeper than just, you know, th those those gifts had depth to them. They were meaningful. They had a meaning behind them. He's just a little boy. He's two years old. What are you giving this boy gold for? What are you giving him frankincense for? What are you giving him this myrr for? It was speaking of their revelation of who he was. &gt;&gt; And when you bring gifts to him, it's a revelation that speaks of your revelation that you have of him. &gt;&gt; So you move beyond what others are doing or saying &gt;&gt; and what others are giving. You move via revelation LIKE THESE WISE MEN, like the shepherds, like Anne AND SIMEON, LIKE ALL OF THOSE THAT COME TO HIM. THERE'S A REVELATION THAT MOVES YOU. And this revelation, this purifier that leads and guides, opens up to you on how to give. Lord, show me how to worship. I remember the DISCIPLES ASKED JESUS, TEACH ME how to pray. And some people just run off praying and they don't know how. You don't know how to pray, ask the Lord to teach you. If you don't know how to worship, you can ask the Lord. Lord, teach me how to worship you. If you don't know how to PRAISE HIM WITH ALL OF YOUR HEART, YOU SHOULD ASK HIM, LORD, teach me how to praise you, how to worship you, and stop following the crowd. Amen. It's a gift. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We bring those gifts to the altar. Now, not all gifts should be received. Everybody that gives a gift, uh, you can't receive gifts from everybody, right? The scriptures are clear in that. I think it's in there's a um a few Old Testament scriptures are talking about not receiving gifts because of it clouds the judgment. &gt;&gt; And there's not everybody that wants to give you something. You shouldn't receive everything FROM EVERYBODY. IF GOD IS trying to give you something, you receive that. But sometimes people want to give you stuff BECAUSE THEY HAVE SOMETHING up their sleeve. They have another thing working. They want to bind you to them and befriend you so you can lack in your judgment. And I'll say this, no matter what the gift is, I think the gift of wisdom is greater than any monetary or physical gift that anybody can give you. Lord, give me wisdom to know what to receive and what not to receive. Amen. So Christ is a gift to the world. His church becomes a gift to him. The prophet says this here. He says you paragraph 65, you could not go to HEAVEN WITHOUT THE BLOOD OF the Lord Jesus. No matter how good you are. It's only self-made righteousness. And we don't go to heaven on self-made righteousness. No matter how good you are, it's totally impossible for you to get to heaven on your goodness. It's the mercy of God that brought you at Calvary. And you ARE GOD'S LOVE gift to Christ. And if God gave A GIFT TO CHRIST, Christ keeps his gifts. All that comes to me, all that the father has given me will come to me and none of them are lost. I'll raise them up at the last day. Now, you might be emotionally worked up. You might have oil through your hands or speak with tongues, dance in the spirit, or join the church or some fantastics of the day, and you can be lost. Certainly, that's right. BUT IF YOU'RE GOD'S LOVE GIFT to Christ, you are safe. Now, your life will prove what you are. by their fruits you shall know it. If you're trying to make yourself act sweet and humble and so forth, then you are still on the outside of the kingdom. It's your own works then. And that's where the church, the people, so-called church have so miserably failed is because it's in their own personal work that they feel that they merit the goodness and the grace of God by what they do and how they live. But that has not one thing to do with it. It is a gift of God. Can I get a witness here today? &gt;&gt; It's not our merits. It's not our good deeds. is not how much we give. It's not all of our sacrifice. That comes with an appreciation. That just comes with our service. But we don't do those things to find favor. We don't do those things to make it into heaven. He has to give us those gifts. And the prophet of God is telling us that's where the church, the people socalled have miserably failed. They failed in making it based on works. Remember, if God wants you to know something, he knows exactly where you are. &gt;&gt; He knows where to find you. Gabriel found Zacharias in the temple. Gabriel found Mary where she was living. The angels of the LORD FOUND THE SHEPHERDS OUT ON the field. THE HOLY SPIRIT REVEALED HIMSELF TO SIMEON. IT WASN'T JUST GOING OUT FINDING ANYTHING. They were who they were. And because OF GOD'S GREAT LOVE gift to them, it came to them. &gt;&gt; And let me TELL YOU SOMETHING, YOU didn't find God. &gt;&gt; GOD WASN'T LOST. &gt;&gt; YOU WAS LOST. &gt;&gt; AND HE FOUND YOU. &gt;&gt; AND HE FOUND YOU WITH HIS LOVE, HIS GRACE, AND HIS MERCY. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; How we can labor on that? that is by his grace that's been given to us. You know this pillar of fire that has come down in this day. Great commemoration gift showing God's great message of the hour would come down in this generation and bring to us the truth of God. How many of us was trying to find the pillar of fire or did the pillar of fire find us? caught our attention, didn't it? Wanted us to see what's this great sight. What's going on? Moses in the wilderness. The bun the the the the the tree burned but was not consumed this fire. And when Moses saw it, he says, "Let's turn aside to see what this great sight is." The Lord found Moses where he was. The Lord finds you where you are and he calls you and he makes you who you are. And that's by his grace. Amen. It's totally impossible to get to heaven without this grace coming to you. Then make this point here that you become the gift of God. God keeps his gift. You become a love gift. He's cleaning your life up to present you back to himself. He purchased you out of the pawn shop. He restored you, refinished you, cleaned you up, gave you a good paint job, added some screws and some putty, cleaned it up, fixed it, and made you perfectly what he wanted you to be. And then he presented you back to himself to Christ. Now you become the love gift. Now, this second coming is really the Christmas that we don't want to miss. That's really the coming of the Lord that we all shall see him. &gt;&gt; Is that right? &gt;&gt; I was not in Bethlehem to be a part of that Christmas there. But the coming of the Lord is the greatest event that we're all looking forward to. Remember saints, he is coming soon and he's coming back again like the scripture said he would. This is the prophecy. This is the promise that's laying ahead of us. The Christian church is waiting for the coming of the Lord. He's coming again. He's coming in great power. He's coming to receive his own. Amen. Take a few scriptures for you on that. In St. John 14 1-3 says, "Let not your heart be troubled. You believe in God, believe also in me. In my father's house are many mansions. If it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you. And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again and receive you unto myself, that where I am, there ye may be also." But what a tremendous promise. Are you looking forward to that promise? The coming going to this place that he has prepared for you. Matthew 24:30. And then there shall appear the sign of the son of man in heaven. And then shall all the tribes of the earth mourn. They shall see the son of man coming in the clouds of heaven with power and great glory. And he shall send his angels with a great sound of a trumpet. and they shall gather together his elect from the four winds from one end of heaven to the other. Amen. Verse 36, but of that day and hour knoweth no man, know not the angels of heaven, but my father only. Verse 44, therefore be ye also what? Be ye also ready. FOR IN SUCH AN HOUR AS you think not, the son of man cometh. How many believe that &gt;&gt; he's coming soon? That's the great Christmas. That's really not the Christmas. That's the coming. &gt;&gt; That's really the coming of the Lord that we want to be ready for. He's coming in the clouds. Amen. &gt;&gt; Acts 1:9. And when he had spoke these things, while they beheld, he was taken up, and a cloud received him out of their sight. And while they looked steadfastly towards heaven, as he went up, behold, two men stood by them in white a pearl, which also said, "Ye men of Galilea, why stand ye gazing up into heaven. This same Jesus, which is taken up from you into heaven, shall come in like manner, as you have seen him go into the heavens. Now, these are documents. These are prophecies. These are the scriptures that are in your Bible speaking of his soon coming. Why stand ye gazing? The same Jesus shall return again. 1 Thessalonians 4:16, for the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, WITH THE TRUMP OF GOD. WE KNOW THAT SHOUT is the message calling the bride together. &gt;&gt; Shout the voice THE TRUMP OF GOD AND THE DEAD IN CHRIST. WHAT ARE THEY GOING TO DO? They shall rise first. Then we which are alive and remain. What's going to happen? Where's everybody at this morning? What's going to happen? WE SHALL BE CAUGHT UP TOGETHER WITH THEM IN THE CLOUDS TO DO WHAT? TO meet the Lord in the air. We're meeting everywhere else. We're going to meet over here, meet over, but we're going to meet the Lord in the air. &gt;&gt; THERE WILL BE A SHOUT, A VOICE IN THE TRUMPET. &gt;&gt; We which are alive and remain. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; Then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air, and so shall we ever be with the Lord. How many's in interested in that? 2 Thessalonians 1 verse 7. And to you who are troubled, rest with us. When the Lord Jesus shall be revealed from heaven with his mighty angels, and a flaming fire, taking vengeance on them that know not God, and that obey not THE GOSPEL OF OUR LORD JESUS CHRIST, who shall be punished with everlasting destruction from the presence of the Lord, and from the glory of his power, when he shall come to be glorified in his saints, AND TO BE ADMIRED IN ALL THEM that believe because our testimony among you was believed in that day. How many love the word? &gt;&gt; How many love the word? He's coming in the flaming fire. He's coming to take vengeance and all these politicians and all these foolish and fake believers and all the deception and the deceivers of the land. The Bible says he's coming again to take vengeance on all of that. All those that lied in his name, that spoke contrary, those that were uh absolutely against the cause of Christ, he's coming and he'll be glorified in his saints. This is the Christmas I'm looking for. This is not Santa Claus. &gt;&gt; This is not jingle bells. This is joy bells. &gt;&gt; This is the COMING OF THE LORD. THIS IS THE GREAT coming that is up the road for us. Christmas the the historical JESUS IS THE PAST. BUT WHAT IS THE FUTURE? The future is there is the coming of the Lord &gt;&gt; AND EVERY EYE SHALL SEE HIM. &gt;&gt; SOME EYES DIDN'T SEE HIM BACK THERE. BUT EVERY EYE SHALL SEE HIM COMING WITH GREAT VENGEANCE, COMING WITH FIRE, COMING IN THE CLOUDS. THE SON OF MAN COMING in his glory, COMING IN HIS STRENGTH. THAT IS THE GREAT ANNOUNCEMENT. &gt;&gt; THAT'S THE MERRY CHRISTMAS. &gt;&gt; THAT IS THE COMING OF THE LORD. THAT IS THE GIFT. &gt;&gt; THAT IS WHAT MY HEART IS LOOKING TO THE COMING OF THE LORD. &gt;&gt; THE greatest event to be. Revelations 1:7, "Behold, HE COMETH WITH CLOUDS, AND EVERY eye shall see him, and they also which pierced him, and all the kingdoms of the earth shall well because of him." And what did the writer say? Even so, amen. &gt;&gt; Even so, amen. Praise this wonderful name. Can I read one more for you? &gt;&gt; Revelations 19:11. And I saw heaven open, and behold, a white horse, and he that sat upon him was called faithful and true, and in righteousness he thus judge, AND MAKE WAR. HIS EYES WERE A FLAME OF FIRE. On his head were many crowns. He had a name written that no man knew but himself. AND HE WAS CLOTHED with a vesture. This is a mighty man here. DIPPED IN BLOOD AND HIS NAME IS CALLED THE WORD OF GOD. And the armies WHICH WERE IN HEAVEN FOLLOWED HIM. &gt;&gt; Now brothers and sisters, this is the great feature to happen in THE FUTURE. THIS IS COMING. EVERY YEAR they have this new movie coming out, some Marvel movie or some sci-fi whatever or the great movie, the great WHAT THEY CALL BLOCKBUSTER. THIS IS THE BLOCKBUSTER. &gt;&gt; THIS IS THE GREATEST EVENT COMING UP. THIS IS THE VISION. THIS IS THE SCENE I WANT TO BE FOUND IN. &gt;&gt; HERE HE IS. VEESTER DIPPED IN BLOOD, EYES OF FIRE COMING IN THE CLOUDS. ALL THE HOST OF HEAVEN ARE FOLLOWING HIM. &gt;&gt; WHAT IS IT? THE COMING OF THE LORD. &gt;&gt; But we're upset that we didn't get something from Santa Claus and we're caught up in the latest entertainment. Some people follow the chosen movie series more than they read their Bible. Yes, I'mma talk about it. You said, "Brother Israel, you're against the chosen." I'm not against the chosen, but if it's the chosen, should lead you to read your Bible &gt;&gt; and all those events. Some people go to the chosen before they come to church. You are the chosen. You was chosen to be at church on Wednesday night. NOT A MOVIE SCENE YOU CAN SIT DOWN WITH THE POPCORN AND WATCH. &gt;&gt; NOT A MOVIE OF SERIES. IT'S TALKING ABOUT YOUR LIFE IS THE CHOSEN. &gt;&gt; FORSAKE NOT THE ASSEMBLING OF YOURSELVES TOGETHER FOR SELF. THE WORD says &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; How many you know what the chosen is? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. How many want if I played it here tonight, would you come back? Yes. The entertainment of it. Oh, the way it's put together, the script, the writers. Who are the writers? That's a good question. Go investigate that. Anyways, if it leads you to the Lord, go get it. Go with it. But if it ain't I if it ain't aligning with this if if this is boring and that's more exciting to you, there's a problem there. &gt;&gt; Huh? &gt;&gt; Because there's a carnal nature that we all have. And that carnal nature wants to be entertained. &gt;&gt; It wants the revelation without praying for it. It wants the answer without digging for it. HE WANTS ALL THE CREAM, ALL OF THE DESSERTS, without the vegetables, without all the nutrients that are dense material of the word that will save your soul. &gt;&gt; It's easy to sit back and watch somebody lay out even a preacher preaching for you. The preacher is doing all the preaching. Oh, that's a beautiful quote. Oh, that's a wonderful sermon. Oh, we had a good time. What about your Bible, sis? What about your Bible, MY BROTHER? YOU HAVE to dig down and get these truths for yourself. &gt;&gt; And when YOU THINKING ABOUT THIS COMING FEATURE, the newest feature COMING UP IS THE COMING OF THE LORD THAT'S IN THE FUTURE. I JUST READ SEVERAL SCRIPTURES TO YOU. HERE HE IS. EYES OF FIRE. THIS IS NOT A GAME. THIS IS NOT A COMEDY SHOW. EYES OF FIRE. THE HOST OF HEAVEN WITH HIM. HE'S COMING TO BRING VENGEANCE on all those that were contrary to him. Amen. &gt;&gt; I'm going prepare my heart for that. Amen. Oh my. Verse. Can I read two more scriptures? Revelation 19:11. I didn't finish it. I saw heaven open. Behold, a white horse. He that sat upon him was called faithful and true. and righteousness he thus judge and make war. His eyes were as a flame of fire. On his head were many crowns, and he had a name written that no man knew but he himself. He was clothed with the vesture dipped in blood. HIS NAME IS CALLED the Word OF GOD. AND THE ARMIES WHICH WERE IN HEAVEN FOLLOWED HIM UPON WHITE HORSES clothed in fine linen, white and clean, AND OUT OF HIS MOUTH GOETH WHAT? A sharp SWORD THAT WITH IT HE SHOULD DO WHAT? &gt;&gt; Smite the nations. You don't hear THE TELEVISION PREACHERS PREACHING ON THESE SCRIPTURES. You don't hear the big crowds teaching on these words because it's not convenient for them. IT MAKES THEM FEEL UNCOMFORTABLE. BUT TO THE BELIEVER, HE SAYS, "EVEN SO, COME. &gt;&gt; COME, LORD JESUS. &gt;&gt; EVEN SO, &gt;&gt; LET him that is filthy remain filthy. LET HIM THAT IS RIGHTEOUS BE RIGHTEOUS." &gt;&gt; IT'S THE coming of the Lord. Out of his mouth goeth the sharp sword. &gt;&gt; With it he shall smite the nations. He shall rule them with the rod of iron. He treaded the wine press of the fierceness of the wrath of Almighty God. And he hath on his vesture and on his thigh a name written. What was it? &gt;&gt; OH COME LET US ADORE HIM. &gt;&gt; EMMANUEL, &gt;&gt; COME LET US ADORE HIM. MERRY CHRISTMAS, KING OF KINGS, LORD OF LORDS. &gt;&gt; OR HIS NAME WRITTEN, KING OF KINGS &gt;&gt; and Lord of Lords. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; King of Kings and Lord of Lords. &gt;&gt; One more scripture in the Old Testament. Can I read it for you? Huh? Old Testament. All right. Zechariah 14. Oh, I have many more. Somebody said, "Praise the Lord." Daniel 7:13 14. I'll close with this. All right. &gt;&gt; Keep going. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. That's what I want for Christmas. &gt;&gt; That right there. Thank you. Keep going. Yes. I saw in the night visions, and behold, one like the son of man come with the clouds of heaven came to the ancient of days, and they brought him near before him. Oh my. I wish I can preach this for y'all, but I don't know. Verse 14. And there was given him dominion and glory and the kingdom that all people and nations and language should serve him. &gt;&gt; His dominion is everlasting and dominion which shall not pass away. His kingdom that which that that which shall not be destroyed. Zechariah 14 3 and9. Then shall the Lord go forth and fight against those nations as when he fought in the day of battle, and his feet shall stand in the day that day upon the Mount of Olives, which is before Jerusalem on the east. And he shall flee to the valley of the mountains, and the LORD MY GOD SHALL COME AND ALL THE saints with thee. And it SHALL COME TO PASS IN THAT DAY THAT THE LIGHT SHALL NOT BE CLEAR NOR DARK, BUT IT SHALL BE ONE DAY WHICH shall be known to the Lord. And it shall be in the day that the living waters shall go out from Jerusalem, and the Lord shall be king over all the earth. And that day shall there be one Lord, and his name one. There shall be light &gt;&gt; in the evening time. &gt;&gt; The path to glory &gt;&gt; YOU WILL SURELY WE GOT A PICTURE OF THAT LIGHT. YOU know &gt;&gt; in COMMEMORATION IN COMMEMORATION OF THE GREATEST GIFT. THAT LIGHT RIGHT THERE &gt;&gt; in commemoration of the greatest gift. So many hundred years THE STARS CROSS THEIR PATH AND THAT GIFT STRIKES THE EARTH AGAIN. &gt;&gt; AND THAT GIFT IS EMMANUEL &gt;&gt; BEING MADE MANIFESTED &gt;&gt; TO HIS SAINTS. A GREAT LIGHT THAT SHINES IN DARKNESS. GLORY. &gt;&gt; That day the son of man shall be revealed. Amen. You talk about Christmas. You talk about praising the Lord. We got something to praise him about. &gt;&gt; Is that right? &gt;&gt; Yes. The great gift, the light has returned. What time is it, saints? Yes. All right. Let me close this message here. Just one service. Amen. &gt;&gt; Take my time. Take my time. You know, you look around when you say that. Look around. See what others look around. You'll see who sees. We'll see who's on board or not. Yeah. Just take a quick look. I see everybody's face. I see the I see the little eye roll. I see the little casual. I see I get your little signs. All right. And I will close just now. Now hear what the prophet says here. He says, "Now don't let this slip in the impersonation of Christianity." I'm going to close right here. Now notice paragraph 72, impersonation of Christianity. Now notice now in the bringing up of the church. Now of the church only consists if the body of Christ is only to be controlled by intellectuals, theology, mental conception, then we are wholly depending upon the intellectual knowledge of man. If I make that clear, if the church only rest upon the intellectual or how that a man could set the church and build big places and plush, excuse me, plush seats and the thousand pipe organ and how he could preach his message in such a way that would get the people into the church and join the church. And the more members on the book, the more the greater it is in heaven. You know, God doesn't count his group. He weighs it. &gt;&gt; It's not the numbers. It's the weight. &gt;&gt; It's the depth of the believer. &gt;&gt; It took one Abraham. One Abraham was worth a hundred Lots. Lot was a penny. Abraham was a dollar. And one Abraham with faith of ONE MAN CAN STOP THE DESTRUCTION OF THE CITY with his prayer interceding for a penny or two. SO THE MOST VALUABLE IS INTERCEDING FOR A LESS VALUABLE. BUT THAT'S WHAT GOD DOES. &gt;&gt; HE TAKES SOMETHING THAT IS NOTHING AND HE MAKES SOMETHING OUT OF IT. &gt;&gt; AND THAT IS REALLY THE VALUE. GOD WEIGHS HIS CHURCH. HE WEIGHS THEM IN THIS WORD. HE WEIGHS THEM FOR THE QUALITY. HE WEIGHS THEM WITH THE REVELATION. HE WEIGHS THEM THROUGH TESTS AND TRIALS AND TRIBULATION. &gt;&gt; AND THEY'LL STAND THE TEST. &gt;&gt; AMEN. ALL OF NEBUCHADNEZZAR'S CAMP, ALL OF THE FAKE BELIEVERS WERE BOWING DOWN, BUT THREE, THREE HEBREW BOYS STOOD IN THE FIRE AS A BELIEVER. NO FELLOWSHIP, NO CHURCH MEMBERSHIP, BUT THEY STOOD. &gt;&gt; WHY? THEY WERE TRUE BELIEVERS. GOD WEIGHS HIS CROWD. &gt;&gt; They were real believers. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, paragraph 73. I close here. All right. More members on the book. The more greater is it is in heaven. Now, I want you to get this and never let it slip. If we only need the intellectual conception of man, we don't need the Holy Spirit. If the church is to be run and governed upon the intellect, the educational program, and upon the intellects of mankind, we don't need the Holy Spirit. If it's to be run by the Holy Spirit, we don't need the intellectual. &gt;&gt; It's either one or the other. Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, science has given us the intellect. Science has given us the iPhone and the internet. Science has given us the knowledge. But the Holy Spirit has given us his word by revelation. &gt;&gt; And this Holy Spirit is sent to run the church. &gt;&gt; It's either one or the other. And what what what what it has come down to a close musicians prepare to come. What is that? What it has come down to that the most intellectuals now want to argue with the church of the living God over spiritual things. And spiritual things are not made to be argued over. &gt;&gt; They're made to be said amen to. &gt;&gt; SPIRITUAL THINGS ARE WHAT YOU RECOGNIZE BY THE SPIRIT. &gt;&gt; IT'S NOT AN ARGUMENT. IS NOT SOMETHING YOU WRITE OUT IN A PAPER. IT'S NOT SOMETHING YOU CAN POST ONLINE AND EVERYBODY AGREE WITH. YOU STAND UP ON THE REVELATION &gt;&gt; that God has given to you. &gt;&gt; And that's this entire Bible is supernatural. Your life is supernatural. This word is supernatural. It was never designed to be explained with the intellectual argument. There's intellectual people. There's smart people. Paul was smart. The Hebrew boys, they were smart men. God himself, nobody's smarter than God. &gt;&gt; But look at how he leads his church. It's either the intellectuals given by science, but what did God give us? He gave us the gift of the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; The gift of the Holy Ghost. What will that do for you? You young people, you're waiting to get married or looking to get married. Science has an app for that. Yes, it does. There's an app for you to find Mr. Wright or Mrs. Wright. You go on that app. You get your birthday. Oh, he says Sagittarius. Oh, he's a Gemini. Oh, really? What's his first name? What's his middle name? Oh, and you put all these uh h markers in there and you try to choose a husband or a wife based on this app. But then the Holy Ghost gives you a way to find a mate, too. &gt;&gt; And that starts on the rugged the old rugged way &gt;&gt; of falling down on your knees &gt;&gt; and waiting until the Lord gives you a revelation. How many know what I'm talking about? &gt;&gt; GOD HAS TO PROVIDE. IT'S MORE supernatural than anything. You talk about marrying from one culture to another culture. I've seen people marry from the same church, knowing each OTHER THEIR WHOLE LIVES, AND STILL THAT marriage fail. You've seen it, too. It's deeper than an intellectual matchmaking. It's diff It's MORE DEEPER THAN THIS ONE GETTING TOGETHER WITH THAT ONE BECAUSE THEY'RE FROM the same church or same city or THE SAME CULTURE. IT IS A SUPERNATURAL WORK &gt;&gt; THAT THE HOLY GHOST &gt;&gt; HAS GOT TO do that work for you. &gt;&gt; And apart from that, you'll be spinning your wills. &gt;&gt; But the intellectual, that's how Satan runs his church. But the church of the living God, the believers are ran by the Holy Spirit, which is a gift. That was a gift that the Lord Jesus gave to all of us. Aren't you glad about that? &gt;&gt; It's free. What can I do to get the gift? &gt;&gt; He gave it to you. It's freely given. &gt;&gt; It's a free gift. You receive it. You take that gift and watch it do wonders in your life. Then you become a gift to others. God bless you so much. Let us pray. &gt;&gt; Father, we thank you for your word this morning. We thank you for these precious fine folks, Lord, that have gathered here in your name. Lord, as we shared our heart to to the people here, what you put upon our heart, these words, Lord, of the great greatest gift ever given. It's your word, Lord. It's the Holy Spirit, oh God. You've given it to us in this hour. And I pray, oh Lord, that we recognize it's not by works. It's nothing that we can do, nothing that we can perform, nothing that we can pay or owe or repay. It is the sovereign gift of God, sovereignly given by the almighty God. Thank you, Father, for the Holy Spirit in our lives. Lord, we give you the praise. We give you the glory, give you the honor. And Lord, as we read of your soon coming, the son of man coming in glory with eyes of fire. Lord, a dream that brother Billy Paul had of his own daddy coming with eyes of fire, coming with judgment. And Lord, we know there's multiple meanings to these great prophecies, but looking at the clouds, looking at the host of heaven, looking at vengeance being taken, he that sat on the white horse name was called the word of God. Lord, that's the hour we're coming to. I pray you prepare our hearts for it. Dear father in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let us not be drunken with the day the day of the seventh age of Leodysia. Buying, selling, giving, taking. Let's not be consumed with that day, but let's consume ourselves with the day that is to come. The coming of the Lord. Amen. Somebody, why don't you look at your neighbor and say, "God bless you." The coming of the Lord. The coming of the Lord. That's what's coming. That's what's happening. That's what we're looking forward to is the coming of the Lord. Amen. Shalom. Peace and good morning. On the throne. Shalom. Oh. Oh, we are almost home. Shalom. Shalom. Shalom. Peace and good morning. He's on the throne. Shalom. Shalom. We are almost. Stand as we sing it one last time. Shalom. Shalom. Peace and good morning. He's on the throne. Shalom. Shalom. We are almost home. Let's go to key E flat. Sing down from his glory. Down from his glory. Everliving story. My God and Savior came and Jesus was his name. Born in a manger to his own a strangeanger. A man of sorrows, tears, and agony. Oh, how I love him. How I adore him. My breath, my sunshine, my all in all. The grace creator became my savior and all God's fullness dwelling in him. What condescension? God called decision, bringing us redemption. That in the dead of night, not one faint hope inside. God gracious tender laid aside his splendor. Still been to work to win to save my soul. Oh, how I love him. How I adore him. My bread, my sunshine, my all in all. The great creator decay my savior and all God's fullness dwell in him without reluctance. Without reluctance, flesh and blood his substance. He took the form of man, revealed the hidden plan. Oh, glorious mystery, the sacrifice of Calary. And now I know thou art the great I am. Oh, how I love him. How I adore him. My breath, my sunshine, my all in all. The great creator became my savior and all God's full name dwell in him. God is so good. Yes, God is so good. God is so good. He's so good to me. I love him so. Yes, I love him so I love him so I love him so he's so good to me. He saved my soul. He saved my soul. Yes, he saved my soul. He saved my soul. He so good. Oh, I love him so I love him so. Yes, I love him so. I love him so. He's so good, too. One more time. I love him so. Oh, I love him so I love him so I love him so he's so good to me. God is so good. God is so good. God is so good. Yes, God is so good. He's so good to me. Amen. We can sing that chorus. Jesus Messiah Key G. Brother Bobby Figo, it's good to have you here today. Maybe you can come and just dismiss us in a word of prayer. Jesus Messiah, the name above all names, blessed redeemer, Emmanuel, the rescue for sinners, the ransom from heaven. Oh Jesus, Messiah, Lord of all. He became sin who knew no sin. Well, he became sin who knew no sin that we might become his righteousness. He humbled himself and carried the cross. Love so amazing. It's love so amazing. Yes. Jesus Messiah, the name above all names, blessed redeemer, Emmanuel. He's the rescue for sinners. He's the ransom from heaven. Oh Jesus, Messiah. Oh Lord of all, his body the bread. His blood the wine. His body the bread. His blood the wine broken and poured out all for love. The whole earth trembled and the veil was torn. Love so amazing. Love so amazing. Yes. Jesus Messiah. Oh, the name above all names. Blessed redeemer. Emmanuel, the rescue for sin, the ransom from heaven, Jesus, Messiah, Lord of all. The name above all name. Blessed redeemer. Emmanuel. He's the rescue for siners and the ransom from heaven. Jesus Messiah, Lord of all, the rescue for sinners. The rescue for sinners. The ransom from heaven. Jesus Messiah, Lord of all, the rescue for sinners, the ransom from heaven. Jesus Messiah, Lord of all. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Let's bow our heads. Lord, it's just so wonderful to be here this morning. Lord, to feel your presence among us, Lord. You come down here. I can feel you. Just It's hard not to just be overcome with emotion, Father. Lord, to just feel your lovely presence, Lord, to hear what a powerful sermon we heard, Lord. The songs that were sung, Lord. You're worthy of it all, Father God. Oh, Father, that you came down and you died such a horrible death on the cross for us, Lord, to give us salvation, Lord. And it wasn't just salvation, Father. You took stripes upon your back for our healing, Lord. &gt;&gt; Through some of our darkest times, Lord, you carried us, Father. You walk through you walk through the valleys with us. Lord, you've been with us there. Lord, I'm so glad to to worship you, to call you savior this morning, to call you redeemer, to call you healer, prince of peace. Oh, father, you're everything. So unworthy, Lord. I feel like a failure at times, Lord. But time and time again, Lord, you prove yourself, Lord Jesus. Thank you for your mercy, for your grace, for your love. Lord, thank you for each one here, Lord. Thank you for putting those words on Brother Isel's heart, Lord, to to bring forth this morning, Lord. Lord, I don't want to miss it, Father. I want to be there. &gt;&gt; And I'm nothing, Lord. I would fail. I'd fall, Lord, but because your Holy Spirit can live inside me, Lord. I I can be there, Lord. I can I'm one of yours, Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; Give us ears to hear, Lord Jesus. Oh, Father God, that everyone would have a a soft heart, Lord. One that you could work with, Lord Jesus. Oh, be with us, Father God. We need you so much as this day grows darker and darker, Lord. Just be with each one, young and old, Lord. We love you so much, Lord. We thankful. We thank you for this gift, Lord, that you've given us, Lord Jesus. Blessed be your holy name. I just love you, Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I wish I could just say and express it all, but Lord, I sometimes you could just cry, Lord, and just raise your hands. Blessed be your holy name, Lord Jesus. I love you, Lord. I love you. I need you, Father, every day. Oh, Father God, be with us as we leave you here, Lord. And may you go with each one, Lord Jesus. We just love you so much, Lord. Be with each one, Lord, as they go and with their loved ones this week. May we never forget this Lord that you're that gift Lord and salvation Lord all the things you've given us Lord we love you Father we praise your holy name and just ask these things now in Jesus name amen I would like to ask the choir to come up and sing that song one more time is as before we're dismissed I'll sing one more chorus as they Um, but amen, he's worthy of it all. And just what a fitting way to end the service, just reminding ourselves, he is the reason for the season. And we just want to give him all of our praise, all of our honor, all of our glory. Amen. So, just remain standing until as we sing this. I came to worship you. I came to sing your praise. And if the choir could come and sing the the songs that you did earlier in the service one more time. I came to worship you. I came to sing your praise. I came to love you Lord. your holy name to reign. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, how I worship you. You are my Lord. Amen. You can be seated. And when they're done, you can dismiss yourselves. You can stay in worship. Amen. Lord bless you. Incarnate star and angels gave the signow of humanity. Unto us a child is born and he shall reign forever. Noel, Noel, come and see what God has done. Noel, Noel. The story of amazing love. The light of the world given for us. So well, son of God and son of man &gt;&gt; there before the world began. &gt;&gt; Born to suffer. Born to save. &gt;&gt; Born to save. Born to raise us from the grave. &gt;&gt; Christ the everlasting Lord and he shall reign forever more. No well. No well. Come and see what God has done. No well. No well. The story of amazing love. The light of the world given for us. No. Hello. All the saints and angels bow before your throne. All the elders cast their crowns before the lamb of God and sing you're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. All the saint angels bow before your throne. All the elders cast their crowns before the lamb of God and see. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve it glory. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. far from you are all things. And until you are all things, you deserve the glory. Night and day inensive. Day and night, night and day, let incense arise. Day and night, night and day, let it incorrise. Day and night, night and day, let it srise. Day and night, night and day. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of love. Oh, for you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. For you are all and to you are all you deserve the glory worthy. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I say I am I am here to meet your needs not to fill the angel's wings to give you a blessing and to deliver you. I love you. I care for you. I am here to set you free. Receive my deliverance. I LOVE YOU. I DIED for you. Receive my Holy Spirit in your soul and be delivered in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Thus saith the Lord. Thank you. There you go. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I love you. Good job. Hey. Hey. trying to build. Hallelujah. Hey, heat. Hey, hey,
