################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-23 - Sunday Morning 03-23-25 - Israel Powe.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-23
Title:   Sunday Morning 03-23-25
Speaker: Israel Powe
Church:  Shalom Tabernacle Tucson
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RUi0O1JZXbE
========================================

[Music] [Music] Good morning everyone. Can we all stand to see everybody Sunday school in prayer? Heavenly Father, Lord, we're coming to you once again, Lord, in need of a Lord, more of you, more of your word, Father, more of your spirit. Father, we pray that you just bless our time together now as we hear the preaching of your word, Father. May it just inspire us, Lord. bring us to a place, Father, that we would take action on everything we hear, Lord, that you'd bring us into the place of prayer, Lord, that we can just commune with you. Be with everyone that would be traveling and on the way, everything that would be done in this house of worship today, Father, the morning service, the evening service, the music practices, whatever it may be. We pray, Father, that someone would be led closer to you. Someone would be saved, healed, Father, or filled with thy spirit. And we'll give you all the praise and the glory for it in the name of Jesus Christ. We'll be continuing with the uh Pergamian church age. We'll be starting at paragraph 122 and we'll end after 154. Can we sing Only Believe together? Only believe. Only believe. All things are [Music] possible. Only believe. Only believe. Only believe all things are possible only [Music] beyond this country said what if Mr. Kennedy gets elected the Catholics to take over. Take over. They already did it long time ago and you didn't know nothing about it. Amen. Amen. Who pays your teachers? How do they get these things to go to their schools and teaching Catholicism right in their school and you taxpayers pay for it? Amen. Amen. Right under your nose. See, like that. Oh my. I have worked in the Bible said he'd take it by flatteries and he didn't. Amen. That's right. See, pay taxes on nothing. So, oh, so much could be said here. I just have to cut off them spots and go back again to pick up. In order to get this thing to working, Constantine set up a lot of um worldly entertainment to attract the attention of both pagan and Christians into the church. Are you spiritually minded? Amen. Are you thinking, "Isn't that the message of the hour?" The church has bunko games, parties, giveaway cars, and just to get them mixed together. Welding that power back together till they get a striking place. Just write your That's history. Someone has no no axe to grind. They're just quoting what happened. But he did it. Welded the church together by having worldly entertainments to bring together the nickelian church. Now remember, he could not touch that born again church. No sir, not any of them. But the farm old nickelian church fell for it. What do we have in our Protestant churches? soup, suppers, entertainment, skating home, rag sales, and everything else. Now, you know that's the truth. Well, now that if that is God's word, friends, it's the truth. And all Protestant churches are guilty. Amen. Amen. Amen. Now, never was God's plan to have soup suppers and dances and the basement and all that they're carrying on to pay off the pasture and the things. If people are just taught to pay their tithes, that would be all there'd be to it. That's God's plan. But God has a plan. But man wants to make his own plan. Hybrid God's plan. All right. Now in doing this they consolidated and made the early form the early Catholic church later. Then at the first great nine council when I read that I just fell on my knees. The great nyine council had taken place in AD 325. All of them was brought together. the bishops and fathers of the Christian faith was brought together at Nia. That's reason it's called the Nya council in AD 3:25 and about 1,500 delegates came to the the the convention or the council about 1,500 delegates and the leoty outnumbered the bishops 5 to one in the delegation. But yet through the Nicoladians, the co-farmals and Constantine's politician plan they outvoted the true church and won the victory and issued in bishops and holy order of man. Taken this the Holy Spirit from the meeting and placing it up on bishops, cardinals and popes and so forth. the same crooked deal that the Democrat party played in this last thing. Amen. Now, that's right. Now, we're not I the Republicans would be just as low down, but I'm talking about one thing that they prove Edgar Hoover in California and many other places. They had those vote machines placed to where you'd vote for Mr. Nixon, you had to vote for for Kenny at the same time. He didn't have a chance. Well, now that they've proved that wrong, then why don't they do something about it? Amen. We're living in the hour. That's it. We're at the end time. They know it. They prove that they were crooked. And now they won't do nothing about it. That was a crooked outfit back there. And here's the birth of it again. Amen. to get in a certain man to get over a certain doctrine. Nickelodeon doctrine, which was once just a a deeds, now it's become a doctrine. The days of Al Smith, it was a deeds, but now it's a doctrine. Now it's here. It's upon us. Oh, you make a Jim Dandy president. No doubt about that, mama. Certainly. For that next turn. Amen. Amen. Till they can get welded in. Amen. Get these pagan and Christian formals weld together. They're working on Bibles to try to bring it together. The popes, the cardinals, the archbishop of England, the archbishop of Cterbury. I met him shall talk to him myself when I was in England. Leagan's all come up almost to his hips and kind of a funny dress fella. But he went over to visit the pope the first time they visit for hundreds of years. Amen. What is it? We're at the last hour. Amen. That's why I'm standing here tonight instead of out here on the platform somewhere else trying to preach and pray for the sick. And I can't meet them all on the platforms these messages over and over. And that's the reason we're taking it on tape and sending it to the world. They might be warned and get back to the faith. Amen. Even at the last of the Christian age, Jude before the book of Revelations is written, St. Jude, supposed to be the brother, foster brother of Jesus, said, "I want you to earnestly contend for the faith that was once delivered to the saints." Amen. They begin to get away from it then at the death of the Lord Jesus. And now, how far is it away tonight? See now this first nine council and uh it was an 80 330 uh 325 about 1500 delegates and bishops attended the meeting but they overruled them in some foggy stormy council it was and they overruled them and voted in that the Nickelians took over and that was to take the all the church and put it under a supervision of popes or or bishops or something. Taken the power from the church and giving it over to the bishops that the bishop should rule a church and the only one that had anything to say about it. You notice in the Catholic church today, you can't read that Bible. That's not for you to interpret. That's the bishop. See where it come from? Now you can see what the Nickelians really was. Amen. Before it began to squeak and crawl, it was born right there. Amen. It's true. And it was a form of Christianity. Still is. Amen. Amen. And then the Protestant types right after the Bible, Revelation 17 said to the mother and the daughters. Amen. We'll get to it after a while, the Lord willing. Now, you notice it's the same today. They took over. Now, Constantine used Balum's strategy. Now, I want you to try to listen as close as you can. Now, he said here in the Bible here, "Hold fast my faith." Now, have a few things against thee because thou has thou because thou has their them, not these here, but there they have them. You have them in the in the Pergos church. See, holding the doctrine, the doctrine of Balum, who taught Bailo to cast a stumbling block before the children of Israel, to eat things sacrificed into idols, and to commit fornications. Now, Constantine used the same strategy that Balum did. They had a meeting after this council meeting here that the bishops was put over the churches and so forth to rule it and take all the power from the ley and they had no thinking of theelves neither they have any right to interpret the scriptures and it was all to the priests was to do the interpretation of the scriptures. Finally after a while they make a master priest and they a viker which was the pope but now they've come to the spot where they put all the the understanding belongs to the priest and the congregation don't have to read the bible they don't have to do nothing and frankly they the Bible's kept from them and now they they've taken it all over upon themselves and it was voted in thus because it looked good. It looked good because they was rich and so forth and he gave the at this great meeting when he called together Constantine gave the bishops nice buildings. He got a hold of some money and and all these big places of great like uh buildings. He gave these over to the church that they could use them as as church houses. Oh, they were nice buildings, all dressed up and so forth. So, he gave them over to the church. Besides that, he dressed up these bishops with great big robes and the underskirts and things under him. And besides that, he put them up on a build a high place like this and put them up on there like an idol. And down below them, he made marvel altars under them. And he did all this converting from the pagan idea over and bringing Christianity into it, but taking their bishop. See, they just took down the idol and put up the bishop. Amen. See? Amen. Making him an altar. The same thing in making him a god. put up the bishop and he had all say so dressed him all up and made him look like a god instead of putting him like they're pagan gods they put him on a robe like Jesus wore see and they made him just look like an idol sitting there oh you can imagine how the pagans said well I can go for that there's somebody can speak back to us we've been talking to an idol but this man can speak back to us how the Christians thought, "Well, that's just fine. Now, we can do anything we want to cuz there's our God. We can just we can talk to him. He can tell us back what to do. If we sin, we tell him about it. Give him a little something and a little do a little novena or something." And the first thing you know, we're all right. Go back out and feel free again. We don't have to worry about nothing. Oh, that looked good. Sure, it still does to the carnal mind. Amen. But you'll never poke that down a born again child of God. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. For he knows who he has believed and persuaded that he's able to keep that which is committed to him against that day. And forgetting the things that's in the past, we press towards the mark of the high calling. Hallelujah. Amen. In Christ. Amen. Oh, how thankful I am. Marble altar undering setting up here real dress to find church. Oh, how this all fixed up. All right. And this altar was overlaid, this marble altar, beautiful. Yeah. Same thing. Overlaid with gold and studded with gems, jewels in this altar. Beautiful, very fitting it was to the Nickelians and to the pagans. See what he did? He took the pagan ceremonies, the pagan ideas, and took Christianity, the cold farmers that didn't know better, didn't have the Holy Ghost to lead them different, and made him a god here on earth and made an altar for them and a god to sit there to forgive their sins. Are you spiritual? Do you understand what I mean? See what it is? a sin passing forgiveness on earth. I'm not quoting that from my mind. That's the history. Give you a page and number of the sacred history. The same as I can tell you George Washington and Abraham Lincoln and the Battle of Gettysburg and so forth. Amen. Sure. All those things are history I'm quoting here. Now, it was very fitting to not to this born again church. No sir. Well, when they put a man up there now to be a head bishop to uh recite ceremonies, of course that run the full gospel come out of it. It does yet today. Them ages are just carried over. Just slapped over. See, another form, another day. Oh, when they put a dignitary up there like a god and he'd have a few ceremonies said and notice that the pagans prayed to their dead ancestors and a Protestant church that would stand up and say, "I believe in the Holy Roman Catholic Church and the communion of saints." You Methodists, hide your face. Presbyterians and Luther, anything that intercedes with the dead is spiritualism. Sure. But now the Protestant can't laugh at the Catholic. He does the same thing. Makes us all sufficient confession that he believes the same name. Baptized right back into the Catholic church by his water baptism. Rejectingly making fun of people who try to live that right. Go to a church and see people shouting under the power of God and stand outside and make fun of it. Oh, see spirits don't die. People do, but not spirits. Amen. See, the Holy Spirit, it can't die. It was on Jesus. Now it's in his church. Always will be until he comes for his church because it's a part of him. See, the old persecutors, they they made fun of him back there in that day. They still live here today. God takes his man, but not his spirit off the earth. The devil takes his man, but never the spirit uh out of the earth. Those priests that sanctioned Jesus death that said he was a fortune teller or a devil, them fellas was religious as all religious could be. That's right. They know that scripture by letter, but they didn't know the true interpretation to it. They had their own idea and they wouldn't listen to nothing else. And then they seen him in no how could they fail to see that Jesus didn't qualify to everything every prophet ever said about him. Amen. But they were blind and God said he blinded their eyes for a purpose that we might have a chance for salvation. Amen. Now the Bible's predicted again that he'll that we are in this Pentecostal age is naked, miserable, blind, and don't know it. There's the condition of the church, Philadelphia. Oh, you formal Baptist, Presbyterians, and Pentecostals. See, there you are. Sometimes I don't mean that to you sitting here. I'm on a tape. You see, I know where it's going. Repent. Get back to the Bible. Get back to Christ. All right. But that's what taking place. The full gospel was pushed out. The signs and wonders in the church was dispelled. And when the Holy Spirit group was excommunicated from amongst the others, then they denied that there was a day of such and it was at that and they do the same thing today. It's exactly you see the spirit of it as I told you in the beginning. Put on your spiritual thinking. Let God open up your heart. Don't be prejudic. Sit and listen. Say, "Holy Spirit, reveal to me I sit." There it is. Ceremonies where Baptist, Presbyterian, even Pentecostals, it's become a religious ceremony. Only thing they do is beat on a piano something or jump up and down a while. As soon as the piano stopped, go out, cheat, steal, lie, everything else. But the real and enough temper to fight above us all. Talk about everybody and everything. See, there you are. Not only Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, Catholic, but Pentecostal church in the late age here. Oh, why don't you get back to that what your forefathers have? Why don't we come back to real Pentecost that sanctifies and fills with the Holy Spirit that brings Christ to us? That's what we need. All right. Now same today. Now the word Pergamus means married. The very word Pergamus means married. Christianity that is the Nickelodeon side the formal side married the to the state with pagan ceremonies. pagan ceremonies. And it was the birth of the Catholic Church. And that day [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] You don't [Music] feel Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] talking about this. Let's go. Let's go on talking about the Lord. Well, the devil don't like it talking about this good old way. Devil, he don't like it talking about the Lord. So, let's go on. Let's go on about this good old way. Let's go on. Let's go on. Let's stand as we sing the chorus one more time. Oh, talking about this good old way. Devil, we don't like it. Talking about the Lord. So, let's go on. Let's go on talking about this good old way. Let's go on. Let's go on talking about the Lord. Amen. So good to be together again this morning. Good to see the Morris is back from vacation and healthy as well. Amen. Visitors, nice to see the Himry here with us morning. Brother Wilson, would you come open our service with a word of prayer? God is good. said, "How many came with an expectant heart today?" Amen. Amen. Trust we all raised their hand. I wasn't looking, but we're going to get what we expected. So, if we expected something to criticize, you've already found it just listening to the first song. But we came to hear from him. We're not going to be disappointed this [Music] morning. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, in the matchless, majestic, magnificent name, I heard the word say that e every knee shall bow and every tongue shall confess. So your name is awesome. In fact, it's awesome in this place because you're here and that's what makes it awesome. So, Father God, as a service begins today and we've heard the word of God just a moment ago, and we've been worshiping the Lord, hearing the music, and now we're here. We're our hearts are tuned, Lord. We're ready to move in the spirit, move in to the atmosphere that that create signs and wonders and miracles and miraculous and supernatural things. May you come and walk among us as you did there in the book of Revelation. You walked among the seven golden candlesticks. Come and walk among us this morning. Speak to us the word of God. Let it be such a reality, such a revelation till we leave here. Change, transform, revolutionize, moved up another notch as it were. In Jesus' name, we offer the prayer. Amen. Thank you. Amen. Just turn around, shake hands with a couple people around you. Don't walk around. Just turn around, shake a couple of hands this morning. We'll go to the key of E flat. God is good all the time. You can be seated if you'd like. Yes, God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. He's so good all the time. Now, if you're walking through the valley and there are shadows all around, do not fear. He will guide you. He'll keep you safe and sound. Cuz he's promised to never leave you nor forsake you. And his word is true. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. He's so good all the time. Now we were sinners so unworthy. Still for us he chose to die. He filled us with his holy spirit. Now we can stand and testify that his love is everlasting and his mercies they will never end. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. He's so good all the time. One more time. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good. He's so good. God is good. He's so good. God is good. He's so good all the [Music] time. And one day I'm going to take a step toward my theophony. One day I'm going to take another step into my theophony. One day I know that final step. Oh, it's going to set me free. My theopy. Oh, I hear it calling me. It's calling. Come up. Oh, it's calling. Come up a little higher into the perfect word is calling. Come up a little higher into a God beloved is calling. Come up a little higher. Soar through the heavenly my theophony. Oh, I hear it calling me. And over the next hill I look. Well, over the next hill I look. Oh, I see victory around the next turn in the road. That old devil, he's got to flee. God's army is a marching marching onward to slay that old enemy. Around the next turn I see King Jesus coming for me. One day I'm going to take a step. Oh to m the I'm going to take another step. Oh to my the one day I know the final step is going to set me free at the offeny. Oh, I hear it. Let's sing that first verse. Don't you worry, little children. Oh, now don't you worry, little children. Should death knock on your door. Well, don't you know death is a doorway that leads to the heavenly shore. And over there there's no heartache, there's no sorrow, grief or pain, just perfect joy and love beyond compare. Amen. We have a number of song specials this morning. Wonder if Brother Joel if you could prepare to come and and sing for us and just sing the chorus one more time as he comes. One day I'm going to take a step oh toward my theophony. One day I'm going to take another step toward my the off. One day I know that final step it's going to set me free. My theophony. Oh, I hear it calling [Music] me. I'm going to sing a song that I think everybody's familiar with here. Was written in the 90s. Oh, have you read all the bad news in the internet? Things are getting bleaker every day. But for the child of God, it makes no difference. It's bound to get better either way. Oh, I have never been more thrilled about tomorrow. For that resurrection could happen any day. Oh, I just feel like something good is about to happen. Woo! Brother, it could be this very day. Oh, I have learned in all of life's problems just to praise him. Oh, for I know he's working all things for my good. Every tear that I shed is worth the investment. He said he'd see me through. I knew he would. Oh, he promised to never leave me nor forsake me. Oh, all things he has in store for those who [Applause] pray. Oh, I just feel like something good about me. Woo! Oh, brother, it could be this very day. Now listen, it has been a years since the [Music] promise. Oh, I'll ride this trail one more time. He said the spoken word would be the manifestation. The latter rain would fall. He'd raise the dead. A change in the Oh, the bride has been looking forward to a revival, a change in this body of flesh, and then we'll rise. Oh, I just feel like something good is about to happen. happen. Oh, and brother, it could be this very day. Sing the chorus with me. I just feel like something good is about to happen. Oh, I just feel like something good is on its way. [Music] God promised that he'd open all of heaven. Oh, the latter rain would fall in just any day. Oh, if God's people humble themselves and call on Jesus. Oh, and look into heaven expected as a pray. Oh, I just feel like something good is about to happen. And brother, it could be just hit a day. Let's sing that one more time. Oh, I just feel like something good is about to happen. Oh, I just feel like something good is on its [Applause] way. God promised that he'd open all of heaven. Oh, the latter rain would fall just any day. Oh, when God's people humble themselves and call on Jesus. Oh, and look into heaven expected as they pray. Oh, I just feel like something good is about to happen. And brother, [Music] it Well, there's a feeling in the air that God is everywhere. It's that resurrection power that's moving in this hour that Jesus might be glorified. Let's sing that one more time. There's a feeling in the air that God is everywhere. Oh, it's that resurrection power. It's moving in this hour that Jesus might be glorified. Oh, I will glorify the name of the Lord. I will glorify his name and his resurrection power that's moving in. Let's stand as we'll sing it one more time as the brothers come for the offering, the prayer request. Oh, there's a feeling, there's a feeling in the air that God is everywhere. Oh, it's that resurrection power that's moving in this hour that Jesus might be glorified. Give him a praise offering this morning. You say, "Praise the Lord this morning." You happy to be in church? Amen. A few of you are. How about the rest of you this morning? Just welcome our visitors. I want you to just feel right at home. We want you to be at home this morning. Y'all should be I don't see anybody that we'd necessarily call a visitor. Maybe brother Tom and Tommy, but they been part of our life so long. We just appreciate them this morning. for a Sunday school report. We had 13 children and 11 Bibles. No offering this morning. Did have a praise report from our precious sister Joy. She was starting to feel poorly on Thursday. Was on the phone with Kaden and Grandma Moore and they prayed for her and the intense pain was gone almost immediately. So, we're so thankful for that. Sister Joy and always want to acknowledge the Lord and always say and do. Just got a good day in the Lord ahead of us this morning. Remember brother Israel, he asked the deacons and the board to re to be be praying for an outpouring of the Holy Spirit. And we all want to pull and pray for that for him, for ourselves, for our lives, our children, for our travels to Canada, and I know he'll be a blessing there. The Hernandez family, they said they couldn't make it this morning. God willing, they'll be here tonight, but they wanted us to remember a friend of the a friend of theirs that was stung by a stingray. So, let's uphold that friend this morning. The Lord can be there and help them. Our precious sister Ellie, she's been in intense pain. I don't see her. I know she got to go home from the hospital, but let's remember sister Ellie Troutman, Sister U, and taking care of her. There's a request turn for our brother Samuel Johnson, the family from Michigan in prayer as he's not been given much time to live and the family's been saying their goodbyes. Pray for comfort and strength during this difficult time. So uphold them in prayer. If you've got a desire on your heart, a mighty prayer answering God, lift that before him. Hold it up in faith, believing, oh God. We just come to you humbly but boldly before the throne of grace, knowing there's a perfect sacrifice today, oh God. And we're so thankful for it. Appreciative of this place that you've given us, Lord. Appreciative of the health and strength, the revelation, Lord, of this late hour. We know that the politics and things will go down. But the bride, Lord, as fusion happens with the bride of Christ and the the creator, Lord, that this astronaut a brother Brandon likened it to as things were progressing that the bride was progressing with you. We want that in our lives, Lord. And for the people that have turned in a request before, brought it to the people, Lord, in faith believing for their needs. We just know you're a prayer answering God and that you have all power yet today and we invite you as the the guest of honor that you'd help help us heal us touch our bodies Lord and as we bring a maybe a meager tien offering that you'll just grow it and may it abound and may that last it go towards the kingdom Lord and that last soul potentially we're so thankful appreciate you so much and each one that comes today to hear from from heaven Lord God commit all things to your care in the mighty precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. All God's people say, "Amen." Amen. Maybe let's just sing that chorus. I'm going to live the way he wants me to live. Is Sister Norma has a song special for us this morning. Amen. If you could prepare and let Brother Shawn know if you need any microphone set up or anything. Amen. I'm going to live the way he wants me to live. I'm going to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no more love. I could never ever out love Sister Norma. Sing it one more time. I'm going to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I'm going to love love till there's just no more love. I could never ever out love the Lord. [Music] [Music] I got bless. [Music] Mo if transport [Music] Fore foreign [Music] Oh, the [Music] man be the man. [Music] Oh present [Music] [Music] One more. [Music] Perfe.che. [Music] for oh [Music] savior for the The made a day. [Music] to voice. [Music] to [Music] war. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's stand together this morning. Key of C sister Sharon. How many can say that they're nothing for not for him this morning? Amen. [Music] Take these hands and lift them up. For I have not the strength to raise you near enough. Oh, I am [Music] nothing. I am nothing. [Music] without you. Take my voice, pour it out, Lord. Take my voice and pour it out. Let it sing the songs of mercy I have found. For I am nothing. Oh, I am nothing without you. And all my soul needs. And all my [Music] soul needs is all your love to cover me. So all the world will see that I am [Music] nothing without [Music] you. Take my body, build it up. Or take my body and build it up. May it be broken as an offering of love for I am nothing and I am nothing without. Take my time here on this earth that it glorify all that you're worth. Oh Lord, take my time here on this earth and let it glorify all that you are [Music] worth. For I am nothing. Oh, I am nothing without you. All my soul needs and all my [Music] soul needs is all your love to cover me. So all the world will see that I am nothing without you. Amen. You can be seated this morning. [Music] A wonderful Savior is Jesus my Lord. A wonderful Savior to me. For he hideth my soul in the cl of the rock where rivers of pleasure I see. [Music] Oh, he hideth my soul in the cl of the rock that shadows a dry thirsty land. Yes, he hideth my life in the depths of his love and covers me there with his hand. Oh, he covers me there with his hand. Let's sing the third verse. With numberless blessings. With numberless blessings. Each moment he crowns. Each moment he crowns and filled with his fullness I sing in my rapture. Oh, glory to God for such a [Music] redeemer is mine. Oh, he hide my soul in the cler that sh the [Music] Christing L. Oh, hide in my life in the heers me there with his hand. He covers me with his hand. Just worship as the musicians continue to [Music] play. [Music] Glory. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Lord, thank you. [Music] Hallelujah. Lord and [Music] cover. Let's bow our heads for a word of prayer. Heavenly Father, thank you for covering us with the blood of the Lord Jesus Christ. It's under that protection that we come, Lord, to your throne that's covered in blood, mercy, and grace. Father, we ask that you would bless every heart gathered here today as we come to this portion of the service, Lord, is ministering of your word. May each one receive their portion. We pray. Oh God, forgive us of our shortcomings and our sins. Lord, we thank you, Lord, that we can feel your Holy Spirit in the service today. Oh God, come deeper into our hearts and deal with each one. We ask, oh God, we commit the service into your hands now in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. Welcome to the house of the Lord this morning. So happy to see each of you and we welcome you. Amen. Are you happy to be here? So far, we're glad that you're happy. We want to make sure you stay happy. All right. And so, God bless you and welcome our visitors. Always good to see brother Henry and his dear wife there. God richly bless them and each of you. We'd like to go right to the word this morning. And we have a scripture we're going to take in Hebrews chapter 2. We ask you to stand. appreciate the song specials. Remember the service tonight, our brother Andrew Glover will be ministering the word of the Lord for us and we're trusting the Lord will bless that service. Amen. Um but we're in this service right now. So we ask him to really pour out his blessings upon us uh this morning. Hebrews chapter 2 verse number one. We've been talking about we've been with Joshua and Caleb and standing like them and we've been talking about the great purge how the Lord purges his church and then he purges the individual. And so let's take this scripture in Hebrews chapter 2. Therefore, we ought to give the more earnest heed to the things which we have heard, lest at any time we should let them slip. For if the word spoken by angels was steadfast, and every transgression and disobedience received a just recompense of reward, how shall we escape if we neglect so great salvation, which at the first began to be spoken by the Lord, and was confirmed unto us by them that heard him, God also bearing them witness, witness both with signs and wonders and with diverse miracles and of gifts of the Holy Ghost according to his own will. Amen. The great purge. And we'll get into this apostasy just for a little bit. Second Thessalonians, if we can turn there, chapter 2. Verse one. Now we beseech you, brethren, by the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, and by our gathering together unto him, that you be not soon shaken in mind, or be troubled, neither by spirit, nor by word, nor by letter, as from us, as that the day of Christ is at hand. Let no man deceive you by any means, for that day shall not come except there come a falling away first. And that the man of sin be revealed, the son of predition, who opposeth exaltth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshiped, so that he is God, siteth in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God. Remember ye not that when I was with you, I told you these things. Now let us pray. Lord Jesus, we ask you bless your word, you bless your people. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Verse seven, for the mystery of iniquity doth already work. Only he who now letth will let until he be taken out of the way. And then shall the wicked one be revealed, whom the Lord shall consume with the spirit of his mouth, and shall destroy with the brightness of his coming. May God add a blessing to the reading of his word. You may be seated. This great purge we've been talking about is um we can see it in the kingdom of God with the children of Israel. We see it in Jesus's ministry. We can see it in our own lives, in our ministries. As the Lord begins to deal with us, there are things that he has to take away from us. And as we spoke last week, Sunday on this great circumcision and how the Holy Spirit is the circumciser and he circumcises the carnality that's associated with the believer. And our prayer should be Lord circumcise my thoughts. Circumcise my expectations. Circumcise my very intentions. Circumcise everything about me Lord that is extra weight that's holding me down. Amen. If that means I need to move from this place in my life to this place over here, then Lord, let your will be done. Amen. I don't want to hold on to a relationship that is pulling me down. I want to go on with the Lord. And his word gives us the answer that we can go on with him. Is that right? And so I as I was just internalizing the book of Joshua and thinking about his great success, we we can't help but note that part of his success had to be that so many unbelievers had to die first. We had to get rid of all of the heavy weight, the heavy unbelievers. And the Lord did that at Kadesh Barnea. you reached the final point where you've tempted me. Now I have to get rid of you. And then you know the Lord continues on using Joshua in his great ministry here. But as great as Joshua was and as powerful as his ministry was, and I don't think Joshua disbelieved God in any area of his life. I really don't. But I do believe that the whole children of Israel as a whole became neglectful. And this is what Gilgal was all about. We spoke about Gilgal was where the children of Israel had to be circumcised again. And the Lord called them to do this at Gilgal. And that word Gilgal means the rolling away of the approach uh the reproach. I've rolled the reproach of Egypt away from you. Now, they've had that on them all those years. I want you to think about that. They went through the journey. The Lord was upset with them at Kadesh Barnea. He gave an age group that would go forward and an age group that would not go forward. And he let the years go by till all the old fighters died out. And he said, "I you you got me upset. You got me mad and I'm holding all this against you. None of you will come into the promise. Now Joshua, take the people over, sanctify them, cleanse yourself. And then they started on in their ministry and they were anointed and blessed and God was with them. But in the back of God's mind, you have to know he knew that they were uncircumcised. And he still was holding this in reserve until the right time to bring it to them. That's too echoey. That's too echoey in my voice. I don't like that tunnel sound. Thank you. And God was holding this against them. Now they they were they were right. They were doing what was right, but they were just a little, let's say, neglectful. And it happens to every one of us. And we can be doing the will of God, be anointed of God, and still be neglectful in one area or the other. And this is where the word of the Lord, I believe, wants to draw our attention to that just for a moment here this morning. I read the scripture for you. I believe this was in Exodus where the Lord was going to slay Moses for not um circumcising his own son. How did Sapora know that that needed to get done? That's a good question. She wasn't born in the household of faith, but she's married to a man that's going in a ministry to go set the people of God free. And the Lord, the Bible says the anger of the Lord was against Moses and stood at the way and thought to slay him. Is that right? Let's take that scripture one more time. What What do I want now? Somebody help me. I got to get it myself. It'll be in Exodus. That's good. Good. Good. Let's turn there quickly. I have to read that because I just feel like we need to hear that before I read this quote. All [Music] right. I like those Bibles turning. All right. Exodus chapter 4. Thanks for trying, but turn there for me. All right. If you have a Bible, turn there. Don't get mad at me, sis brother. I'm I'm here to help you. God bless you. Exodus chapter 4. All right. Is that what I wanted? 4 and verse 25. Then and it came to pass verse 24. It came to pass by the way in the end that the Lord met him and sought to kill him. Then Sapora took a sharp stone and cut off the foreskin of her son, cast it at his feet, and said, "Surely a bloody husband art thou to me." So he let him go. Then she said, "A bloody husband thou art because of the circumcision." So was the Lord mad? The Bible said he was. The anger of the Lord was kindled against him. Now, here's what Brother Brandham says. I read it for you. I want to read it again because this is not, you know, neglect isn't on purpose. It isn't premeditated all the time. You neglect because you made a mistake or you forgot about it. You failed to keep it on the top of your list. You can be neglectful of your health, of your yard work, or of your the care and concern for your animals or your life. You can be neglectful of many things. Doesn't mean you're a bad person. Doesn't mean you're doing it on purpose. It means that you're a human being and you can be neglectful. Here what brother Random says in Israel, in the church. Here goes Moses come over. He said, "Jethro, I got to leave you today. grabbed up an old mule, put a halter on him, set his wife on the straddle of an old mule with a young on each hip. Here she went. Could you imagine that? An old man 80 years old, whiskers, long beard, long hair, a crooked stick in his hand, lead an old donkey with the woman sitting on it. Two kids going down to take over Egypt. Could you imagine a a sight like that? going down to do what? Moses some of them here he goes my he was having a big time come on Zapora that's his wife you know putting the old donkey to and pulling the old donkey too said come on we're going down to Egypt going to take over Egypt was like Russia the biggest mechanized unit the greatest army in the world was in Egypt they had the whole world whipped to the ground and Moses was going down to take over an old man with the stick in his hand and a wife sitting on a mule with a kid on each hip. Here she was going. They were going down to take over. Why? God had promised it. That's the same way at Kadesh Barnea. He says God had promised him. Joshua said, "We can do it because God said so." There they are going down to Egypt. And now watch how neglectful a man can get. In the end, God met him down here in the end and would have slayed him. And Sapora went and took a sharp rock and circumcised her two children with the sharp rock and throw the foreskin before Moses. So, you're a bloody husband to me. Only save Moses's life. What was Moses doing? Moses got in such a hustle and bustle of the day till he was in such a place to go down there he forgot the seal of circumcision. And that's where we are doing today. That's that's where we are doing today. That's where the holiness churches are failing. We've got so much time. The Lord has given us a lot of money. We're building great big churches, big spires, putting plush seats, pipe organs until we forgot the seal of God, which is the baptism of the Holy Ghost. True God sent us a zapora. Every church needs one. Every ministry has to have one. Somebody can see this needs to happen right away, right now. And you don't ask for permission. You don't get a second chance. You get up and you get the job done. And that's what she did. She grabbed the boy. She grabbed the rock. She circumcised. She didn't say, "Hey, Moses, let's pray about this. Moses, why don't you do it? This is your response." She got the job done. Why? An angel was there to slay her husband. That's what you call a good helpmate. Amen. Yes. Go get it. It needs to get done. Go get it. He didn't do it. You do it. And that's what Zapora did. Oh God, send us a Zapora this morning. Amen. And so the neglect, the forgot the seal of God. Now I've taken this marriage and divorce on Wednesday nights. of ours, a pastor, I won't call his name, but he gave his testimony right in our congregation. It was years after he was married and had children that he real a pastor's kid, too. Raising a pastor, taught Sunday school and realized he didn't have the Holy Ghost. Now, how does that happen? Whose fault is that? or or we gonna act like that doesn't happen today. Or we think that our our church is the greatest church. We got the best whatever. And everybody has an understanding that you need the Holy Ghost before you even think about getting married. And we all understand that, don't we? I thought we did. I thought we all understood that. But apparently we don't. Because if we all had the Holy Ghost, we'd have all the problems. And another thing, I started to look at some of the neglectful things. And I'm pointing to myself, the neglectful things, the forgetful things that maybe we've neglected to keep before the people, to preach to the people, not because we're bad, not because uh we're doing it intentionally, but because it's a neglect. We missed it. We missed it. So, let's go back and pick up Gilgal. Let's have that moment of a circumcision. Now, the prophet of God uh uh I was just going back a little bit. That's what we kind of talked about last week and the importance and brother Bham says how neglectful a man can get. Now this is in the message spoken word is the original seed and he's talking about himself how he is neglectful and so now you know don't I'm not pointing fingers at anyone but all of us and the word of God is talking about all of us who needs the Holy Ghost your pastor needs the Holy Ghost. It's not the newcomer or the young person or the it's me. I need it. If you don't need it, pray for me that I receive it. Another baptism, another outpouring, another fresh move of God. Get down in my soul. Take over my life again. That's what I desire. Now, some of you old-timers don't need it, but pray for me cuz I need it. We need it. How many can say we need it? Amen. Yes, we need it. Spoken word is the original CD. He says this paragraph 457. Now I've been accused of a lot of things, friends, and a lot of things I'm guilty of. I'm neglectful. That's true. I don't know why it is. Somebody has to push me in the corner, make me fight. I don't know. That's the nature. I've done things that I should not have done. not willfully, but I plundered at. And that's what makes me so afraid. I'm seeing in this day, the day that we're living at. And you see now what I believe. I want to hear from God if all possible before I make a move. See, because I don't want to fail him. I want to be with him everywhere. And I want you to pray for me. If anybody had the boldness, should have had the boldness to go out there and fight, it ought to have been in the prophet. But he said he was so he was neglectful. This is not willfully. This is something that happens to all of us being neglectful. All right, let's go a little bit further now. Have we neglected some things in our congregation? Have we? in our homes. Some of your mothers and fathers, have we neglected? You know, if you neglect to do something, God holds that against you. He's watching you. It's because you neglected or you forgot about it doesn't mean God forgot about it. And if you really want to move on with God, you'll ask him, "Lord, what am I neglecting?" And then he'll give and when you ask that question, you got to be willing to take the true answer and then do something about it. and stop waiting for everybody else to get on board. You do something because he's have he had a healing line at the tabernacle and out of the 10 times two times it was successful but that didn't stop him from doing it and I just love that and so but uh in faith without works is dead. He's talking to I believe it's a young lady in the prayer line or he's giving uh uh before he goes into the prayer line. Paragraph number nine, faith without works is dead. 1953, the prophet of God says, "Usually it's in the line of discernment. I never try to cast out a spirit unless first I realize what I'm doing because that's a dangerous thing." Did you know that? Very dangerous. Unless you understand what you're doing. If you'll notice on the platform after the anointing comes, you never hear me challenge the spirit. Let's uh firstly I see where God's it's God's will to do it. Now you say, is it God's will? Well, sometime people come to the platform who many times are even not Christians. They want to be healed of diseases and maybe they have been Christians and done something in their life or neglected to do something and that's the reason they can't get healed. So under the power of discernment when the prophetic utter utterance goes forth it tells you just exactly where your trouble is. Then get that out of the way first. Then God's got to heal you. Okay, that's on healing. What about the Holy Spirit? What about moving on with the Lord? What about whatever God has for you? If there's something you've neglected to do, you know, repentance is all about you. Repentance isn't me making you repent or making you feel so guilty. It's not me gonna come down and repent. For repentance is an internal, you know, conversation you have with yourself. And you can play the game and play the role with people and make the crowd feel a certain way about you, but deep down in your heart, you got to be really honest with yourself. And it's a strange thing that many Christians don't believe they have anything to repent of. like been serving the Lord 20, 30, 40 years and you have nothing to repent of. And that's quite strange. I think it's quite off. I think that needs to be circumcised. There's a crust being built over your relationship with the Lord. You think God has You think you're going to live your life without making any mistakes? Are you serious? So God has to deal with me, you, every one of us. He deals with us through his word. And his word has the purpose of the the challenges trying to move us forward into the blessings of God and the kingdom of God. Amen. Every one of us. Amen. And so the prophet goes forward. Let's take this little example and then hear ye him. Dear Jesus, paragraph number 43 says, "Dear Jesus, as my mind slips back into that little opening, the top of the side of the mountain that day, some 12, 14 years ago near the place called Pond of Safety to see that old mother dear that she could not help it. She was a mother by nature. God, she had to display her love, her gallant love because it was her nature. Oh Jesus, there's a people in this building tonight that's joined church years ago. Maybe some of them has not, but they're are human beings that you um projected your son to them and the love of God to them and they just cold formerly joined the church or maybe neglected it all together. But they've always wanted the time that when they could have the real thing. They've had their ups and downs, ins and outs. God grant to every person tonight while your great presence is here that they will accept Jesus the savior and let him place into their nature into their character the characteristics of Jesus Christ that they might love one another and love you so much that they'll go home and act like Christians and live like Christians have fellowship with all the Christians and be your children and be such in the neighborhood until as the mother dear display the love of the mother and one unbeliever and one unbeliever to Christ may they display display the salt of the kingdom of God in Christian love. Amen. Now, there is a real thing to be had. Saints, there is a real thing. And sometimes we do things out of motion or because the time it's time to do it. And even our worship, it's complimentary to the people that are around us. And many times we s do things, we say amen. and we do things, but you know, there is a real thing that motivates and moves the believer. And I I I wonder sometimes if we've neglected to hear from the real thing that it really strikes our heart and our spirit, the word that comes across to us every weekend or every week as we come into the presence of the Lord. I wonder if we leave just because the service said it was time for us to leave or did we leave when the Holy Spirit said it's time for you to leave? Or was he still trying to get something accomplished in your life, father, mother, reverend? Was he still trying to get something over to you? You know this is the sincerity that we have to come into and this is the we don't want to neglect that post sermon worship the word has come so far up you listen to the tape you listen to the word we worship the Lord the preaching is done and then there's a little sweet spot right at the end of the service where no other time probably in your week will you be in an atmosphere like at where your heart is pliable and and something can shift and move right at this little 10 minutes, 7 minutes, whatever it is. And many of us run and we leave or we break that anointing. Lord, help us not to neglect that. We don't do it willingly. We're not doing it to be bad people, but I be believe that maybe we maybe neglect that. Some of us have serious answers we're asking the Lord about and he wants to answer those. But just when the atmosphere gets right to answer that for you, we break that anointing. Lord, help us. I wonder if we've neglected the altar time. I wonder if we haven't been sensitive enough to those that need to be born again. Lord, help us today. The prophet of God goes forward in this message here and this is a touchy one. thinking on our way 1959 these two and as I thought on my way in 59 as well we'll take this one in paragraph for 41 says what good will it do you say brother Benham raise up your hand one time and see how it feels you in radio land way out there dad out there by the radio mother sitting across the sewing you there in the hospitals have you examined yourself by the word yet you that's got sick sickness in your home. You that's got a weward boy, have you talked to him? A girl that doesn't obey, God, have you talked to them? Put your arms around them? Have you just neglected it expecting the Sunday school teacher to do it? God gave the child to you. It's your duty to talk to them. If there is it, won't you put up your hands just now and say, "Lord, remember me. I'm not I'm thinking on my ways." Sometimes we want the school teacher, want the pastor to fix it. Amen. Want someone else in the church to fix it, but God gave those children to you. Those are your children. That's your heritage. Amen, somebody. And uh uh uh we want to be we want to be sensitive to that that the Lord gave you the wisdom to raise your home. You the wisdom to lead your family. He say well do it like brother show like no this is your home and God gave that to you and he knows your capabilities your weaknesses and all your fity and he gave it to you anyways and he's given you with that grace to get the job done. Don't neglect that. Amen. You have it in you my brother and my sister to get the job done. Paragraph 39. As I thought on my way, the prophet God says this. There might be many in here tonight thinking about going home. Old age is catching up with you. Sickness got you in the grip. Better think on your way before you get there. As Jacob on his way with his wife and children, he heard a message coming that Esau the great with with the great army was coming to meet him. And he began to think on his ways. the way he done. Esau cheated him and it drove him to prayer all night long. He wrestled with the angel of the Lord. I trust that men and women, boys and girls, who's neglected the baptism of the Holy Ghost, you don't know how near you are to home. I trust that you purpose in your heart that you'll wrestle with the angel of the Lord and not let him go until you're blessed. Amen. Praise the Lord. Brother Random continues on in the message. Why? Amen. Don't you love the Lord? Let me keep moving here. I got to get to something here and we'll close. All right. Now, uh the prophet is dealing with in the message. Why? And he's bringing this individual up in uh uh uh in the prayer line. And um it's in the message. Why? And I think I wrote down this might be one of the things that we have neglected as message churches and message pastors is this the basic the basic fundamentals of being saved of repenting and then being baptized and then you go on to receive the Holy Ghost. I think we have so much truth. I know we have so much truth that we've presented that and we've given the stories of what has happened today and those things are beautiful. Those things are nice but that's not salvation. It's just information until you repent. You got to repent of your sins. Turn away from the things that you were doing first. Realize that you're a sinner. Repent from that and then get baptized. And then after you're baptized, the church shouldn't be full of people that were baptized in water, but nobody received the Holy Ghost. The next step is to receive the Holy Ghost. That's part of the great plan of salvation. Repent, be baptized, and receive the Holy Ghost. It's for you. It's a gift of God. And many have neglected to keep this before our children. We've neglected to make that the important part of our ministry. Is are you born again? Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believe? And we've moved on and we've gone into courtship and dating and haven't even received the Holy Ghost yet. And moved on. And you know, this is a this is an absolute must. It's a requirement to receive the Holy Ghost and that is absolutely something that we have neglected. I believe one of those things. Brother Bham deals with that and it gives a little example there. Let me take it real quick. Paragraph number 78. I'll just drop down says, "Now upon the basis of something speaking to you, you wanted to be saved. Something spoke to you to come to the altar. You did it. Now you've confessed your sins. Lord, I'm wrong. I don't want to be wrong. I want to be right. I want you to forgive me. He said, "He that comes to me, I'll no ice cast out." You raised from your seat where you're already when you raised from your seat, you were already forgiven. See, now can you accept him now? Nothing on what you've done. All you've done's forgotten. Upon the basis of his promise, his spirit led you to the altar. Do you accept him as your savior? Raise your hand if you do. Say, "I will accept him as savior. God bless you." Now, the next thing you must do, you're already saved. He that will confess me before men, I will confess him before my father. If you're ashamed of me here, I'll be ashamed of you at the judgment. Now, you are Christians. Now, now the next thing you want to do is be baptized and receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Let me ask you, has that prescription changed? Has it? It has not changed. That's still the answer for all of us. And so, we've neglected some of those basic principles. And now as we look into how God is purging each and every one of us, the the scripture there in Romans chap 11 deals with those that could not enter in because of unbelief and they were cut off from God. And so that is that's you know you can look at that as the purge, the pruning and purging. You could look at that as the circumcision. We could see that happen in with the children of Israel. We see it happen with Jesus's ministry also when he begin to preach on the things concerning the third pool. His ministry, who he was, the loaves and fishes didn't bother anybody. In fact, that caused the crowd to grow. But then now he's going to circumcise the crowd by bringing the things that they really needed to hear. Except you eat my flesh and drink my blood, you have no life in you. Now the Apostle Paul makes a a statement here in First Thessalonians. Just turn there quickly in verse number chapter 2. First Thessalonians where Paul makes this sec statement. Um he's asking for the saints to pray for him. 2 Thessalonians chapter 3. Sorry. Finally, brethren. 2 Thessalonians chapter 3. Finally, brethren, pray for us that the word of the Lord may have free course and be glorified even as it is with you. Paul's asking the saints to pray for him. Such an anointed man. And does he need somebody to pray for him? He asked for it. Absolutely, he needs it. Yes, he's anointed. Yes, he's God's servant. Yes, he's a prophet. Yes, God's used him tremendously. And he tells the saints to pray for us. Finally, brethren, pray for us that the word of the Lord may have what? Free course. Not pray that I'll be free, but that the word would have free course and be glorified even as it is with you. and that you and that we may be delivered from unreasonable and wicked men. For all men have not faith. Now, are there wicked men out there? Are they unreasonable? Yes. The Bible tells us that these men would arise in the last days. Here Paul is praying that he would be delivered from them. Remember we talked about the canker. Their words will caner as a sword. Those words of you know it's in uh second Thessalonians there. He's talking about these these gentlemen that that's speaking about the resurrection there. He says don't don't listen to them because there's word their words will corrupt you and begin to canker you. It's like a sore parasite and it's cancerous for you to listen to it. And there's some radio station, there's some people out there, people write books that you don't need to read or listen to. It's not for you. It's got cancer in it. There's an infection in there and it will affect you. Amen. Now, the Apostle Paul warned us of this great falling away to come. And I can't help but think of the last few years of the falling away that we have seen quote unquote in the message. I remember in 2014, I believe it was, there's a great minister, won't call his name, many of you would know who he is, from Ohio. He stood up and gave an open resignation at his church. Beautiful church there. The church is still going forward today. How many know what I'm talking about? Yes. Tremendous ministry. Wasn't an overnight guy. Been there for many years. Over 20, maybe over 30, 40 years. I don't I'm not fully sure, but many, many years. And when he gave his resignation, he said he'd been wrestling with this for two years. So we have the resignation today, but two years prior he was all the spirit was already working on him. And we see that you know it was like in 2014 or so and it's like a great you know you take a rock out of a mountain you pull it out there's little tremors and other little loose places that fall. Doesn't look like there was a major happening then. Doesn't look like a group large group of ministers followed him. But if you keep living and you trace the details, you'll see that this has happened and it happened again. Another fine ministry minister in the Carolas there. Our brother, some people we know were on the board there. And this this particular brother had been preaching for years questioning and doubting in his own heart and is coming from the pulpit, but the people didn't know it. Amen. And this is a this was a you know I I listened to him and when he resigned he was giving an interview. He said he's been pastoring for over 30 years and he couldn't reconcile the inconsistencies with the message. Okay. And of course few hundred several hundred in his church. I think he had over a dozen ministers in his church. this I'm listening to his own testimony, not the hearsay. This is what he said. And after trying to reconcile and make the message make sense, he couldn't bring a reconciliation. So, he had to step away from it. And he's still got a ministry today. And maybe if he writes a book, maybe he might send you a copy. I'm not interested in reading it. No. No, no. I've come too far in my journey now. What do I need to hear that for? For what? I need to hear the message. I haven't heard all the message yet. Go ahead. Paul says, "Deliver me from wicked and unreasonable men." Some of us need to be delivered from that. Now, the importance of staying with this message cannot be overemphasized. Let me take a quote for you out of the church age book. All right, let me get this out of the church age book quickly. I didn't give this to you, sis. In the back there, brethren, in the back, the lady OC in church age, the prophet of God says this. Now, this messenger of Malachi 4 and Revelation 10:7 is going to do two things. One, according to Malachi 4, he will turn the hearts of the children to the fathers. two, he will reveal the mysteries of the seven thunders in Revelations 10, which are the revelations contained in the seven seals, which is where marriage and divorce comes from, which is where the, you know, the the serpent seed comes from, which all the mysteries come out of there. Huh? He will reveal the mysteries in the seven thunders in Revelation 10, which are the revelations contained in the seven seals. It will be these divinely revealed mystery truths that literally turn the hearts of the children to the Pentecostal fathers. Now many people I've met him young people raised in the message haven't even read their church age book. Amen. actually preaching preachers don't even know the word that that this great feast that the Lord has given to us in this day in this hour and the importance to say only what's on them tapes okay I'm going somewhere I'm going somewhere this morning now I can't explain all the tapes I can't explain all the visions I believe they were recorded on purpose purpose. I have to say that I believe God knew the prophet would say what he was going to say. And then there would be a ministry that would come up and say, "Well, let me explain it for all of y'all." Go ahead. Because I know you're struggling and you need an explanation. I wonder what the people who heard it in them service, what did they get? Who explained it to them? Yeah. I wonder what the what Peter and them who explained it to them. Eat my flesh, drink, they had no clue what brother Jesus was talking about. Eat my flesh and drink my blood. What are we talking about here? We My mama wanted to be healed. We wanted to live a better Christian life. We wanted to be saved. What are you talking about? Eat my flesh and drink my blood. Well, that's a part of the ministry. And remember, these divinely revealed truths literally turn the hearts back to the fathers. That's your faith, saints. Okay. Now, so these pastors as I was mentioning them 2014, six years later, 2020, 2021, right in there. And then the one pastor, he says while he was grappling with all of this and the people didn't know that he was struggling with this, so he he brings his his um questions or inconsistencies, his questions and doubts to his deacon board. And when he got to his deacon board, this is his words now. He says, "I told the deacon board to listen to this tape of this other brother who backslid." Yes. Because this other brother studied it out and brought out all the inconsistencies for us. And this other brother is from the Canada area. Is it okay if I mention the regions? Oh, I mentioned their name. I don't mind mentioning their name. I really don't. You already mad. If you're mad now, you was already mad. I ain't going to make I can't make you mad at this point. You was already mad at this point. Am I right about it, somebody? But ain't nobody mad here, right? But you got to go back and look and see where this thing started. It looked like the first brother who fell like it was no effect and everybody preached against him. But we didn't know that seeds were planted in other pull pits. and they get up teaching, having Bible study, having special meetings, bringing in message preachers, message pastors, youth conventions, and from their pull pit, they're unreasonable. They're wicked because they're planting a seed of doubt and unbelief. But the Apostle Paul said that these days we come, there will be a great falling away. What do they fall away from? They fall away from the word. The Bible said so. Amen. Let's go into it just a little bit. Now, in the message making this valley full of ditches. I'm sorry. That might not be the right. I didn't give you the number on that. I think the hour has come. Pardon me. Maybe it's the angel of the Lord. Let's see. Yeah, this the message the angel of the Lord 1951 paragraph number 15. And as get and as atheism is on the march and so forth and the churches are falling away and getting formal. Let me say this to you my dear brother and sister. If you receive me as your brother, we need a revival. The prophet of God continues in the message making the valley full of ditches. Paragraph 52. The hour has come for falling away of the church. The hour has come that religion would spread the world without salvation form of godliness denying the power thereof. The hour has come. The hour has come for the church to rise. The hour has come to ra for your raise out of the dust and shake yourself and come to herself and realize positionally that she is the church of the living God. The hour has come that somebody wakes up and they realize that I am a believer of this word that God said in this last day. She'll shake herself. She'll wake up one Sunday morning. Wake up one afternoon. Wake up while she's listening to the tape and something will shake her. Who am I? I am the church of the living God. Amen. Paragraph 145 in the message the mark of the beast Paul said that day should not come unless there come a falling away first and the man of sin be revealed. Now watch he declares him to be a man. Is that right? Paul said he was the man of sin who opposes himself all above that is called God. So he that is worshiped, he's worshiped as God, a man worshiped as God. Brother Bham continues on, a man as that would be put here as a form of worship. And he said that day could not come except first there come a falling away. What is it? Was it? What is it? I got it back here. Y'all don't have it up. a lukewarm condition. What is the falling away? A lukewarm. How many of our message churches are on fire? Well, it really doesn't matter. The question is, is your church on fire? I'm talking about this one. I'm talking about this church right here. Are the believers in this church on fire for the word? Are we just another carbon copy of one believer who left one assembly that sat in another assembly? It was dead over there, dead over here, dead wherever you go. But the church of the living God is on fire for the word. The word of the Lord means something to that believer. Amen. Amen. Now there's a great falling away but there has to come this lukewarm condition is that falling away. So my you know we might neglect the oldfashioned meeting. We might neglect to feel the Holy Spirit in our some of us don't even pray for the service like we should. Not that you mean to be bad but you've neglected to do that that 30 minutes before the service to pray for the song leader. Pray for the worshippers. Pray for the instruments and the music. What is that? Is that only the pastor's job? No. Every believer has a responsibility to call on God for your church. That the Holy Ghost would have his way. Pray for the meeting. Pray for the altar. Pray that somebody get filled with the Holy Ghost. I mean, be honest with yourself. You're sitting there. God bless your heart. Be honest with yourself. When was the last time you prayed for someone to receive the Holy Ghost? Now, I don't know. I know many of you pray that. I thank the Lord for you. I'm not talking to you. I'm talking to the ones that have not prayed that. I just want to make you aware of that. That That is a prayer that you can pray that will actually help somebody. That's a prayer that somebody needs to pray that will actually help somebody. The great falling away. Paul promised it in the last days. Paragraph 92 by the Holy Spirit that the church will fall away. Millions of them. There will come a falling away, for men will be heady, high-minded, lover of pleasure more than lovers of God, truce breakers, false accusers, incontinent despisers of those that are good. Not the right discernment. Well, you say that's communism. That's so-called Christian. Watch the next verse. Having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof, no spiritual discernment. Praise the Lord. Paul said those days would be we got it. It's here. It's on us and we look and see it. We hear it from everywhere. What do we do? It ought to draw us together. The Bible said, "Assembling ourselves together, the more that we see the day approaching, it ought to be one revival after another and bonfires of God's glory built in every church, every place. A great coming together where all the churches, one heart, one accord, assemble themselves together. Can I close right here? Oh, keep going. All right. And forget their main their man-made theology and cry out to God for spiritual power and spiritual discernment. That's the hour we need. Spiritual power, spiritual discernment. Paragraph 224 in the message, a testimony of a true witness. His word testifies in the last days that there will come a falling away. And there will come up a cold, formal, powerless church age. That's what we're living in. A church that had no power. Having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof. From such turn away. A preacher with no power. Song specials, no power. Sermons, no power. Young people, no power. Old people, no power. Altars, no power. Bible, no power. Tapes, no power. In their life is no power. But there is a power of God in this word. And that's the power we want. That's the power that we need. the great falling away and these fellows with their ministries and their influence. Notice some of these great men that have fallen away. I'm talking about us locally. I'm talking about message ranks and the message circles how they've fallen away. That's 10 years ago, 15 years ago, 2014 and 2020. And you see this just blossom out of these ministries that disbelieve God. The podcasts are out now. There's p multiple podcasts that you click up the the Reverend William Brandham and it's a lot of garbage on there that that want you to sit down and listen to that. And you need to know that that that time was promised to be here and it is here. That's right. Wasn't like that when I came into the message. If you didn't believe it, you left quietly or you went over to the world or went to the Baptist. Now they leave with a ministry to attack the message. Tell me that ain't the word of God. That is the word. It's being fulfilled right before our eyes. But so, so what should we do as believers? We have to know that these things exist. Mhm. Say, "Lord, deliver us from wicked and unreasonable men, their podcast, their ministries, what they got to say about it. I'm not interested in what they have to say about it." Huh? They going to keep talking. Let them talk. I don't want to hear it. I don't need to hear it. I found something that changed my life, Brother Will. I found something that makes me feel great. I feel satisfied in my soul. I feel like I'm going on with the Lord. I'm time to stop and listen to no garbage. These fellows that take away the message from their pullpits, they take it away slowly. They take away the stories, the visions, they can't explain them. So the the vision was false. I'm going to get quiet here just for a minute. Brother B, I'm talking about a tent vision and it's become a a a word of controversy. Oh, brother, I know where you stand. You went to brother so and so. I know where you come from. Okay, I'm watching you now. I'm good. Keep watching. Yeah. Yeah. Where is it at on the tape? Where is it at in the scripture? It's on the tape. It's on your tapes. So why you stop quoting them? Why you stop reading them? Because some preacher said there was a group that did this and did that. I don't have that. Is not my responsibility. What some unbeliever or some group called it whatever. Coined the phrase return ministry. We're part of the return ministry. What's the return ministry? What is that? Give me the quotations. Give them to me. I want to say amen. Help. Hurry up. Amen. I don't know why that just turns people off so bad. It's a vision. And it's okay if you don't know where I'm going. I would be quiet, too. I'm the same. I'm the same way, too. I would tighten up. Be like, "Okay, where he going with this? How far you going to go with this?" What I'm saying is this. Go get the tape where brother Brandham talked about it and then say amen to that, not the other groups and other the churches that did this and brother so and so. They did this. That is not your responsibility. But where can we go for you alone have the words of eternal life. Eat my flesh. Drink my blood. That don't make no sense. What you talking about? Why'd he heal me now? Then the Lord called it home. Why? That don't make any sense. Where you going to go? Amen. Where you going? Where Reverend so and so explain all of that. Okay. Keep riding with that and find out where Reverend so and so is taking you. Reverend so and so that's not vindicated. No vision. No pillar of fire. No cloud in 63 might be backslid in 5 years. We don't even know about Reverend so and so because they've come and they've gone. But this message is true. And my responsibility to you is to stay with that message with or without an explanation. It's true. I don't agree with the brothers that run off and said this means this and this is going to happen yet and you know we have this and we you know brother Bam's going to come and do this and do that. If it ain't got no close to it. That's right, brother Randy. I just tell them keep moving. Just keep keep on moving. It's okay. I love you. We can have a hamburger together. Fine. No problem. Nothing personal at all. But if it ain't on them tapes, why you want me to say amen to something that ain't on the tapes? Right. Right. But if it is on the tapes, why can't I preach it at the any pullpit all through the Bible? Stay away from that subject. What subject? Oh, chapter whatever in the Bible. Stay away from that. Oh, it's it's in the Bible, right? You got to preach what's in that word. And the prophet God gave us a message and there's several places that we can't explain. But where are you going? They started this seed of believing the Bible. some of these fellows that have left and they impregnated the people that your Bible is here and then the message is here and then you know put the Bible first and the messenger well why don't you just move the message along and just go with the Bible you know why you won't cuz that's what the Baptist is doing that's what the Presbyterian are doing that's what they all been doing following the Bible following Jesus that's what they've been Go in. Lord have mercy. But this hour would come. He said it would come that this great apost can I take three more minutes. Well, if I can take three, surely I can take five. Please don't nobody get up. I arrested you right there. All right. No, we're going to close right there. God bless you. Just one moment. I want to read this for you here in the message. There's two places I want to get. Brother Madam deals with this great falling away and convincing than concern. Paragraph 65. Now, we're living in a terrible time. We're living in a time of a great falling away. We know that. We are aware. Drop down to paragraph 70. Same message. Now, this falling away is a lack of concern for the body of Christ. I believe that maybe that right the right thing hasn't been presented. So many young students that would take a call in life sees so many fail see so many failures out here and really see the order and the program of the day has failed not Christ hasn't failed but the system that we have created has failed Christ program hasn't failed but the people's system has failed prophet of God continues in a message convincing concern 1962 paragraph number number nine we find out today that there is such a falling away. It seems to be that people are not interested like they used to be. They are falling away from the fundamental facts of the Bible. They seem to be drifting. And I think all ministers who love the word of God and know that that's the only standard in which we can be assured that we're right. It's not upon some theory but upon the word of God. That's the only basis. Paragraph 10, the same message. Today we find though that the people get away. They get away from the word. Get away from the interest. There seems to be not very much interest in it. Find that even amongst even our own people. The people full gospel people. We come to a spot that we're overfed. And brother Bam continues on. used to be after the service that people would be talking about the word at the Wednesday night people would leave and go out in somebody's home and talk about the word be talking about the message the conversations out there would be about the word I remember that how many saints remember that now people go home so quick or if they're talking it's about some joke and laugh just come out of the pull pit just come out of the atmosphere and nobody's talking about the word anymore poor. It's very interesting. A lack of concern, not interested. But now if we have, you know, we have a a hot dog bar in a coffee station and we have all that, then people are interested or a volleyball team or some kind of worldly attraction just like the denominations have, then the people will be interested. But it's a lack of concern. But Lord, help us. They're falling away from the fundamental facts of the Bible. Paragraph 173. Oh, can't you see the whole thing's facing right into the church getting unless there come a fallen way, the man of sin can't reveal himself. The communist, the lukewarmness of the church, the insignificance walk around God. God have mercy. So, he's bringing that insignificant. lukewarmness of the church. Let me take this last one in paragraph 117 in the handwriting on the wall. He says this here. I'll give them time to get to this because I want to land on this thought here as I've laid it out or tried to lay out this spirit of apostasy. This great falling away. No wonder there's a falling away. And what does the pastors know? They don't know what the cause of it. They are the cause of it. So he nails the ministry right there. And these bigname preachers and pastors, many of these pastors, many of them that have fallen away, if you go back and listen to what they preached when they quote unquote believed, they planted an intellectual seed. They were preaching it all along. And then they're preaching it was they're trying to prove the prophet and then and it wasn't he wasn't 100% right. It was like 95% right. You know he got this wrong and that was wrong but all of the seven seals was correct and this was right. That's what the seed was even years ago. And then when they backslid they planted that seed where you got to prove every when did you ever stand against a prophet? Who can judge a prophet? Either he is or he isn't. But if he is, who can stand against him? Why we playing his tapes if it ain't all right? Why would God move the ages all the way through the church age and all the way into perfection and then at the last day drop a vision in that failed? It don't make no sense. Don't make no sense. Every vision under first, not one time was there an error. All the prayer lines, thousands of people coming up. He's weary. He's tired. Different countries, different cities. Give him a prayer line. calling the name discernment for years. Not one mistake. 60s, 40s, all the way up. 64, 63, 65, all the way through. No mistakes. It's on the tapes. He boldly said it from the pull pit. Nobody said nothing. Perfect ministry. And then when he passes away, oh, we found a mistake. You found a mistake. Not but not God. God don't make no mistakes. It's to eat your flesh, drink my blood. That's what that is. You're mad because you can't explain it. Because you got to stand before your people and say, you know, this right here, I don't know, but the prophet said it, that settles it. Not a lot of preachers can do that. I know that. Not a lot of preachers can do that. And so I am sure that these well-known brothers that when I I'm I'm doing this for a reason, saints. Don't rush me. All right, I'm gonna close right now. I'm doing this for a reason. You know, I am sure that these well-known brothers with their big ministries that have fallen that that spirit that caused them to do it went to other churches too and went to other ministries too. This is why I appreciate an elder that stood his ground and stayed with the word because he heard it before. He heard the same errors that they heard, but they stayed with the word. And I say, "Thank God for them." God bless them. All of the elders that stayed with this message. Amen. You think they didn't hear the foolishness? They hear more than they tell you. Yes. And that spirit went around and has caused this one to fall, that one to stumble. Do you think they stop falling or will there be another one soon? Can we prophesy? Can we just without any inspiration? There'll be others that fall. As long as long as we continue, there'll be other big names that fall. It has to be. There'll be a great falling away first. Amen. Part of it is the lack of concern. Part of it's the lukewarmness of the church, the coldness. Part of it's the neglect of what God has given you. Look at the basics of Christianity. We've neglected to teach that to our young people. People getting married, don't have the Holy Ghost. Thinking about dating somebody, don't have the Holy Ghost. Remember George Smith's testimony? How many remember his testimony? He wanted to marry Rebecca. And brother Bam says, "That'll be fine, but don't think about getting married until you receive the How many remember that? until you receive the Holy You can engage her, but don't get married until you receive the Holy Ghost. And then one day down in Texas, he received it. Wasn't no gradual awakening. He received something. It was an event that happened to him. He said, "Brother Bannon was the first one that called him." How many remember the testimony? Yeah. I don't support everything that other brothers say, but I like that testimony. It's a good one. Talking this way. Somebody want to get married and don't have the Holy Ghost. Haven't read marriage and divorce. Want to get married? Are you serious? A pilot want to go fly an airplane and you haven't been to pilot school? No, thank you. I'm not interested. Just stop talking. You haven't been to pilot school? Stop talking. I'm gone. I don't want to hear what it's like this. Well, it's like this. There is like nothing. If you haven't been to school to get the training, you have no business going to nobody's altar, going into courtship, going into dating if you have not received the Holy Ghost. And it's my fault for not reminding you of that. There's a number of message folks that were raised in the message and I I know a number of them and their own testimony was I didn't even think about I didn't even think about receiving the Holy Ghost or the marriage and divorce sermon. Why would I want to listen to that? I'm in love. How long the in love last? Somebody tell me how long that in love, that glary, you know that stupid love, how long does that last? And so whose fault is it? It's the ministry's fault. Starts at the pullpit. That's why the pastor needs the Holy Ghost and the assistant pastors and the young people and the song servants, even the janitors. We want them filled with the Holy Ghost, too. You want to come clean our church? Here's a requirement. Have you received the Holy Ghost since you you can't even take out the trash until you receive the Holy Ghost? What if that was a requirement? God have mercy upon us. Talking about God's church, the great purge. Neglect not these great things. You know, and I close with the musicians would come. He said it was Paul promised it. He talked about the cold formal church, the powerless. He talked about it's a terrible time, the lack of concern, falling away from the fundamentals of the Bible, falling away from the word. talked about the lukewess lukewarmness and then they fell away from the spiritual feast. He says, "Huh? They fell away from the spiritual feast." That's a quotation. Can I read one more? Saints Is your life worthy of the gospel? Paragraph number 70. God bless you richly. One of the great ambitions somebody give me the paper just now, this new pope has said, is to unite the churches together. They'll do it just as certain as I'm standing here. And the Protestants fall for it. See, because the church, the Bible says, Paul, the prophet of the Lord says, "That day will not come except there coming a falling away first. Then before the man of sin will be revealed, he that siteth in the temple of God, upholding himself, all that's above God, he as God, forgiving sins of the earth, and so forth, how that this thing happened." But it couldn't happen until the falling away, until the church began to get away from the spiritual feast. Draw itself back and organize itself. Then the revelation didn't stay with the church. We've gotten away from that spiritual feast, the things that that that prepares you for the rapture. those very deep hidden truths. The mysteries of Revelations 10, the third pool, the son of man ministry, all of those beautiful being sealed in the stature of a perfect man that those things are important things. They they're all underneath that seven. So that's the spiritual feast that we're under and we don't want to get away from that. They we've increased in activities. There's more activities for our youth and for church people more than ever. And some have swapped the Holy Ghost feast for the activities. But I thank God for the activities. But we we have a spiritual feast here that we have a responsibility to. God bless you. Let us pray. Lord Jesus, we ask your blessings upon the people here, the people of God. those saints in Phoenix, Lord, and the different ones we stream the service. May you bless them and help them as well. May each one that's gathered in your name receive from you, Lord, these few moments of calling upon uh the word to come forth in our midst to circumcise our hearts, our ears, our expectations, our neglectfulness. Lord, Moses neglected it. Joshua neglected it. And Lord, many of us have neglected it. But Lord, we not purposefully. Lord, I don't believe we just haven't been made aware like we should have. Please help us, we pray. Grant a outpouring of your Holy Spirit to every one of us, Lord. We desire it with all of our hearts. I desire it, Lord. May you send it forth in Jesus name. Amen. All the way. I'm going all the way. Yes. I'm going all the way with the Lord. Going all the way. Oh yes. I'm going on. Going all the way. I am going all the way. Going all the way. Oh Lord, I'm going on. I am going on the way with the Lord. No turning back. No turn. Oh no, I'm going. No, turn me back. I am going all the way. No more turn me back. Yes, I'm going all the way. I am going all the way with the Lord. Made my decision. I made my decision and I'm going on. Yes, I made my decision. Yes, I'm going all the way. Hallelujah. I made Oh, yes. I'm going all the way with the Lord. No turning back. Oh, no turning back. [Music] No turning back. Oh, hallelujah. No turn back. I'm going all the way. Yes. I'm going all the way with the Lord. Going all the way. going on way with my Lord. Yes, I'm going way. Amen. Let's bow our heads for a moment. You know, this afternoon there will be a baptism. One young one one sister believer, she might be in streaming the service in Mesa. She was here with us for a month or so, couple months, and we were on that um marriage and divorce. And I offered the saints to go get that book. And so she got a copy of the book. She was raised in the message and she that that message began to turn her life around. She said she realized she needed to change her life. She had been baptized before. She was raised in the church, but just reading that brought an awareness to her. And she, Sister Dorcas, said she wants to be baptized. And now, you know how they're ready. This was Thursday night. I says, "When would you like to get baptized?" She said, "I'll do it right now. I want to be baptized." So, the Lord willing, they'll be here tonight for the service. Every head bowed, every eye closed, please. And um as you prepare your hearts for what the Lord has for you, if you need to be baptized, if you need to be saved, rededicate it, reconsecrate your [Music] life. That opportunity is here for you today. Right now, this morning, actually, you can be baptized. You can repent of your sin. be baptized and receive the Holy Ghost. Oh my, beautiful. The Lord Jesus has extended his grace and mercy to you today. And I would say, my brother, my sister, don't turn him away. Don't neglect the voice of the Lord. You're you're no doubt a good person in your heart and you don't want to do things that are wrong and God has been dealing with you. That's how he does and the enemy will cause you to, you know, put it off another time. Put it off. But today is the day of salvation for you. The Lord Jesus is dealing with your heart, dealing with your life. You can make that commitment to him right now. He'll receive you and you repent and then you be baptized and the Lord will fill you with the Holy Ghost. That's the promise of his word. I extend that offer to you today as we just pray. I just pray. Lord Jesus, those hearts that are here that need it in their life, oh God, I pray that they would make that decision, that they'll make it up in their mind, Father, to commit their life to you. It's you that brought them. It's you're the one that's teaching and leading them. Father, I pray that you would take them all the way. all the way with the word all the way through into the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Father, we just ask for that. Lord, there's none like you. We give you the praise. We commit these these ones to you dealing with their hearts. Many many have been raised in this word, raised in the church, raised around it. They need a commitment. They need a they need a dedication. They need a gil gal. They need a circumcision. They need to be saved, oh God. And I pray that you'll save them today. Receive them today. In Jesus name I pray. Grant it, Father. Amen. Amen. All the way. Going on. Going all the way with the Lord. Let's all stand to our feet. Going all the way. Oh yes. I'm going. Going all the way. Going all All the way. Going all the way. I'm going all the way with the [Music] Lord. There is none like you. Let's sing that just before we go. I'm ask brother Josh to come and dismiss us in a word of prayer. There is none like you. Oh, no one else heart like you do. I can search for all eternity long and find. There is none like you. How many can testify that there's none like you? There is none like you. Nobody like Jesus. No one else can touch my heart like you do. I can search for all eternity [Music] long. There is none like you. Amen. Bless you, brother Josh. See you. Praise the Lord. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, there truly is none like you. Lord, there's no joygiver like you. God have mercy. Lord, there's nobody who can touch our heart like you have. Father, you're we know your mercies to be new every morning, Lord. How you've treated us, how you've been to us, Lord. The message you've brought to us. There's no other message like it in the world. There's nothing else like hearing that voice, Lord. There's nothing like hearing those tapes like soaking it in, soaking the word of God deep into our hearts. And Father, we just never let that leave our hearts, that absolute that we have, that anchor that's been dropped. Lord, we're so thankful for what you've done in this age. Lord, nobody else could have done it. You sent somebody special to do it, and you've allowed us to have ears to hear it. You've allowed us to have eyes to see. What a blessing it is, [Music] Lord. There's churches out there that are suffering as we speak right now. Lord, pe people out there that are wondering, but Father, and nothing we've done in oursel, but Lord, you just blessed us so much to put us here to hear this word to see it. Father, Lord, we didn't deserve it, but you did it anyways. Lord, thank you so much for opening up our hearts, for giving us willing hearts to receive what you've given in this age. And Father, we love you and we thank you for your grace and your mercy. And Lord, we just ask that you would bless the service tonight, Lord. That your your presence would be here. And Lord, even in this closing song service, that your presence would be here. Lord, that your spirit would come and walk these aisles. Lord, that you would be amongst us. Lord, that as a song plays, Lord, you speak to each heart, every need that's here, Lord. We ask these things and the name above all names in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Thank you, my brother. I'm going to ask the deacons to come. I'm sorry we didn't take that Tanzanian offering. We had a missionary offering we wanted to take for the work there in Tanzania. Brother Joshua, I've been there myself. I see the need there. And we're going to ask brother Joe and brother. Yeah, you have there. We're just quickly u bowheads for word of prayer. Lord Jesus, bless this offering and where it will go to. To the brothers in Morugoro, Tanzania, Father, for the work there. I see the burden and Lord, you've put it on our hearts to be missionaries. We can't go, but we support. We send. And Lord, we ask you. We know there's needs all over the world. Even in this city, even in there's the homes here, there's needs, financial needs, and little stresses and the things that we need in our life. Some health care and the different challenges we have. But oh God, you supply all of our needs. And we just ask you, Lord, to bless the gift and the giver. May you return to them a hundfold as they give to the kingdom of God. We know we're in the perfect will, your perfect will in this missionary effort. And Lord, we ask that you would bless this offering and let it expand and grow and meet the needs for which these precious souls are giving it to. Lord, the stewardship of it. We send it all in the mighty name of Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Eternity long. There is none like you. None like you. Oh, there is [Music] not else to touch or like you do. I can search for all eternity long and find Christian life. you. God bless you [Music] richly. There is none like you. Oh, heart like you do. I can search for all the she long. There is none but you. God bless you. We'll sing one more before we go. All right, let's sing that song. Jesus name above all name just before we go. Jesus name above all name. Beautiful Savior. Glorious glory Lord of Lord Emmanuel. God God is with us. Blessed redeemer. Hallelujah. Livinging word. Oh Jesus, name above all names. Beautiful Savior, Savior, glorious Lord of Lord, Emmanuel. God is with us. Blessed redeemer redeemer living. One more time. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Name above all names. Beautiful Savior, glorious Lord, Lord of oh Emmanuel. God is with the blessed redeemer. [Music] God bless you. God be with you. Oh [Music] Jesus, name above all name. Beautiful savior [Music] reord. Hallelujah. The living word. Jesus. Jesus. Oh. All name. [Music] Lord of Lord [Music] Emmanuel. God is with us. [Music] I feel you. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Jesus. Jesus. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Are you [Music] [Music] [Music] Thank you Lord. [Music] [Music] [Music] Lay down church. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Thank you. [Music] [Music] Thank you. [Music] I [Music] take quiet. [Music] Apply it to [Music]
