################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-14 - Sun Evening 04-13-25 - David Musgrove.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-14
Title:   Sun Evening 04-13-25
Speaker: David Musgrove
Church:  Shalom Tabernacle Tucson
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i3tiFgwGGTQ
========================================

When I come into his presence, I humble myself. Could we stand together tonight? Both my hands and I begin to worship him. Yes, I worship him for all you've done, Lord. For all you have done for me, you've redeemed and set me free. And because, just because You are God. Sing that second verse with me. And when I come into his presence, I humble myself remembering what he's done. All the victories he has won. So I'll praise him. Oh yes, I will praise him. Let's sing that again. Yes, when I come into his presence, I humble myself, remembering what he's done, the victories he has won. So I'll praise him. Yes, I will. I'll praise him for all he has done for me. He's redeemed and set me free. And because just because he is God for all you've done, Lord, for all you have done for [Applause] me, you've redeemed and set me free. And because just because. Oh, it's because just because. Oh, it's because just because you are God. Amen. Brother Chuck King, would you come open our service tonight with word prayer? So good to be gathered together again this evening and looking forward to what the Lord has in store for us. Amen. Have a couple of specials this evening, which is wonderful news for me. Without a voice, it's the more specials the better. So I see our our brother Jeff here. I'm not going to call on you to sing, but it' be awfully easy to say come up and lead. But welcome all those that are visiting from Charity tonight. God bless you. God glad you brought your lick of fire with you and we just we came to worship him this evening. Trust he gets all the honor and glory. It's our desire tonight. [Music] Amen. As Lord and Savior as we come before you tonight, Lord God, we're so grateful to know you, Lord, to be able to serve you. Thank you, Lord, for shining the light in our pathway. Father, open our eyes so we can see. Lord God, we're nothing in ourselves. We know that, Lord God. It's just your amazing grace. And we just want to praise you tonight, Lord. Asking that you'd pour out your Holy Spirit, Lord, upon this little body of believers, Father. Just let that spirit fall aresh, Lord God. Lord, we're needy people. Just ask for your blessings upon us in the service. Lord, may everything that's said and done be done for your honor and glory. Lord, may you be magnified as you're deserving. We ask it and give you thanks for all things in Jesus name. Amen. Maybe you just stay where you're at, but turn around and shake hands with a few people that are around you this evening. So good to see all the smiling faces tonight. Amen. [Music] Let's go to the key of D. Sister Sher, you can be seated if you'd [Music] like. Come. Now is the time to worship. Oh, come. Now is the time to give your heart. Oh come just as you are worship. Come just as you are before your God. Come. Let's sing that one more time together. Oh come now is the time to [Music] worship. Oh come now is the time to give your heart. Oh, come just as you are to worship. Come just as you are before your God. [Music] And one day every tongue will confess you are God. One day every knee will bow. Still the greatest treasure remains for those who gladly choose it now. Oh come. Now is the time to [Music] worship. Oh come. Now is the time to give your heart. Won't you come? Just as you ought to worship oh come just as you are before your God come. Won't you come? Oh, come and we bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the Lord. as we bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the Lord. And we offer up to you the [Music] sacrificees of thanksgiving that we offer up to you the sacrifice. Let's just sing now together one more time. Oh yes, we bring the sacrifice of praise. into the house of the Lord. Yes, we bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the Lord. willingly offer up to you the sacrificees of thanksgiving. We offer up to you the sacrificees of joy. We will remember. We will remember. We will remember the works of your hands. Oh, we will stop. We'll give you praise for great is thy faithfulness. [Music] You're our creator, our life sustainer, deliverer, our comfort, our joy. Throughout the ages, you've been our shelter and our peace in the midst of the storm. We will remember. We will remember. We will remember the works of your hand. We will stop. We'll give you praise for great is thy faithfulness. With signs and wonders, you've shown your power. With signs and wonders, you shown your power with precious blood. You showed us your grace. You've been our helper, our liberator. You're the giver of life with no end. We will remember. We will remember. We will remember the works of your hands. We will stop. We will stop. We'll give you praise for great is thy faithfulness. When we walk through life's darkest valleys, we will look back at all you have done. And we will shout, "Our God is good. Oh, and he is the faithful one." We will remember. We will remember. We will remember the works of your hands. And we will stop. We'll give you praise for great is thy faith. I wonder if we could just sing that third verse together one more time. But when we get to that part that says, we will shout, "Our God is good." That doesn't need to be a future time. There's no reason we can't shout tonight and say, "Our God is good and he is the faithful one." When we walk through life's darkest valley, we will look back at all you have done. Let's shout together. We will shout Our God is good and he is the faithful one. Oh, we will remember. Yes, we will remember. We will remember the works of your hand. And we will will stop and we'll give you praise for great is our faith. And I still remember I still remember the day you saved me. The day I heard you call out my name. You said you love me. You'd never leave me. Oh, and I've never been the same. We will remember. Oh, we will remember. We will remember the works of your hand. Oh, we will stop. We'll give you praise for grace. Sing it one more time and say, "I will remember." I will remember. I will remember. I will remember the works of your hands. I will stop. I will stop. I'll give you praise for great is thy [Music] faithfulness. Amen. Brother Trevor, if you would, Sister Abby could come and sing for us. We'll sing a chorus as you're coming forward. The joy of the Lord is my strength. The joy of the Lord is my strength. The joy of the Lord is my strength. The joy of the Lord is my strength. Oh, the joy of the Lord is my strength. The joy of the Lord is my strength. The joy of the Lord is my strength. The joy. And maybe we can sing one more verse. He gives me living water. Oh, he gives me living water and I thirst. He gives me living water and I thirst no more. He gives me living water and I thirst no more. The joy of the Lord is my strength. Amen. That's my testimony. God bless you all. I'd like to give just a real short testimony. I'll keep it short. Um me and Abby have kind of been dealt our first really tough trial of our marriage and I believe we've passed it and I want to just share some of the little details about that. So about a month and a half ago, almost two months ago at my job, I was um wrongly alleged of, you know, I work with children with autism, so I'm a therapist with them and they're my patients. Someone had said that I was like cursing at the child and I was like making fun of them and putting them in a like restricted position and stuff like that. And I had a bunch of people side with me saying like, "Trevor is not the type. This isn't true." But management just on hearsay with no evidence other than their word took their side and I've was basically forced into a position of finding a new job. But that being said, um the Lord did provide uh me a new job which is amazing. And I just want to say um maybe give a rose to my wife, but she has shown absolute unwavering faith through the entirety of it. There is not one time where she was like scared or nervous or like, "Oh, Trevor, I don't know what we're going to do." She was completely confident the whole time. And I can't say the same for myself. But I'm just so happy she really kind of kept me grounded through that. Um, and uh, during this time I uh, just really leaning on just the word and looking for any nuggets in the Bible I could find that would be encouraging to me some, you know, find myself in a story or something. And I found a specific scripture that like I wouldn't really put it with my situation, but being in the fire of it, you kind of make the connection with it. And so I'll read it to you. It's um I have it. It's in John 6. Jesus is telling his disciples to eat of his flesh and drink of his blood, which is kind of a test to them. And they're like, "What? Like we got to we got to do this." But their confidence behind it there and some left him. Some some of them abandoned Christ. But in verse 67 it says, "Then Jesus said unto the twel, will you also go away?" And Simon Peter answered him, Lord, to whom shall we go? Thou hast the words of eternal life, and we believe and are sure that thou art that Christ, the son of the living God. And in so in my situation I you know telling Abby I'm like who can we go to? We can only go to him. And the Lord helped me and Abby in writing this song. So we wrote this song together through inspiration of the Lord and just would like to share that with you this evening. So we hope it's a [Music] blessing. Oh Lord. Oh Lord, to whom shall we go? But [Music] you, oh Lord, oh Lord, to whom shall we [Music] go? Oh Lord, oh Lord, to whom shall we go? But you, oh Lord, oh Lord, to whom shall we [Music] go? Thou hast the words of eternal life. And we believe that thou art that living Christ, the son of the living God. To whom shall we go but [Music] you, oh Lord, oh Lord, to whom shall we go? But you, oh Lord, oh Lord, to whom shall we go? Thou hast the words of eternal life. And we believe that thou art that living Christ, the son of the living God. To whom shall we go but you? One more time. Won't you sing with me? Oh Lord, oh Lord, to whom shall we [Music] go? But you, oh Lord, oh Lord, to whom shall we? Let's sing that part one more time. Who, oh Lord, oh Lord, to whom shall we go? But you, oh Lord, oh Lord, to whom shall we go? Thou hast the words of eternal life, and we believe that thou art that living Christ, the son of the livinging God, to whom shall we go but you? To whom shall we go but you? [Music] [Applause] Amen. Brother Zach and the Somano girls also have a song for us tonight. So maybe we can just I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I thought somebody said something there. So um we'll just sing a little capella chorus. Sister Po, you can stay there because I think Zach's going to be playing as they're coming. Amen. He is here. Hallelujah. He is here. Amen. He is here. Holy, holy. Call out your name. [Music] You will never be the same. [Music] to be God. [Music] There is no mountain too tall. He cannot move it. There is no storm to talk. God cannot calm it. There is no sorrow too deep. He cannot sit if he carried the weight of the world upon his shoulders. I know my brother that he will carry you. If he carried the weight of the world upon his shoulders. I know my sister that he will carry you. He said, "Come unto me all who are we and I will give you rest. [Music] There is no problem too big. God cannot solve it. There is no mountain too tall. He cannot move it. There is no storm too dark. God cannot calm it. There is no sorrow too deep. He cannot sue it. If he carried the weight of the world upon his shoulders. [Music] I know my brother that he will car you. If he carried the weight of the world upon his shoulders, [Music] I know my sister that he will carry you. He said, "Come unto me all who are we [Music] and I will give you rest. [Applause] Let's stand together tonight. I sure appreciated the specials we had. Amen. If the brothers could come and take any prayer requests that may have been turned in, brother Ben, if you could bring those. And how many just have a unspoken need on your heart tonight? Want to make that known with an uplifted hand. Amen. So, I know we've got number that are out of town. We'll be traveling back and then just keep our pastor in prayer as well as he'll be traveling to Liberia this coming week. So, brother Ben, if you'd bring the rest of [Music] requests, God bless you all. was thinking this morning when our pastor mentioned the uh cursed of he that's hangs on a tree and I was I know it's Easter week. I was thinking and that the prophet told us that excuse me that Jesus Christ didn't die because of nails on the cross. He died of a broken heart. And I was thinking how Peter, he said, "I'll never deny you. I'll I'll go I'll die for you." And uh the Lord said, "You're going to deny me thrice." And when he denied him three times, I believe they on the last time they made eye contact and the the Bible says that Peter went and cried bitterly. I wonder what went through his mind. But then when after the resurrection when they seen him on the shore, Peter was the first one who he got off the boat and just took off running to him. And then uh after the uh the upper room experience when the pillar of fire divided themselves among them when he came to the point where they were crucify him, he said, "Don't crucify me. Crucify me up upside down. and I'm not worthy to die like my Lord. With that thought, I just we let's just worship him tonight and just know that he died for us from a broken heart cuz he was rejected by the whole world. He died lonely of a broken heart. Peter rejected him. And I believe that uh when they made eye contact, the Lord Jesus gave him a look of love. That's why he went and cried bitterly. the Bible says. And uh with that thought uh also um brother Will I had the opportunity to go to San Carlos Friday, brother Will's work down there and oh man, I said Will really works hard. It's far climbing the mountains. We got to pray for brother will that God would help him and give him strength because those uh it's and then I saw the pictures there in that little humble place. I saw the pictures where there the prophet was preaching there and they were packing them. I saw a brother packing them because he had just did discernment. He was so weak. And I told us Apaches there, you know that God doesn't uh the prophet clearly told us that he he wouldn't go nowhere unless the the God told him to go. Otherwise, he wouldn't go because he said if if he doesn't tell me to go, he might not be there. So I told the Apaches, God told Brother Bram to come here to this humble place. He loves the Apaches. Why? There's Apaches everywhere else, New Mexico and everything. Why did he tell him to go to San Cardinals? So, let's pray for brother Will that he be strengthened, Lord. And I believe there's predestinated seeds over there. Yes. With that, uh, we have a prayer request here that sister Sherry and Mesa is asking for her son Blake in the hospital with a serious painful infection stripped in his hand. also for that salvation of his soul. Pray that uh this sister would give her a peace that surpasses all understanding and that God would come on the scene for that young boy Blake and would save his soul. That's the most important thing. And also the physical healing that he would take all that pain away. Thank you. Let's pray. Lord Jesus, come before thee here this evening, Lord, with great expectation in our hearts, Lord, that you would speak to us, Lord, that you would use Brother Musgrove in a special way, Lord, an old soldier of the cross, Lord, a veteran, Lord. I pray that you would use him mightily. Take over his mind, take over his heart, his vocal cords, Lord, and speak to us, Lord. and we'll be careful, Lord, to give you all the honor and all the glory, Lord, this evening. Lord, the sick and the afflicted, Lord, we play pray for them, Lord. We pray for the young people that are going through trials and this hard time, Lord, in this the most evil time that's ever been in the history of man, Lord, oh God. But you said you'd be with us even in the end of the world, Lord. We love you here this evening, Lord. and we want to worship you in spirit and truth. Lord, bless us, Lord, as we commit this service into your hands for your keeping in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Maybe we can sing that chorus. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into it and they are saved. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into him and they are saved. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into it. They are saved. Blessed be blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord most high. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into this. They are saved. The name of the Lord is a strong town. Let the righteous run into it. And they are sing blessed be the day. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Singing name of the Lord. Oh, blessed the name of the Lord most high. Blessed, blessed be the name of the Lord. Glory. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Amen. God richly bless you. We're so happy to be in the house of the Lord with you this evening. We have a very special guest, very honored guest actually, our dear friend and brother, the Reverend the Elder, the pastor David Musgrove. And we're so happy to have him with us. And his dear wife is here. And we send you greetings, my dear sister. Let's get make them feel welcome. Praise the Lord. And brother Loker and his dear wife is here. God bless them. All the those saints there from charity that are gathered here. I see brother Nathan there. God bless him and his their daughter there. And each of you. We're so glad to be in the house of the Lord. We come expecting to hear from the Lord tonight. Amen. Brother Musgrove. I've known him for a number of years since they moved into the city. And uh he told me he's been preaching since he was 15 years old. He'll be 77 in August. So he's over 60 over 61 years of preaching now. How many of you are even 60 years old? He's been preaching for a little while. He might have something that you need to know. He just might. And he's looking very well, isn't he? He's solid in the word. I thank God for him. He's uh um you know, I follow him from a distance. And great leaders are like that. You have more people watching you than perhaps you realize. And when we see each other, it's always nothing but love and respect. And so, the Lord made it possible for him to be here with us tonight. We want to make him feel very welcome as he breaks the bread of life to us. And so as he prepares to come, we just let him have let the Lord have his way and just and um ask God to bless us. If you look come looking for something to say amen to, the Lord will give you something to say amen to. If you come looking to criticize, you will find that also. But I'm coming expecting to have the Holy Spirit impart eternal life to me that I can grow in his grace and mercy to be ready for the rapture and the coming of the Lord. Amen. That's why we're here to get ready so we can go home. So as you prepare to come with all of your heart, let's sing Amazing Grace. Oh, amazing grace. How [Music] sweet that saved a rich like [Music] me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I [Music] see. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise [Music] God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Well, God bless you, bride. It's wonderful to be here with you. Some of you I have met before and all of you, I believe I've met before the foundation of the world. I believe we was there shouting and singing together. So, we reacquaintance down here on this earth getting ready to go back where we come from. Brother Brandham said we're like a arrow that shoots through time from eternity and goes back into eternity. So, we're just on a little trip tonight and what a blessing being here. Uh so happy for you to see this beautiful building that God has given to you. Not a popular thing now for people to have a church I guess but nevertheless you have to fight uphill but it's really good to see you in fellowship and here to unite yourselves together as the Bible said the much more so as you see the day approaching. So we thank the Lord to see you in the word how we love your pastor and appreciate him so much. We've known him for a few years and he uh has been over to our church and spoke before at Charity Tabernacle. We always enjoyed his his ministry and his precious wife and family and all the talent. May God bless them and bless you for your stand with them and the work that God has given you here in Tucson, Arizona. And we appreciate you very much. And I believe that uh like I said, we have the same father and we come from the same seedline of the life of God. So therefore, today we are one in Christ Jesus because my father is your father. And where I came from, you came from. Where I'm going, you're going. Amen. So we're just united together to fellowship tonight around what we know that God has called us to be. I don't tell them to be too heavy on that uh elder. It sounds really old, you know. So I was the other day, you may be seated for a moment. Uh uh we went by a a place, one of these gym show deals and uh and so anyway, I believe I came from eternity, you know, and I know you do also. And this man uh was standing there looking at a dinosaur and they said the dinosaur was something like 72 million years old or something like that, you know, this dinosaur skeleton and everything. So I walked up and I I told the guy, I said, "Wow, he's almost as old as I am." And the guy said, "Speak for yourself." He thought I was crazy. But you know, we do go all the way back in eternity. We come from God. We're going back to God. And so today, we don't just unite as somebody that we have met here in this life. We unite as somebody that is eternal. I look today at you as eternal. I look at you that you come from God. And brother Brandham said that in order to have eternal life, you had to come from a part of God. So that's what we believe today. that we are a part of Jehovah God that's here in this life for a few days. We wouldn't have had to come had it not been for the fall, but through the fall we came here to manifest the attributes of God. So, it's wonderful to be here. I fight the battle with you. I was thinking about a beautiful uh quote of the prophets where he said in Acts 4 when they assembled together, I was with them when the building shook after the prayer meeting. The building shook where they were sitting. I was identified with them there. I preached with Paul at Mars Hill. I was with John on the aisle of Patmas and seen his second coming. I was with Luther in the reformation. I was with Wesley, the fire brand, the snatch of the fires when the great revolution against the angelic church. I was there with him and I am here tonight. And he said, "And I'd like to say I'm here tonight at Shalom Tabernacle and I'm identified with you. The same kind of group, the same kind of experience. I must be a Christian. I must stay identified where the word of God is being manifest. I'm identified with a group that feels the spirit of God. I'm identified with a group that knows he's unveiled and knows he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. I know that that is not it's not fanaticism. It's Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. You know what brother Brandham said? His message swept the world. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. He said, "Do you know what that means? That means that he's ever present tense. He was present tense 10,000 years ago. He's present tense today and he'll be present tense tomorrow. the same yesterday, today, and forever. I'm identified with a group that is here tonight. Yet, they're called a bunch of heretics, yet a bunch of fanatics on account of the word of God. But I'm not ashamed of the gospel of Jesus Christ, for it's the power of God and salvation. And I'm one. I'm with them living apostles. I spoke of vindicated God veiled in human form in men and women. God in his immoria again. Who is God immoria? It's you. Godia that's chose your body to dwell in. So God immoria again unveil himself to make himself known to his people. And brother Brandham even said that every fiber of your body would be filled with the Holy Ghost. Then what does that make you? There's only two, the Holy Ghost or the unholy ghost. It makes you the very characteristic and attribute of Jehovah God. Amen. Yet a little while in the world won't see me no more. I'll be veiled in them. But ye shall see me for I'll be with you even in you all the way to the consummation the changing from Luther Wesley and on for the glory of God. I'm still the same God that liveth and going back to the original glory. He was broke. He has broken every denominational veil, every sound barrier that sounds that says, "Oh, that's fanaticism." He broke right through that. The sound that came out there said, "Oh, them people are crazy." He broke right through that veil. He didn't, "Oh, you can't do it. You're nothing but a bunch of fanatics." He broke right through that. No such thing as all these things that God is doing. Well, I can say today there is such thing and you're here today. So, may God richly bless you. We love and appreciate you. Some of y'all knew me. One of my brothers back here knew me back when I was just a young man. I used to have black hair, you know, and I was a little younger, but I'm a little older now, but I've had some experiences with the the the the the great things of God. And I can say my testimony would be as brother Bam said on Statue of a Perfect Man. We don't care a tent or a cottage. Why should I care? Live or die, sink or drown. This is the thing I'm interested in is the kingdom of God. Whether I maintain my home, whether I maintain my family, whether I maintain whatever it is, let me maintain Christ, the hope of glory. Build me up, oh Lord, unto this. Let Christ be my head that workketh through me on my foundation, my faith that's in him. Let virtue and knowledge and temperance and patience, godliness, and brotherly kindness work in me, oh Lord, is my prayer. I don't care. Live or die, sink or drown, denomination or no denomination, friend or old friend, let that work in me. Let Christ's virtue and knowledge flow out that I might be able to teach those. So that's my testimony tonight. Amen. So it's wonderful to be here with you, my wife and I, and of course, Brother Jeff, Sister Holly, and Brother Barrett and his precious daughter. It's wonderful to be here in fellowship with you. I I told brother uh brother I tell I told brother Israel I said well I supposed to came over for a prayer meeting here a while back and I coming down with co and so I said I wanted to come over so bad and be in the prayer meeting but I wasn't able to make it so I owed him one but uh it ended up owing him one I guess he thought meant that I was going to come over and speak for you so here I am tonight. Amen. And I pray there'd be something said that will enlighten you to who you are. Because brother Random said, if we ever find out who we are, the rapture would take place. I don't have a message to tell you how to get through the tribulation period. I don't know anything about that. But I've got a message to know to tell you how to get ready for the rapture because I don't have nothing to do with the tribulation period. All this stuff's going on out here. It's scary if you didn't have that anchor in Christ Jesus. I've already been connected to my theophony. I know that I got a body awaiting me, standing right here. And so do you. You have that great presence of faith today. And I can truly say, "Oh, death, where is thy sting? Oh grave, where's thy victory?" Because there's something that's bubbling up in my soul to know that I am eternal tonight. I'm come from God. I'm going back to God. I'm a part of God standing in the pulpit tonight proclaiming his word and that he is the same today as he ever was because he is the almighty God. The power of his spirit is living in the believer. So if you don't mind standing with me just for a moment for the the reading of the word of God in Gen in Galatians 3:16-18. Now to Abraham and his seed were the promise made. That's ab that's Galatians 3:16 and 18. Now to Abraham and his seed were the promise made. He saith not and to his seeds as of many, but is one and to thy seed which is Christ. And so this this evening I'd like to preach a little small message if you don't mind on the real true seed of God. How many believe you're a true seed of God? Oh, I like that. Amen. The true seed of God, you may be seated. The true seed, we know if you look at the seed itself, it means that when you plant the seed for a specific plant variety, the resulting plants will be genetically identical to the parent plant, exit exhibiting the same characteristics. That's what a true seed is. And a seed always will produce seeds. Amen. But uh a an an untrue seed does not have seeds. It's hybrid because there's no seed that it produces. You ever eat a seedless grape? It can't reproduce itself. You ever eat a watermelon with no seed in it? It can't produce itself. But we realize the true seed implies that the offspring plants grow from the seed and are essentially clones of the parent plant inherited the same traits and characteristic. So now is what we're looking at is the seed of God. Because there's only real two really two seed on the face of the earth. That's the serpent's seed and the seed of God. You go back in the garden of Eden, there was two trees. Tree of life and the tree of knowledge of good and evil. And from there came four seeds. And we realize those seeds is what we want to look at today. Because you know, you take a little acorn for instance. That little acorn that you find in the field, that little acorn is screaming out, "I am an oak tree." You look at that little acorn, you say, "Now wait just a minute." But inside of that little acorn, there is an oak tree. And when that first little sapling comes forth, you can hear the voice of that little seed saying, "I am a oak tree." Amen. That's the confession because that's what he was born to be. And as he grows, people might say, "Are you crazy or what? You think you're you're just a little bitty seed." But see, that seed has got life in it. And a real true seed of God has got life in it to know where they come from and know what they're to be manifesting in their generation. So that little seed starts growing. He might go through the storms and all the things it goes through, but it's got an inner uh inner life in it that is growing and growing and growing. And that little seed is not perfect until when that oak tree is completely filled out, it'll drop another seed that's got the same life in it. Because that's what it's literally striving toward, to produce other seed. And that seed will fall on the ground or sometime a squirrel will get the little seed and take and bury it in the ground. But when it buries in the ground, there's something in that little seed that's going to come forth and bring forth another oak tree. So you are a seed of God. But let me tell you something. You are not a seed without being uh germatized by the life of God. It's there's a little uh uh a little thing they do to a seed to feel it to see if it's it's literally been germatized or not. And it's what they do with seeds. They take the oak tree seeds there and some are not germatized just dead seeds. They're they can never produce. So it's what they do. They put them in in water. And when they put them seeds in water, the ones that goes down to the bottom is the ones that's germatized. And the others just float on the top. And they know no use planting the ones that just floats on the top because they're not germmitized. But the one that's germatized, it falls in that water down to the bottom. And they say, "Now there's a true seed." And that's the way the word of God is. The word is the water of the washing of the word. And when the true seed of God is put in the water, they got a depth to them. They're not floaters way up here on the top just to say that I'm a believer of the message, but they go deep into the word and they're anchored in by the true blood cell of God itself. We're not here today just because God chose us to be believers. We are here because of we have within us the capabilities to bring forth eternity and be changed from the moment in the twink of an eye in the great rapture that lays ahead. That's how you are true seeds of God. So are you a floater today or are you deep in the word of God? Uh are you just up here in salvation somewhere? Are you deep into redemption knowing that you got to be redeemed back to what you come from? Because remember now you come from somewhere and even Job was challenged by God. Job where was thou and where was you today? I'd like to challenge you. Where was you when the foundation of the world was laid? I was there. Where was you at all of the times that brother Brandham said when all the reformers came forth and all the things happened from the time of the church ages that we've been in? I was there. You was there. We was there when God spoke his word and created the heavens and the earth. I was there. I was a thought in the mind of God. Elohim thought about me and one day he spoke me and I become an expression of Elohim which was the logos of God. I become a living creation. I become impossible to be deceived. I can't be deceived. You can't be deceived. The church world thought even Billy Graham that you could be deceived. But we know the prophet come along. He said it said if it was possible he would deceive the very elected. But it is not possible for you to be deceived because you are a true seed a born seed a filled seed of God. So living inside is that living dynamo with the life of God. So if you're just a floater today, then let me allow the Holy Spirit to impregnate you with the power of the word, which will change you from just being a floater out here in life, floating around into the depth of the reality of what God really is in the heart of the believer. Amen. That's what God is depending on you to do. My in the word is a thought expressed in the beginning was the word. And brother Brandham even said the earth is the word of God. You realize that the earth. So he reached down even to the dust of the earth and created a body for Adam to dwell in. But that was his word. He took it out of the word. Everything comes from the word of God. So even the dust of the earth was the word of God. And that word was made flesh. And there was Adam and Eve in the garden of Eden. A question was asked by brother Brandham. What was the difference in Adam and Eve and what we are today? And brother Brandham said, 'Well, Adam and Eve did not have a belly button. Now, everybody knows what a belly button is because they did not come that way of life. They was a spoken word of God. And then God took Eve out of the rib of Adam and created itself and took the feminist part out of Adam and put it in Eve. Why? so they could reproduce. The two trees in the Garden of Eden was trees of reproduction. One would have been death, the other would have been life. And because that Eve listened and was beg by Satan, she ptook of the tree of knowledge of good and evil. And then there was death, but till then there was no death. And Adam, because that he loved Eve, parttook of the fruit also. Those was two trees that was going to reproduce. One was going to reproduce eternity. The other tree would reproduce death. And a woman become by by partaking of the unforbidden fruit, she become a producer of death. Because every time that she had a child, that child would die. That child would have diseases. That child would go through what your natural body goes through today. Now, we didn't cause that because we are victims of circumstance. Because we was born in a body that was born out of a a a death situation, but it wasn't meant to be in the beginning. But the tree of life where it would have been born, there would have been a spoken word creation, a spoken word like Adam and Eve was. And Eve would have bore children. And those children would have been brought forth, but not through pain, not through conception of of sex, but been brought forth of the ver power of the spoken word as Adam would speak and there would be a creation. And because it come the other way which was provided by God for the animal life to come forth. But yet because that Adam and Eve ptook of the unforbidden fruit, then every person that was born from a woman was born to die. Amen. But had have it been born through Adam and Eve through the spoken word, they would have never had to die. they would have come to a a time of life which would have been a perfect time of life just like your theophony is in a glorified condition and be able from therefore walk and talk and live forever and ever and ever throughout eternity. So I just want to bring that to you to see about the difference between the seed of God and the seed of the serpent. Now, the thing of it is is God put your name on the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. So, those names on the lamb's book of life, not just in the book of life because you could be taken out of the book of life, but your name cannot be taken out of the lamb's book of life because when it was put there, it was a seal of God in that lamb's book of life that prove that you come from God and you're going back to God. So therefore, that true lamb's book of life, but not in the book of life. Like Judas, his name was taken out of the book of life. And that doesn't even record that Judas was ever even born. I mean, even at the white great white throne judgment, people like Judas and people that had no representation here on the earth and their na their name was taken out of the book of life, they won't even have a chance at the great white throne judgment because there'll be nothing written about them. I mean, at least, you know, if you're uh in the book of life and you do live as a Christian and maybe there's no seed of the life of God in there from the Lamb's book of life, you know, you'd have a chance of the great white throne judgment. But I'm not preaching to you're not on the going to the white great great white throne judgment. Your name is written in the Lamb's book of life put there and God will not lose you because he said all the Father hath given will come. Now, I praise out of this that you'll have a faith, a real faith that locks in. And that faith that locks in today, you'll never shake. You'll never want to go back because once you realize who you are, there's no going back. What would you go back to the pig pin for? When you're called to be a seed of God, manifesting and reproducing the very life of Christ himself. So therefore, there was a time when you was born. You was a spoken word seed of God. And you must be born again. Meaning that you got to hook back into that same life you had in the beginning because you had a a birth there. You had a life there. You had a representation there in the mind of God. But all of a sudden when you come down to the world, all the confusing, all the the winds blowing and the oak tree almost blowed out from its roots, but it's got deep enough roots till them oak trees can hold on. But you've got to have a root tree. You've got to have roots to that tree because you get all kinds of stuff like what's happening now right here in Tucson and the wind blowing and the devil trying to bring the false representation of the bride of Christ into light and the papers and everything else. That don't bother me none because I've got a representation in heaven. And they can't they can't uh they can't smudge you. They can't they can lie on you or whatever they want to do. But God has a record and said they are perfect. Do you know there's nothing against you? You are of the seedline of God and there's nothing against you because you have the life of God living in you. Therefore, God himself unveiled and being led by the spirit. We are the sons of God, the original reproduction from the tree of life. Now, you've got to realize how that you're represented. Because if you think you're represented by just what the flesh is, you're not going to get very far. And a lot of people spend all their time looking in the mirror and saying, "Oh, why are you such a failure? Why can't you do this and that?" But what why don't we start saying what God thinks about us? And when you know what God thinks about you, it's going to be alltogether different. There was a beautiful quote where the prophet identified Christ and what Christ was. Because we know he was God manifest in flesh. Jesus Christ was God manifest in flesh. In him was both father, son and holy ghost. Cuz he was the fullness of the godhead bodily. And in our preconception of the idea of what the working is sometime is backed by tradition. We come out of a church. We come out of trinitarianism or whatever you come out of wonders or whatever. And then we have a traditional mindset of what we think God is all about. But we got to go beyond that traditional mindset that you was maybe raised in or you maybe thought about God. And you have to lose all of that to take on the mind of Christ. And that's what this message is. the very mind of Christ revealed to the bride of Christ to be able to produce reproduce the very life of Jesus Christ itself. St. Mark 16, it's a living example of the revelation of God's word to the believer. So today, you're not just somebody on the earth and will I thank the Lord because I'm a believer. No, you are reproduction of Jesus Christ. Can I say that? Hello, Miss Jesus. You're a reproduction of Jesus Christ. Well, I'm a believer. Oh, even more than that. You're a true seed of God that's got the life of God living in you. Amen. In our trinitarian, I was had a trinitarian background. When I was young, I was in the what they call a Christ ambassadors, the CE, they call it Christ ambassadors, CA uh young people's uh deal. And I was like the leader of the young people's deal back 15 16 years ago, 16 years old. And so I was taught that there was three gods, you know, God the Father, God the Son, God the Holy Ghost. And you know that that that that stays with you. I was taught that the baptism of the Holy Ghost was a speak in tongues that it was some emotional workup or something. You felt the shivers and you know, you can do that. You can One one man said, "If I've got to get on the floor to get the Holy Ghost, I'm not going to do I said, "Well, you probably won't get the Holy Ghost because when you say, "I'm not going to," God usually makes you do that way, you know. But the Holy Ghost, we know, come through this the gifts and and we sought the gifts. I've spoken tongues. I've interpreted. I've run the aisles with all the Pentecostal people. Had a good time. But there come a time when God came to me with this revelation that I realized that I no longer had the opportunity of the gifts, but I had the giver. And that's the key tonight is this message brought the giver and revealed in a shout voice in the trump of God the very giver as he descended from heaven and come down to take you home. And I didn't choose this. He chose me. You didn't choose to believe this. He chose you. And he put within you the ability to respond to the power of the unveiling of the word of God. You look back and say, "Well, how did it happen to me? Why did he choose me? Look how many million that's represented right here tonight. You're one in a million. There's several million that's represented right in this building tonight. And you happen to be one in a million that had a seed of life that's in you. And you believe this because God's in you. You don't believe because of who you are. You believe it because God is in you. And brother Brandard said, "You're not the bride. God is the bride. But he's in you with a seed of the life of God in a reproduction that's brought brings forth eternity. And you have the power to impart eternal life. How do you impart eternal life? By letting somebody know as they reveal the word of God that you are that word. Tonight, I'm here to preach eternal life. I'm not here to preach you into another 25 years or 30 years. I'm here to tell you tonight that you are eternal. You come from God. And brother Brandham said that eternity is like a circle. You remember that eternity. It didn't have a beginning or an end. And it dropped down to that little hickey of time. And that's what you're in. That little hickey of time. You're a victim of circumstance to be down here. But brother Bram said, you go right back into that eternal circle again. When you come out of this time element, this time element I'm in tonight. I I this is not me. You're looking at me and you say that's a that's a man called brother Muskro. But the real me is something that's on the inside that is alive. And brother Brandham said the devil can't get your soul. God has your soul in his hand. He said because your soul is that part that come from God. And that's why that soul that come from God is in you and it can't be taken away. Satan, you cannot get to God's people. I don't care if you took and tied them up to a post somewhere and whipped them with a bull whip. You can't get God out of them. You can try to boil them with oil. You can try to mock them. You can try to talk about them. They're not shook by that because they know who they are. They know where they come from. They're not of this world. They're just in the world for a few days. God himself made manifest in the word of God. Jesus Christ, brother Ram said, have faith with the power because he had power. He had that life. He was God himself manifest in flesh. See, brother Brandham said Jesus was the body, but God was a spirit in the body. So the body had to be brought forth without a sex act. It still came through the womb of a woman. The body did, but without a sex act, or he would have went back and been brought forth like that uh a Abel was Cain and Abel. But he couldn't be brought back that way. There had to be a spoken word. And you are a true Mary. And what did Mary say? Brother Brandham said the difference in Mary uh in the Bible and Eve was the fact that Mary said, "Be it unto me according to thy word, O Lord." And Eve was begal by Satan to partake of the tree of knowledge of good and evil that would bring forth death. We live in a very knowledgeable age, a very smart age. Brother Bram said, "The devil reached up and pulled off uh uh pulled off of the tree of life and the first thing they had was an Adam bomb and then all of the wars and the rumors of wars and everything else. They're from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil trying to figure it out up here. Oh my, wouldn't it be something instead of all the politicians if they did the conduct, order, and doctrine in their White House over there? It make a big difference." Amen. But they turned it down. instead the knowledge that man would have to be able to produce. And now what a mess it's in. I'll tell you if we look at it though and we say, "Thanks be to God. I never saw it come together so perfect." Every piece of the puzzle is coming together. And you could have preached it for years. I've been in the message now since 1967 when I first heard about a prophet. And the first tape that I heard which was God's eagle, I never looked back. The Assembly God Church, I said goodbye. They started they started fasting and praying that I'd stay in the Assembly of God church. I said, "Hey, go east, man. I'm already I've got a revelation from God. I done heard from the prophet of God in this end time. Amen. I'm on my way to the resurrection." Amen. It didn't even wasn't even a second thought to me. They want me to be a pastor of a church there, Assembly God Church that I was raised in. But I said, "No." I said, "I've got something higher to fly than to sit on the barnyard fence and pluck around with the chickens. I'm sorry. They just couldn't help theirelves. But hey, I couldn't help myself because I was an eagle either. And you can't help yourself with your front kin folk think you're crazy or whatever. Your next door neighbor, you can't help the fact of what you are. You're an eagle. And you try to act like a chicken and you're going to be a most miserable person on the face of the earth when you're an eagle. Amen. Cluck around trying to act like a float around here and float around there and an eagle one day. No. No. you when you realize you're an eagle, there's no more on the barnyard. You're ready to soar into heavenly places and you're sore to ready to go into that place that God has called you to be in. Look at Jesus Christ. Just to give you an example, and I know brother Paulo is a long-winded preacher. I'm going to preach a lot. I didn't ask how long he preached, but an hour hour or something. So, I'm not going to keep you very long tonight, but I just enjoy sharing the faith that I've got in you. I've got faith in you. I know that you have not been brought into this message by no man. You've been brought in by God himself. And so therefore, I'm preaching and having a good time letting you know who you are. Brother Brandham said that Jesus had faith with his power. How did he? He said, "I could do nothing in myself." Why? He relied upon what he was. He relied in knowing that he was the word. You mean Jesus knew that he was the word? Yes, he was the word. He knew that he was brought forth by a virgin birth. So therefore, he knew that he was that one that was to be the Messiah. And brother Brandham said he had faith in God who made him the word. Can you have faith in God who made you a believer? Faith in God who made you a true seed. Amen. Not faith in your own self and your ability, but faith in the God that said that I have your soul in my hand and I'm not going to lose you. I can't lose a one. He had faith in God who made him the word because he understood his position. He knowed what he was because the scripture had said he was this and every scripture tied in to prove that he was exactly what the scripture said he would be. and he knew what he was. Now, here's the key for you knowing what you are and that you're Germanized by the seed word of God's life. Therefore, he relied upon what God had made him. And when you know that God has made you a believer, you're not relying on whether you can hold on or not. You're relying on the fact that God made you a believer and that the word of God is absolutely personally your identification. And when you know that something's going to happen. Amen. He made him that. He can rely upon what God had made him. These signs would follow them that believe. He had faith in what he was. And if you're a believer, you have faith in what you are. You're a believer. And if you got faith in God, the Bible said over here, if our hearts condemn us not, we have faith in God. See, it doesn't condemn us because we have faith. We have confidence toward God. If you want to read that, it's found in St. John 3:12. Brother Ram said, "Not only thing now, the only thing you have to do then is have faith in what you are." Have faith in what the word says you are. If the word says you're redeemed, have faith in that. If the word says you're a believer, have faith in that. If the word said he would send Malachi 4, you've got faith in that. And brother Brandham had faith in what he was fulfilling because the angel met him one day and told him and giving the scripture, "Behold, I'll send you Elijah the prophet before the great and dreadful day of the Lord." And he knew by that who he was. And he could identify by the scripture and the works that he done. See, I am that I am. And I am the Jesus said. See, he he read it is written of me. Didn't David in Psalms and the prophets and all this speak of him? I am the bread of life that cometh from God out of heaven. I am the tree of life from the Garden of Eden. I am all these things. Jesus said, I am that I am. And he knew with his perfect faith that he was the anointed Messiah. Now, you've got to know with your perfect faith that you are a true seed of God. You've got to know by your faith that you're not called to perish. You're called to live eternally. I'm looking at you today, people that's going to spend eternity with me. I'm looking not at a church believer. I'm not looking at just a message claimer. I'm looking at people that's deeprooted in the fact that we going to spend eternity together. We come from God. We going back to God. Amen. It is written of me. Didn't David the Psalmist and the prophets and all them speak of him? I'm the bread of life. I am that I am. And he knew that he was the anointed Messiah. That the spirit of God was upon him. He said, "Now I in myself do nothing, but it's my faith in God and God was in him. The word made manifest." We always worried about the right interpretations. Well, he's got an interpretation or she got an interpretation. But brother Brandham said the right interpretation is the manifestation. So it's what God is manifesting. You are the manifestation of the interpretation. You are the seed life of God on the face of the earth. And the world cannot hold you down. Impossible. You are the very life of God today. If I'm looking for God today, am I going to look in the sky or am I going to look at you? God immoria. That he could choose your body to come down and dwell in and represent him in eternity. Oh my. Some of you looking at me like, I don't know whether I don't know for sure whether I have that kind of faith or not. Yes, you do. Is all you got to do is let go and let God. Brother Ben said the key to the baptism of the Holy Ghost is to let go and let God. And when you let go and let God, that little seed life will burst forth and all of a sudden you'll say, "I am that I am." Praise be to God. Amen. You don't even come in, you don't come in Jesus name alone. But I am that I am. I am an adopted, manifested son of God. I can write my name on the checkbook and claim it. Claim my family. Yes, you can claim your family. Because this promise is unto you and to your children and to many as far off as the Lord our God shall call. You take a hold of that in reality and claim it. Amen. And the devil shakes when he sees that you know who you are. It was a secret of who you was. If he had opened the lamb's book of life, Amen. and showed the devil who you was, he'd have tried to kill you before you even came alive. But he didn't know that you was the real true seed. He didn't know the power that you'd have in this generation in the midst of Leosa where it's a cold and neither hot nor cold but lukewarm. But he knew that out of that lukewarm condition there would be a seed of life as brother Brandham said just maybe a little mustard seed. Amen. As Jesus represented the kingdom of heaven is a little mustard seed. But one day when that life amen hits that mustard seed what is it in? It's in the condition of faith and it breaks forth or something takes place. So bride, it's a privilege to be able to walk in this life with such a mighty manifestation of God in flesh again. Amen. And I wasn't in the Garden of Eden as far as being an Adam or Eve, but I I'm really I'd rather be here on the earth today being able to manifest his attributes because really to the devil really he got one pulled over on him because the Garden of Eden though he thought he had overcame bringing forth a life but the thing of it is he could not make them lives eternal but the seed in the soul was eternal but he was trying to impersonate what the tree of life could bring forth. forth and bring it in such a way to where that it had to come through the the union of a man and woman and through the the way that the tree of knowledge of good and evil would bring it. But he could not produce you as a true son of God. And he knew that would have eternal life, but he couldn't have eternal life. An angel to come and try to save and to take the whole world. And today, you know why it's so bad out there? This is Satan's Eden. But while he's got a Satan's Eden, we got a heavenly Eden that we've already connected with. I already feel the presence of that new heaven and new earth. I already am represented at the marriage supper of the lamb. Thousand-year millennial reign. I'm already represented there. I can feel the pull of it tonight. I can feel the reality of it tonight. It's not a dream to me. It's something that is substance. It's present tense faith. Jesus never preached a funeral. I told him something happens to me. I'm getting a little older. I said, "Don't have a funeral. You just have a Hallelujah." Amen. Time because I'm not dead. I cannot die. Amen. I'm just on the other side in that theophony. And I know that they're in service tonight. I told him the other day in service, I said, "Well, it's good to be uh hooked up with this one and that one, Puerto Rico and Costa Rica." I said, 'But mainly we're hooked up to heaven. And in heaven, as it is in the earth, in heaven, they're rejoicing. They're in this service tonight shouting and saying, "Come on, do you come to perfection and bring forth the life of the person of Jesus Christ? We cannot come to be perfect either." But they're crying out, "Come on, keep on pressing. Come on, young people. Don't be floaters and be floating in and out of the world. Take a hold of the reality and drop into that word and let it be anchored into your heart forever and ever. And the more you hear it, the more it becomes real to you to the life of God is brought forth. What is the life that's in the seed? It's the Holy Ghost itself. And we sometime and I know raised in trinitarianism, I thought the the Holy Ghost was a third person in the Godhead. That there was three different people. God the Father, God the Son, God the Holy Ghost. I used to when I went to pray, I was confused. Now, do I pray to God the Father or God the Son or God the Holy Ghost? And then all of a sudden, I heard the prophecy these three are one. That God the Father, the same one was God the Son and the same one is God the Holy Ghost. And that's what confused him so with Jesus Christ. They thought he was just a good rabbi. And they would ask Jesus, even Philip said, "Lord, show us the father and it'll suffice us." And Jesus said to Philillip, "Have I been so long with you and you don't know me?" He was saying he was the father. But see how the the intellectual side tries to take and I don't know come up with some kind of a a puzzle of some kind that will never give you the right true revelation. So if God the father was God and God the son was God, what is the Holy Ghost? Because Mary was overshadowed by the Holy Ghost. Then the Holy Ghost has got to be God immoria in you. The very life of God living in you. If I would say I see the Holy Ghost in this building, you'd say, "Now wait just a minute." You close your eyes, said that's the third person in the godhead. I had a man to tell me one time a minister I'd kind of preached about the life of God being the Holy Ghost in the believer. And the man says, "Well, what am I going to do and say now?" He said, "What am I going to tell the people?" I said, "What's that?" He said, "Well, the cannot be the Holy Ghost itself." I said, "Well, the Holy Ghost is the life of God. It's the same life that you had in the beginning. The Holy Ghost is not 2,000 years old. The Holy Ghost eternal. The Holy Ghost is God itself. And in the beginning when we shouted for joy and we sang together, what was that? The life of God that was in us was the Holy Ghost life itself that represented us in eternity because it was the life of God. And like the prophet said, the Holy Ghost is the very life of God that's given to the believer. And so he said, "Well, no, the Holy Ghost is like uh" I said, "What is the Holy Ghost?" He said, 'Well, I said, is the problem of it is you got a trinitarian mentality with a profession that you believe the message and a trinitarian mentality. He scratched his head on that when he had on a shark suit and he was upset. But it really, you get to thinking about it when you limit God to the third person in the Godhead or something way off somewhere and don't realize it's the very life of God in you, you have limited God in your life. That's why you sit some time with a dis a distant thought is that you thought you had it figured out here. But all of a sudden, God comes in and reveals that the Holy Ghost is God's own life living in you. And if every fiber of your body is filled with that life, then you are the Holy Ghost on the earth manifested, walking around living. And every day, as brother Barrett and I was talking about the other day, every day that you live, the refilling of the Holy Ghost is the power of the word revealed. And when the word goes forth, the Holy Ghost in you is quickened. The Holy Ghost quickening the Holy Ghost and letting you know, not it's my brother, my sister, but it's me, Lord, that you're speaking to. I'm represented in you, Lord, in your word and everything that you do and everything that you speak. Because I am a true son, a born son, a fil son and daughter of God. Amen. Why? Because you are the representatives of God on the face of the earth today. I think it's so hard sometime to believe that we are the body that God chose. But the bride is the body that he chose to manifest himself in. And that body that he chose is not by your choosing. You did not choose me. God said, "I chose you and ordained you that you'd believe, receive, and manifest the reproduction of the very life of the blood cell of God itself." We the blood cell of God, the attribute of God. That's why in us is all the fullness of the Godhead bodily in the bride. Because you take a spoonful of ocean, brother Brandham explained, and you dip that spoonful of ocean, everything is in that ocean. That is ocean. You could say, "I have the ocean." Huh? Come on now. I have the ocean. And somebody say, "You're crazy. As big as the ocean is, you have I do." Every element that's in that ocean is in this spoon that I've got right here. And every element of the Holy Ghost itself is what is living in your life and predestinated to it before the foundation of the world. That is God's own life amorphia living in you, moving his being. So bride, I pray tonight we can realize who we are and realize the reality of God. Proverbs 8:27 said, "When he prepared the heavens, I was there. When he set a compass upon the face of the depth, when he established the clouds above, when he strengthened the fountains of the deep, I was there. When he gave to the sea the decree and the waters should not pass, he command in his commandment. When he appointed the foundation of the earth, then I was by him as one brought up with him. And I speak to you tonight as one who was there. I was there so I can speak to you personally at present tense. I was there. Look at look at uh God speaking to Job. Job, gird up now thy loins like a man. For I demand of thee an answer from thee. Where was thou when I laid the foundation of the earth, declared if thou has understanding? Who hath laid the measures thereof? If thou knowest, or who hath stretched the line upon it? Whereof are the found fountains foundations thereof fastened? Or who laid the cornerstone thereof? When the morning stars sang together and all the sons of God shouted for joy, I was there. You was there. How many believe you was there? Oh, look at that. Amen. No wonder we having such a wonderful time tonight. You was there. I was there. Amen. Or who shut up the seas and the doors when they break forth as if it had issued out the womb. When I made the cloud and the garments thereof, the thickness dry and the darkness and uh you was there as sons and daughters of God. So therefore I don't speak to you as somebody that is uh trying to understand. I speak to you as a eyewitness by experience that I was there before the foundation of the world and I'm here in this time element and the thank God that he chose me for this generation. I mean you say well I'd like to live to Noah's day because he's the same yesterday and forever. But we don't build an ark now. Is he the same yesterday and forever? Yes. But we're not building an ark. Why didn't God make us build another ark? Because you was in a different generation. You went all through the generations God did and he said, "I'm going to make them the generation that's going to bring forth of the person of the characteristic of God itself. That's why we are so happy today. We was born in the general. I could have been born in the Pentecostal age. I could have borne the age of salvation. And they're preaching salvation all over the world, but they're not preaching redemption because he's redeeming you back to what you was in the beginning. And there's a difference there. There's the real reproductive seed of the life of God is they you are represented in the age when he took us all the way back and hooked you into your theophony. And you just remember if I die tomorrow, I'm not dead. I'm in my theophony and I'm shouting with brother Brandham and those men of God that went up before him and those women of God that's on the other side and then I'm going to have receive a glorified body like I had in the beginning. Oh, it's so real. The prophet revealed the mysteries of God as it was revealed through the prophet and all the mysteries of God have been revealed. Amen. But you got to have faith in God. I had a quote. I think that if they could they might put this quote up. But did you get that quote? If you didn't, I'm going to read it. Oh, I think yeah, he's got it now. Now, you know, but you've got to use faith in God to make it work. So, you got your own resurrection inside of you. I mean, you know, you say, "Well, am I going to is there going to be a a cloud sweep over or some kind of a fog that's going to change me?" No. You got your resurrection in you right now. You've got your own resurrection inside of you. Your resurrection lays inside of you in your spirit. What spirit? The Holy Spirit. God's own life lays in you right now. Amen. It lays inside of you. Now, when Jesus died on the cross, his soul descended to hell, and he preached the souls that were in prison that repented not in the longsuffering days of Noah. But his body went to the grave, but before he died, he committed his spirits into the hands of God. Into thy hands I command my spirit. You see, his spirit went to God. His soul went to hell, but his body went to grave. But then on the third day, he came back. Amen. And he went back into the tomb and got his body. And then when he got his body, he went then up into the grave the the the realm of God and uh and picked up his spirit. See, the body, soul, and the spirit and the resurrection took place. And then when he come back to earth, he wasn't glorified yet with that glorified body. But then when he went back to the father was glorified, his body was then he come down and appeared to many. And then he walked through the walls. You mean that's the kind of body I'm going to have? We'll be traveling like a thought. Brother Paul, you won't have to worry about the planes no more. If God tells you to go to Liberia like a thought, you can be there to proclaim I am that I am is on the face of the earth today. Amen. I am that I am is here. I am that I am. Praise God. There's going to be a resurrection as sure as we're looking at each other today. There's going to be a rapture and a resurrection. And I know it's close at hand. It can't be much longer. So therefore, God, may he give us the great faith to be able to unite as one in this great promise of God, the blood cell of God's own life, the blood cell of his body. Amen. Represented in a Genesis 2. I I there's some things here I won't go into, but we know in the Garden of Eden it all is clear. Only two seed lines. I'll tell you when I heard serpent seed, the people turned their nose up at that, you know, but man, I was shouting. I said, "Praise God. I can see who I am and see who the devil is." I was so thrilled and so happy. People said, "Well, I don't know much about the serpent said. You don't know much about it." You need to know something about it and the depth of what it done. It revealed who you was and the seedline you come from. It showed you the seedline of the devil is weak. Amen. It is weak. The devil don't have any power over you. He might have power over the unbeliever, but the man in faith, you can look at the devil and say, "Satan, get behind me." You can look at the devil, it might have your family bound, say, "Satan, you get behind me." And brother Brandham said, "The pastor in the pullpit is commissioned to be over every spirit." And brother Brham said, "I take every spirit in this place under control." And we today have the power in the spirit over Satan. Anything he can produce or anything he can say, we got power over that. So may I just encourage you bride to recognize who you are. And if you ever recognize who you are, you'll never spend a day in depression. You'll never spend a day in question. You'll never spend another day at down in the dumps. But you'll rise to the occasion. Amen. And give him the glory for everything that he is to you. May God bless you. It's been a privilege speaking to you. Amen. We'll be in great prayer for your pastor as he's in Libya and also my son's fixing to go to Nigeria. So, we pray that God gives them a mighty time in the Lord and that they are able to preach eternal life because they are carrying the power to be able to impart eternal life to others. And Brother Brandham said, "We have the power to impart eternal life." The man out on the street there somewhere that God would lay on your heart to speak to. And you'll know if it's God because there'll be a hunger there. You're able to impart eternal life. How do I do that? Because you're able to get him to know really who he is. And if his name's on the Lamb's book of life, the proof of that will be his response. That is your proof that your name was on the Lamb's book of life because something inside of you said, "Amen." The Assembly of God might church might have been fasting and praying that you'd stay in their bondage, but that had nothing to do with me at all. I said, "I know. I've been eagle of God. I'm ready to fly and soar into heavenly places." And I've been soaring ever since then. Amen. I've never needed a chicken meal no more. As far as the chicken barnyard, I mean, I like chicken all right, you know, but still only good chickens to cook chicken. Oh, but there I'm telling you that but real eagle food. You rip off that food. You come to the house of God and when the word of God goes forth, you can't hardly wait for the church house doors to open. You can't hardly wait to hear the word of God read because you are the word manifesting the word in this generation. God bless you. We love and appreciate you. Amen. We pray that God continues to bless you all here. We want you to know we're not in competition with you, but we're in faith with you. We are one in Christ Jesus. May God continue to bless you with the great unveiling of the mighty God. Get deep in the word now. Don't be a floater, but be deep in the word of God. That's where you'll find your promises at. And every promise in the book is mine. Every comma, every period, the whole book is mine. It's a revelation to me and a heart to me. God bless you. Let's b our heads for a moment of prayer. If you'd stand. Father, what a privilege to be with your people today. Amen. It wasn't God above us or God with us in this service. It was God in us. Lord, we thank you for the opportunity to be able to speak to your seed of life, Father. And to be able to claim it, Lord, and to be able to anoint it with faith that we might be able to see who that we are and recognize the hour that we're living in. Father, we're not in the Pentecostal age no more. We're in produced fast that went to through justification, sanctification, baptism of the Holy Ghost. But we're in the very person of the life of reproduction. Lord, reproducing what we was in the beginning that's going to change us from mortality to immortality. Father, we thank you for this people and their precious pastor. Lord, may you continue to bless them. May the windows of heaven be opened at all times. May there be a a safety zone that we can find with all the threats of the atomic bombs and the wars and everything going on, Lord. But we find a safety zone in you. Cuz there's only one place that we're safe, and that's in your anointed presence, Lord. We commit ourselves into that presence. May you help us, Lord, if there be one here tonight that maybe is blinded. Brother Vandom said that the clogs are blocked up. They can't really feel that flow of the genuiness of the Holy Spirit flowing out of them, Lord. They've been blocked up by the world or maybe not knowing who they really are. Especially young people, Lord, that have problems sometime finding what they really are, but not this group, Lord. They have found out that they have an eternal representation. Be with them, I pray, Father, your lovely name. We ask him to be with your precious pastor, Lord, as he travels. May there be a meeting that's already sitting, waiting, Lord. And that the hunger of the people would be there, Lord. Because if there's a hunger and a thirst, they shall be filled. We commit ourselves into your hands in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. Oh my. Praise the Lord. Amen. We enjoy that word. Amen. Let's sing that. Arise and shine. Thy light has come and the glory of the Lord. Risen upon thee. Risen upon thee. Shalom. Shalom. Peace and good morning. Peace and good morning. He is on the throne. [Music] Shalom. Shalom. We are go. Shalom. Shalom. Shalom. Peace and good morning. He's on the throne. Shalom. Shalom. We are almost. Let's take one verse. Shalom. Shalom. Shalom. Peace and good morning. He's on the throne. Shalom. [Music] Shalom. We are [Music] almost Amen. We are almost home. It won't be long. Just any day now, we'll be we'll be out of here. I'm so glad for the word of the Lord that we heard tonight. Did you enjoy that? Amen. Let's give the Lord another hand of praise. Amen. Yes. Oh my. Satan is trying to attack our our bodies, but I uh the Lord has already touched me and I'm healed. I claim I'm just an eagle. up is going to fly up a little bit higher into my healing tonight. Amen. And brother Musgrove opened right in Galatians chapter 3, our scripture that we read this morning. And uh he said, "I'm going to call you bride." I think he took off, but it's in the first seal. I had that in my notes there, paragraph 151. He said, "I'm going to call you bride." Amen. I've been called a lot of things, but I'm so glad to be called the bride. Amen. And so we're not just church members, we're believers in this word of life that changes us. And we look forward to that great resurrection and the rapture of his church portion of the word of God tonight was the breeding of that tonight that we can become in his image, flesh of his flesh, bone of his bone, life of his life. Amen. You enjoy that? Amen. God bless you richly. Amen. We'll sing one more. Let's see. I really want to sing that, but I can't. I don't have the voice for it or the words, but uh let's go to the Lord in prayer. Brother Nathan Bar come and dismiss us in a word of prayer. Sorry. Um yes, come forward. Brother Nathaniel, did you pray already? They didn't have you pray. Okay. So good to have you. God bless you. Amen. How many appreciates the word of the Lord? Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise God. There's no clock in this church. Amen. [Laughter] So, and this uh P the platform here is very very comfortable. So, I was getting with Sister Sharon. I think she here's a clock here. So, uh we we don't we don't uh have an alibi just yet, I guess. Uh, but I was kidding with her. She wanted to make sure that there the platform was too hard. You may be seated just for a second. It was too hard originally and uh they added some cushion on it so the preacher would be comfortable and and uh could have a an extended time. Amen. So, it's good to be here with everyone uh this evening. And I just kind of by surprise found out that Brother Muskov was was preaching. So, we were kind of on our way home from San Carlos this morning and I uh said, "Well, I guess I'm not coming home now." So, I just made a detour. So, I was very happy uh to be here and hear him. How many enjoyed that? Amen. Praise the Lord. And so, don't just be a floater. Amen. Get into the deep things of God, you know, and realize that I'm not just a Christian saved by grace. I'm a son of God that's been redeemed back to where I was supposed to be before the foundation of the world. Amen. And so, we had a wonderful time in San Carlos uh over the weekend. I didn't make Friday night, but I was there last night and this morning. And the Lord gave a little thought last night on uh the voice of the blood in the third exodus. Amen. Knowing that that just as the first Exodus, they came out in that Exodus under a lamb. Amen. Under the shed blood of a lamb. And there they were, the household, every one of them was set in order. And that's that's that's what we have today. Amen. It's not just a loose message, but we're being set in order. we're being positionally placed so we know who who we are, what our position is in Christ. Amen. And so this is not just a general evangelistic message. This is a message of redemption. Amen. And the voice of the blood is speaking resurrection to you. It's speaking redemption to you. And think about that. In the first Exodus, they were they came out under the blood of that lamb. Amen. And so they they were every house eating the lamb. Hallelujah. And we know you are what you eat. Amen. And so they were eating the lamb when the evidence that they were eating the lamb with the blood was on the door. And they came out in that Exodus under that blood. And in this in this hour were coming out under the blood of the lamb slain from before the foundation of the world. Amen. And I just want to give a little just kind of a little illustration. There were several testimonies and one brother said, "I had an awakening last night." Amen. So that's what it's all about. Amen. and being awakened to our position being being again just climbing a little higher each and every service each and every day moving higher and higher faster and faster. The next thing you know we're traveling like a thud. Amen. And so just speaking uh just to kind of uh reiterate what brother Musco was saying. I won't be very much longer but I like what he said. There's this two spirits. Amen. There's the Holy Ghost and the unholy ghost. Amen. Which one are which one are you tonight? Amen. So, uh, my wife gave me a little something that she had read and I was going to read it last night, but I I, uh, I forgot about it, but how many has heard of Thomas Edison? Amen. So, you know, in the natural, he did all all kinds of things. He was, you know, ate from the tree of life and was very successful, but I don't know if this is true or not, but I thought it was very prevalent, you know, to to uh, whose report are you going to believe? And so when he was a young man, the story goes that he came home from school, the teacher gave him a letter and it said, "Don't show this to anybody but your mother." And uh as the mother opened it up, she would she began reading it and would just began crying and crying. And young Thomas Edison said, "Mommy, mommy, what does it say?" And the mother, you know, she said, "Honey, the teacher says that you are a genius and we don't have the ability to teach you." And so to go home and have your mother teach you. And so there of course you know Thomas Edison grew up he became the famous inventor and so on and so forth all these accomplishments. And there when he was getting older in age uh he happened to be going through some of his old old things you know reminiscing and he came across an old keepsake from his mother. And there in the corner was an old crumpled up letter. And he happened to open it up and for the first time in his life, he read that original letter. And to his surprise, it actually said, "Miss Edison, your son is is incapable of learning. He's he's practically handicapped. He's deaf. There's there's nothing that we can do for him. Just uh, you know, teach him yourself because we can't do anything for him." Amen. And so, who whose report are you going to believe tonight? Amen. Are you going to believe what the blood says about you? what the present tense word of God is speaking to you or are you going to believe what's out what's out here in this world? Amen. So, let's rise up in faith. Let's go from here rejoicing with a with a new freshness of the Holy Ghost in our life with a a rekindling of the unity of the faith and move forward. Amen. Marching with arms together as one body in Christ Jesus. Is that is that your desire? Amen. So, let's bow our heads for a word of prayer. Our heavenly father, Lord, we're so thankful for your mercy, oh God. Thank you, Father, that you've called us to this great glorious hour, Lord, knowing that there's nothing that we can say or do, Father, but it's your grace, Lord, through and through, Father. And Lord, may we go from here, Father, a new people, Lord, with a renewed faith, Father, an awakening of to the reality of what you have called us to, Lord. And continue to climb up, Father, higher, higher and higher, Lord, into the depths of God. And Lord, may you continue to pull us, Lord, as your little lambs pull us into your bosom, Father. Give us strength, Lord. May we find that specific portion of the word, Lord, that would bring to us such a reality, Lord, of who we are in you and who you have made us, Father. That we can be unshakable in our faith. That we can be unmovable, Father. Lord, in this hour, Lord. Father, at this beloved church, Lord, we pray you'll continue to bless them, Lord. Bless all the officers, all the uh everything that's coming or going, Lord. May they continue, Lord. May you visit them in the night season, Lord, with fresh revelations of the Holy Ghost, Lord, outpourings of your word as never before, Father. Lord, as brother Israel is to be going overseas, Father, may you strengthen him. May the pillar of fire go before him. May you heal his body, Father. And Lord, may you prepare the hearts of the people, Lord. May he impart eternal life to them, Lord. Father, we thank you for all things. We commit the service into your hands. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen and amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Bless you. Amen. God bless you richly. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise and stand. And I'm pressing on the upward way. New heights I'm gaining every day. I'm pressing on the upward way. Oh, new heights I'm gaining each and every day. praying as I'm overbound. Lord, plant my feet on higher. Lift me up, Lord. Lift me up. Lift me up and let me stand. Oh, by faith or [Applause] heaven and stable land, a higher place. That's what I were to go. I have found. Lord, flat my feet on high. One more time with all your heart. Lord, lift me up. Lord, lift me up. Lift me up. Let me stand table land a higher plan that I have found. Lord, flat my feet on high with all your heart. I have no desire. I have no desire to stand. Where doubts arise and fears despair. The sun may dwell where these abound. My prayer, my aim is high. Your ground. Lift me up. Lift me up. Lift me up. Let me stand [Music] fer higher pl I have found. Lord plant my feet. Shake somebody's hand and greet them in Christian love and greeting. Lord, lift me up. Tell them, "God bless you, my brother. God bless you, my sister. My faith on heaven table land. It's a higher place I have [Music] found. Lord, that turn Now your eyes [Music] and Lord lift me up. Lift me up. Let me [Music] stand heaven. Table land. A higher plan. Higher plan. Higher power. Our plan. My feet on high. God bless you. Lord be with you. Are you glad? [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
