################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-13 - Sunday Morning 04-13-25 - Israel Powe.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-13
Title:   Sunday Morning 04-13-25
Speaker: Israel Powe
Church:  Shalom Tabernacle Tucson
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQ_qDYgY6iI
========================================

Good morning everyone. Can we all stand and we'll open up in a word of prayer. I was glad when they said unto me, let's go into the house of the Lord. Good to see everybody. Heavenly Father, we're grateful to be here this morning. Father, Lord, you've made us overcomers and you said, Lord, we'd be granted to eat of the hidden manner because of that, Father. So this morning, we're going to partake of that. We're going to hear that, Father. And we pray, Lord, that your blessing would just be upon every life to draw us closer to you, Father. Lord, to bring us into remembrance of the things that you have spoken. Bless the children in their class this morning. And Lord, everything that would be said and done. We're so grateful, Father, that you have given us this place, Lord, and the labor and the gifts and the Father, everybody, Father, that has blessed us. So, and Lord, we're just asking, Father, that you be here in the presence of thy holy spirit in a great way today. You'd answer prayer, Father, save, heal, and deliver, Lord, as needed. And we'll give you all the praise in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. We're going to be continuing with the Pergamian church age found in Revelation chapter 22 to verse 17. And we'll start at paragraph 237 and we'll end after 281. Can we sing only believe? Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. You may be seated, brother Brandham. All right. Let's go just a little bit farther now. All right. All right. He said now that these was the doctrines of Balum. Now what did Balam do when he found out that he couldn't uh that he couldn't curse Israel? He told Baleo it would be a good idea then for him to invite these people to the festival of the god. They had a they had a a great uh festival up there they were where they were going to have and they um uh the uh festival was called the feast of Ba P E O R Bora I suppose Pora Bora it was a a feast to uh worship and Balam said now I'll tell you Bailo I'll give you a good idea if you'll Yes, you if you God won't curse them. That's all there is to it. So, I'll tell you what we'll do. We can't get rid of them, but if you'll just invite them over, you'll swing the whole thing your way. See, exactly exactly what Constantine did, perfectly. That's really the doctrine of Balum. What did they do? They then bail's teaching come down amongst Israel and they invited all the Israelites up to this big feast, the big blowout they had. Oh, some big party shindig of a thing up there. They had and when they got up there while these Israelite people begin to see these pretty sexy dressed Moanite women. Yes. Wasn't like their common girls down there. Amen. Oh, they look so pretty. my how they were made and oh how they could show themselves and they fell for it and begin to commit adultery. And Balam knowed if God wouldn't curse him, he'd take him over on this denominational side and cause the angry God to kill him anyhow. Let God kill him this ever get him out of the way of the truth. And as soon as you walk out and join our church instead of receiving the baptism of the Holy Ghost, you're dead. Not for you, but on here. I'm let that soak a little while. Dead. You have a name. Said to Luther, you're the Sardis age. The word Sardis means dead. You have a name that you're alive, but you're dead. That's what God said. Yes. See, and when they commit a spiritual fornications up there, the church married from the baptism of the Holy Ghost to a denomination, they become dead. There you are. That's what the Bible said. That's what God said speaking to the churches. Now, I'll just read something here to you that uh and God, what did he do? And now when they did this evil thing and they were in adultery, God killed 42,000 of them at one time. 42,000 for committing adultery. And what is it spoke of here in the church? The spiritual adultery. Amen. That you profess to be a Christian and still living like the world. Amen. Oh, help us, Lord. Oh, brother, receive ye the Holy Ghost. Get away from these old creeds and things. They're dead. Recite the Apostles Creed or some kind of a creed and say a few prayers, wrote out of a prayer book or something like that. Jesus never tell his people to say a prayer. He said, "Pray." Amen. Hallelujah. Pray. All right. Now, Constantine's feast, just like Balum, now watch like Balam's pagan feast, Constantine had a pagan feast. All right, Pergamus was in vine. And um notice now this I got something wrote down here. I'm going to leave it alone right now. All right. And I just trying to catch this note here of the something I put. Pergamus was invited. All right. They was invited to a feast after the nine council. They was invited to the feast of winter solstice which means the sun worship of the sun which was a pagan god which fell on December the 21st the shortest day in the year and the years the same time doesn't change till December the 25th all heathens celebrated it the son god's birthday. The son, God's birthday, was the shortest day in the year, December the 21st. And anyone that ever read the history of the churches know that heathens worshiped on that day. It was a celebration. Well, the Romans had they had the big gains, the Roman circus. How many seen this here? Whatever it was here, not long ago, they had been here. See, now the Roman circus, that's what the Romans had on that Sunday in commemoration of the birthday of the son god. See, and now and they made a big feast up there and invited the nickelians to come up. Oh, isn't it perfect? Amen. The teaching of Balum that you have in you. telling Pergus what they had the big races there they thought that these Nickeladians thought well that's fine this big feast is celebrating amulet yes so then with the invitation to the this the so-called archbishop or whatever he was then and everything they've taken to make it a continual thing to bring in fornications bring in adul adultery forming up uh the Catholic Church which is every Protestant denomination a member of it organization. God has no organization and hates the very name of it. The Bible said so. Praise the Lord. And when they did that, what happened? They they said now they had to have a spiritual application. So they changed the Lord Jesus s o n of God's birthday from April which all good scholars know in anybody with spiritual revelations that he was born in nature time like when lambs and everything else is born in April way back up to the 25th day of December and still worship Christmas. Not Santa Claus and what still more pagan festivals added to it. That's us all. There you are. Invited Balum. You have the doctrine of Balum among you. There it is. Oh, God. Just reveal it. Father, see the birthday from April until now. The historian says that all evidence that Jesus was born in the month of April when all other life comes forth, but they changed it back to the 25th day of December, 5 days after, see after the pagan god so they could put their ceremonies together. Paganism and Christianity and Catholicism is nothing in the world but a bunch of pagan superstitions and Christianity's offcavs put together. Amen. That's right. That is true. The Protestants that knucked it is just exactly the daughter of the mother prostitute. Exactly. Now God, help us to be real protesters against anything that's not God. Oh, and to make the spiritual application with it. Do you know what the bishop said? The bishop said, "We have a right to do this because he is the son of righteousness." H oh they get a loophole like that old father son holy ghost Matthew 28:19 same kind sure they got a loophole they have to have some kind of a spiritual application you see but it don't the Bible said in the mouth of two or three witnesses let every word be established God said it that he says it three times if God take up the vericate something else he tucked Peter James and John everything he done he had two to three witnesses to prove everything he done all the way through the scripture That's right. But you see those little things has to come there so they can pick it up to be that God in order before the foundation of the world. There they got it. The spiritual application because he is a so n of God. We'll just take the pagan su n's birthday and make it s o n's birthday because he is a son of righteousness. You know, Protestants still fall for that. Something like that. Sure they would take it right away to the scripture and it somewhere else. Oh. Uh, let's just stop for a minute. All right. Here's one little thing I'd like to get. Let's get the last of this verse here right quick. Can we do it? Amen. Yeah. Well, I'll hurry real real quick now and we'll hit the highlights of it. All right. Where are we at now? But a few things I have against you, Balum. That's right. I got that. So has uh also the doctrine of Nickel. Repent else I come quickly and fight against thee with the sword of my mouth. He that has an ear, let him hear what the spirit saith unto the churches. My here when Constantine did this, it was when they fixed up this great festival. I I just I started to move. Wait, man. I'm going to wait for read that because the Holy Spirit keeps moving back. That's the reason I did what I did then. So, don't you hold that back. Amen. Here it comes. Amen. Amen. Come on. All right. Praise the Lord. The reason when they fixed up this big thing, I won't tell you what happened so that you'll understand. That was the birth of postmillenniums because the church had gotten rich. It was rich as it could be and it was what? Powerful. It was over the state. State and church was together. Ah God with a kingdom. And didn't Jesus say that every one of these nations was his? Amen. told Jesus so showed him the kingdoms of the world and said they're ever one mine and I do with them anything I want to and then unite God and the devil together. Oh, you can't do it. Amen. Certainly you can't reason the state is organized. God's not this organization. Praise the Lord. Certainly not. You can't do it. But they had it then. They had their church called Christianity. They had it united with the nation. the whole emperor of Rome, all of it, the big bishop up there over all of it, which is for after a while called a pope, but he was a he was a bishop then and um Bonaface III was the one who become the first pope. Then we find out that here he's set up there as really a pope over a god they had in human form. They had a great altar. They had fine riches. They had great powerful marvel altars and deck with gems and so forth all over it. And they had big churches. They controlled the state. And you know what? The word went out at that was the millennium that all the promises to them poor Jews that God had forsaken him, which he said he could never do it. Amen. And tried to bring in the millennium before the coming of the Lord Jesus. Amen. When Jesus comes, when the millennium sets in, that's a birthplace of postmillennium. And that's reason. The Catholic doesn't teach the coming of Jesus to this day. It's all in the church. This is millennium. The church owns everything. This is it. See, postm millennium. Oh my. Without the return of Jesus Christ. This lasted into the assassination of Constantine which come uh between 312 and and uh AD 312 and 606. Then Bonafice III was made the universal bishop or pope over the whole universal church. I believe we finish this verse and I'll have it. Praise God. And I just help just for a minute. 17th verse. He that has an ear, let him hear what the spirit says. to the churches. To him that overcomemeth will I give to eat the hidden mana, and will give him a white stone, and in the stone a new name written which no man knoweth, save he that receiveth. Would you rather wait till tomorrow night or have it now? Heavenly Father, I pray that you'll let the people understand now in the name of the Lord Jesus that they might understand everywhere and where the tapes go that they might know that I I say this because it is the divine interpretation thou has given. Amen. He that overcomemeth. The first thing I want you to remember that each one of these messages is addressed not to the church but to the angel of the church. Look back here. The first one the church of unto the church to the unto the angel of the church of Ephesus. That right? All right. The next church age the eth verse. unto the angel of the church of Simia. All right. And the 12th verse, unto the angel of the church of Pergamus. Is that right? The message is addressed to the leader of the church. Amen. God helped that guy that'll pull away from that message. Amen. But it was given to an angel and the angel was in his hand under his own control giving thriving power from him from his right hand. Amen. They're his right hand that is there in supreme power while they're here on the earth because they are the lights from him giving the light to that church. Amen. Amen. Amen. unto the angel of the church addressed to the star of the age that is responsible. The angel of the church is responsible. Amen. If he doesn't preach the word, right? And that angel will have to answer in the judgment. How many remembers the vision here not long ago uh about look here when it was when I was laying there on the bed and the Holy Spirit come and I looked back my wife there and there I was laying there and went up into the presence there and I seen all those people you remember me telling that all of you do see and I said well are they he said they are yours and I said all them Brandhams he said no there was millions of them he said that's your converts And I said converts to that woman that she was admiring so there young and beautiful said she was past 90 when you led her to Christ and I said oh I said then I was afraid of this and he said we are waiting here for the coming of the Lord. I said I want to see him. He said you can't see him now but saidon he will come. We're waiting for him. But when he comes, he will come to you first and you'll be judged according to the gospel you preach and we will be your subjects. Well, I said, "You mean I'm responsible for all these?" All of us. I said, "Well, will ever one?" He said, "You were born a leader." And I said, "Well, will everyone be responsible?" He said, "Ever?" I said, 'What about St. Paul? Said he'll be responsible for his age. Well, I said, 'I preached the same gospel he did and millions of voices raised said we are resting upon that. Amen. Resting. So the angel of God, the messenger to the church is responsible if he preaches not the word. All right, hidden man. Let's give the interpretation the best we can. What does hidden mana type? Hidden mana was a mana that was kept in the place or a showbread in the Bible that was only for the priest. How many know that? See, now it wasn't for they had a bread for the congregation, but there was a special bread for the priest. Is that right? This is a special bread. A special bread hidden mana. What is it? Who is our mana? Christ. All right. St. John the 6th chapter 48 to the 50th verse. If you're putting it down, Jesus said he was the bread of life that come from God out of heaven. The mana. Well, what is the hidden mana? The mana that isn't given to all of the congregation. The revelation is poured out upon the angel of the church. The revelation of the word see revelation of the word is given to the angel of that age for it's hid from everywhere and revealed back the hidden mana to it's addressed to the angel of the church. See you get it. It's a little bigger revelation of what Christ is. Maybe a little higher call. Wonder if Luther recognized that. Wonder if Wesley did in his day. Oh, wonder if St. uh uh Martin recognized it. Ireneius, now you know the church didn't even canonite those men. They wasn't saints to them, but they was the one who had the signs following. They took their their own bishops and so forth for Canaanite. Well, here not long ago, a woman went to get the life of St. Martin at a English bookstore and when she said St. Martin and the person took the rack out said he isn't known very much in history. He wasn't canonized. See, till yet this day, but God has his name. Amen. God knows who he is. See, that's the difference. Somebody wants their name in some big something, but God's people want to shun that kind of stuff. They don't want great big things and great big something. They want to be humble. The humility, the way the way up is down. He that humbles himself shall be exalted. He that exalts himself shall be a base. Humble himself. Don't try to be a big something. Try to be a little something. But be what you are. See, be little in the sight of God. Be little in your own sight. Everybody else is above you. Let him the greatest among you. Be minister to all. [Music] Thank you. [Music] Thank you. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Sing that with me. We are standing on holy ground. And I know there are angels all around. It's worthy of our praise this morning. Let us praise Jesus. [Music] Now we are standing in his presence on holy. Let's stand together this morning. Good to be together again. Amen. And you get to sing extra loud and don't listen to the song leader this morning if you would. So just got a little bit of a my voice took a day off. So God is good here to make a joyful noise. He inhabits the praises of his people. Let's make him welcome this morning. We have the promise where two or three are gathered in his name. He's there in the midst of us. And whether that's you in the way of church, whether it's while we're here, he's in our conversation. He's in our worship this morning. Let's just make him our guest of honor if we could today. Amen. So good to see the dingwalls back with us. Told brother Israel maybe somebody could disconnect the battery or something to just so they could take a while to figure out how to how to get out of here. But sure good to see you guys again. The smiling faces. Amen. Brother Bobby, would you come this morning and just open our service with a word of prayer. [Music] Let's bow our heads. Lord, as brother John just said, Lord, we want you to be the guest of honor today and just speak to each one, Father. Just uh speak to each heart. We pray, Lord Jesus. And just so thankful to be gathered here in your name, Lord, in this day and under the light that we have, Father. So thankful to have ears to hear, Father. Just love you so much, Lord. And just just be with each one, Lord, that couldn't be here, Lord. The ones that are here, the ones that are streaming, however they're connected, Lord, just just be with each one. Father, I ask and bless the song leader, the musicians. Lord, the one singing, just each one that has a part in this service, the deacons, the trustees, each one, Father, just our pastor, the family, and just Lord, we just think of Easter week that we're coming up on here and the sacrifice you made. Lord, the stripes you took upon your back for my healing, Lord. The blood you shed to save us, Father. You didn't have to come and die in such a horrible way, Father. But you chose to to redeem us, Lord. So thankful this morning, Lord. And so thankful for that power in the blood, the power in your name, Lord, that we can call on. We can put needs before you, Lord, and just come what may, Lord. We can just trust in you and rest in you, Father. Yes. Once again, Lord, just walk the aisles, Lord, and speak to each heart. I pray just ask these things now in Jesus name. [Music] Amen. Every day with Jesus is sweeter than the day before. Every day with Jesus I love you more and more. Jesus saves and keeps me. He's the one I'm waiting for. Every day with Jesus is sweeter than the day before. Sing it one more time. Yes. Every day with Jesus is sweeter than the day before. Every day with Jesus, I love him more and more. Jesus saves and keeps me. He's the one I'm waiting for. Every day with Jesus is sweeter than the day before. Amen. You can be seated. Listen. Take it down. Does it put us in D E flat? Let's go to E flat. All right. He is my everything. He is my all. He is my everything. Both great and small. He gave his life. He gave his life for me. made everything new. He is my everything. Now, how about you? Let's sing that chorus again. Yes, he is my [Music] everything. He is my [Music] all. He is my everything. both great and small. He gave his life for me. Made everything [Music] new. He is my [Music] everything. Now how about you? [Music] Wherever I go, I'll praise him whenever I can. I'll praise him for his love surrounds me like a sing. I will praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the name of Jesus. For the name of Jesus lifted me. One more time. Wherever I go, I'll praise him whenever I can. I'll praise him for his love surrounds me like a sea. All praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the name of Jesus. For the name of Jesus lifted me. Well, I'm a new creation. Well, I'm a brand new man. Old things are passed away. I've been born again more than a conqueror. Oh, that's what I am. Well, I'm a new creation. I'm a brand new man. Just sing that one more time. I'm a new creation. I'm a brand new man. Old things are passed away. I've been born again. More than a coner. That's who I am. I'm a new creation. I'm a brand new man now. If you're in the battle for the Lord and right, oh, just keep on the firing line. And if you win, my brother, then you must fight. Just keep on the firing line. There are many dangers that we all must face. If we die of fighting, it is no disgrace. A coward in the service. Find no place. Oh, keep on the fiery land. Oh, you must fight. Be brave against all evil. Ever run or even lag behind if you would win for God and the right. Keep on the fiery line and God will only use the soldier he can trust. So keep on the fiery line. If you wear a crown then bear the cross. You must keep on the firing line. And life is but to labor for the master dear. Help to banish evil and to spread good cheer. Service here. Oh, keep on the fire line. Oh, you must fight. Be brave against all evil. Never run or even lack behind if you would win for God and the right. Keep on the fiery line. Oh, and when we get to heaven, brother, we'll be glad. Keep on the firing line. And how we'll praise the Savior for the call we have. Oh, keep on the fire line. And when we see the soul that we have helped to win, leading them to Jesus from the paths of sin. With a shout of welcome, we'll all march in. Oh, keep on the fire and light. Oh, you must fight. Be brave against all evil. Never even lack behind if you would win for God and the righteous. Keep on the fire in line. Sing the chorus one more time. Oh, you must fight. Be brave against all evil. Never run or even lag behind if you would win for God and the right. Keep on the fire line. Oh, talk about happy. Oh, I'm so happy. Oh, since I laid my burdens down. Oh, talk about happy. Oh, I'm so happy. Since I laid my burdens down, I feel like shouting. I feel like shouting hallelujah. Oh, since I laid my burdens down, I feel like shouting hallelujah. Oh, since I lay my burden, I'm going to walk the streets of glory. I'm going to walk those streets of glory. Since I lay my burdens down, going to walk the streets of glory since I laid. And I'm feeling so much better. I am feeling so much better. Oh, since I laid my burden down. Oh, yes. I'm feeling so much better since I laid my burdens down. Oh, glory, glory, glory, hallelujah. For since I lay my burden down, glory, glory, hallelujah, since I laid my burden down. Talk about happy, oh, talk about happy. Oh, I am so happy. Oh, since I laid my burden down. Oh, talk about happy. I'm so happy since I laid my burdens down. Oh, hallelujah. What a thought. Jesus full salvation wrought. Victory. Yes, victory. Let the ps of sin sail heaven. Oh, victory. Yes, victory. Oh victory. Yes, victory. Oh hallelujah. I am free. Jesus gives me victory. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. He is all in all to me. Victory. Yes. Victory. Oh Jesus gives me victory, glory, glory, hallelujah. He is all in all to me. Now I am trusting in the Lord. I am standing on his word. Victory, victory. I have peace and joy within. I have peace and joy within since my life is free from sin. Victory, victory. Oh, victory. Yes, victory. Hallelujah. I am free. Jesus gives me victory. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. He is all. Listen to the words of this verse now. Just shout your freedom everywhere. His eternal peace. Declare victory. Victory. Let's sing it here below. Let us sing it here below. In the face of every foe. Victory. Yes. Victory. Oh, victory. Yes, victory. Oh, hallelujah. I am free. Jesus gives me victory. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. He is all in all to [Music] me. Amen. I gave them a different song in the back. I apologize for that. Let's sing the one I gave you before we have the brothers come up for the prayer request. Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. I told Satan just get thee behind. All for victory today is mine. Healing is mine. Healing is mine. Understand? Healing is mine. Oh, healing today is mine. I told Satan just get thee behind. He today is mine. Well, when I woke this morning, I didn't have a doubt. And I knew that the Lord would bring me out. So I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me please." And I got up singing and shouting, "The victory." Brother Joe, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. I told saints to get thee behind. Victory today is mine. God bless you, saints. It's something about getting down on your knees and claiming the victory. Sure. So good to be at church this morning. Welcome to our visitors. We tried to melt Brother Kim yesterday, but it's good to see him. Our sisters in the back. So, God bless you. In the way of announcements, there will be choir practice this afternoon. So, if you'd like to be involved in that or have questions, please see Brother Levi. We'll be taking an offering after the in the end of this service this morning for Liberia Church. So, uh consider that. The way of prayer requests, we sure want to thank the Lord for helping our precious sister Lori. He's basically raised our sister from the dead [Music] and amen. Just love the Lord and her precious sister and we've known her so long and and it really hits home. It hurts you and she's in a different state seeing her family in there and and passed out on the side of the road. They took her in and it was just touch and go there for a moment. But our precious Lord raised her up. Believe we'll see her real soon. So, let's give the Lord a hand, clap, and praise. It is good. They said she's doing much better and we still got to pray for her kidneys and her breathing. They did take out the breathing tube, so we we know she's on her way home. It'll be some time, but uh we just continue to hold her up for a complete recovery this morning. Understand Bethany is back McFaten, but Edward is driving uh the U-Haul and things home. So, pray for a safe trip. Pray for our brother Edward McFaten to get home here safely. Certainly always want to hold up the pastor. Let's pray for brother Israel this morning that he'd speak the words of life. I know if you come expecting to hear from heaven, you will. We have a mighty creator that can meet all needs. And so, we hold those before him. And certainly this trip to Liberia starting tomorrow, a long lengthy trip just to get over there. So pray for our brother. He'll be rested, get on a different time zone very easily. I know he'll be a blessing. So pray for our pastor. Is there something else that should be mentioned this morning? Um I know there's a need on your heart, a desire, maybe a family member, a financial, physical touch that you need. Let's just bring that before the Lord this morning that he he sees those needs and we go to him in faith believing Lord God we're such a blessed people this morning and hard to convey all the love the things that you've done for us Lord in the past just this week and that you're doing for us right now Lord to increase our faith and put us on the straight and narrow where we need to be purged and need help Lord and direction. We claim that this morning we come to hear from heaven and we know that we will. We're so thankful for it today, oh God. And we're so thankful for the touch that you've helped our sister Lori, Lord, with her heart condition and these things the devil has tried to hurt and harm her, but you've blessed her this morning, Lord. And you've blessed us, and we're so thankful for it. We pray you just see her through, Brother Randy, and the the church, the the family and the church there that is helping her. We're thankful for that. and and we pray for her and their the just a complete we're believing for a complete recovery for our sister, for her kidneys, Lord, to work 100%. We pray that today and we claim that for our sister and for her breathing. They've taken this tube out and now she can do it on her own with your help, oh God. So pray for sister Lorie Snow this morning and for brother Edward McFaten on his way home. Would you give him safety, Lord? that it's tiring at times to to take these long trips. And so we pray that you give him strength and in the awareness and the help that he needs. And and for brother Israel, Lord, we're thankful for him. We're thankful for his family. Sister Sharon, Sister Cararissa, Levi, Aaliyah. Lord, we know you've called each one of them. We're thankful for them. And as he goes on this trip, Lord, to Liberia, you've called him over there and he's answered the call, Lord. And so we pray that you'd touch him through the trip over there. And then while he's there, Lord, make him a blessing. Heal the brokenhearted, Lord. Raise those from the dead that need that and the the dead spiritually, Lord. We pray that you'd bring them to newness of life in Christ Jesus. We're so thankful, Lord, for it. And we'll collect tithes and offerings at this moment and then at the end of service for specifically for the Liberia church, Lord, and for this trip. And we're thankful to do that this morning as cheerful givers unto thee. We love you and thank you. Precious name of our Lord and Savior, the Lord Jesus Christ. All God's people say, "Amen." Amen. Maybe we could sing that chorus. There's nothing that my God can't do. [Music] There is nothing. There's nothing. There is nothing my God can do. and wonders. There is nothing, no nothing that my God can do. Sing it one more time before you're seated. There's nothing There's nothing There's nothing that my God can do. [Music] mirles and wonderers there's nothing no nothing that my God Amen you can be seated if you'd like and we have some to [Music] Someone to share all our troubles like no other can do. You'll come down from the sky, brush the tears from your eyes. You're his child and he cares for you. Thankful for that this morning. We've someone to care. There's someone to share all our troubles like no other can do. He'll come down from the sky, crush the tears from your eyes. You're his child, and he cares for you. My soul in sad exile was out on life scene so burdened with sin and distress. Then I heard a sweet voice. Then I heard a sweet voice saying, "Make me your [Music] choice." Then I enter that haven of rest. [Music] Oh, I've anchored my soul in the haven of rest. I will sail the wild seas no more. And the tempest may sweep or the wild stormy day. But in Jesus I am safe ever more. Then I yielded myself to his tender embrace and faith. Taking hold of the word. My feathers fell off and I anchored my soul. The haven of resting, my Lord. I have anored my soul in the haven of rest. I will sing the wild seas no more. The tempest may sweep for the while, but in Jesus I am safe ever more. [Music] Song of my soul. Since the Lord made me whole has made the old story so blessed of Jesus of Jesus who will save whosoever will have a home in A haven of rest. Oh, I have an soul in the haven of rest. I will send white seas no more. And the tempest may sweet or the wild stormy day. But in Jesus I'm saved ever more. Let's sing that one. How precious the thought and how precious the thought that we all may recline like John the beloved and blessed on Jesus strong arm where No tempest can harm secure in the haven of rest. Oh, I have anored my soul in the g of rest. I will say the white seas no more. The tempest may swing or the wild stormy day. In Jesus I'm safe ever more. Just continue to worship. Sing it one more time. Yes, I've anchored my soul in the haven of rest. I will sail the wild seas no more. Oh, the tempest may sweet or the wild stormy day. In Jesus I'm safe. Just continue to worship him as the musicians plays or pastor comes this morning. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Amen. Let's bow our heads for a word of prayer. Dear Lord Jesus, we come gathered here in your name this morning. Father, asking for your presence to come now and speak to our hearts, Lord. We give you the praise for the opportunity to come into your presence. We don't deserve it, Lord, but we certainly need it more than ever before, Lord. We need you every moment, every hour of the day, Lord. Just asking you to pour out your Holy Spirit upon us, oh God. And bless each heart that's gathered and made the effort to sacrifice to be here, Lord. May they receive their portion. Bless the saints in Mesa this morning. Those that are on the stream and those that would like to be here, oh God, remember them. And each one may receive their portion today as our prayer in Jesus name. Amen. Can I get a little more volume, please? Thank you. So happy to be in house of the Lord with you all today. Amen. We count it a privilege to be here with you and we trust that each one will receive their their portion. Amen. We have a number a couple of visitors with us. Two young ladies in the back. Why don't you two sisters stand? I know you love that. So God bless you. These are the girls, uh, Levi or Kesa and Aaliyah and our family's friends. And I would introduce their names, but I forgot their names. But Christa and Anna. Okay. You know, they talk clearly at home, but they get in here and whisper like Christa and Anna. We're so happy to have them. I think one's from New York, a pastor there, Brother Monday Royce Church. I know him very well from um from the islands there. And then our sister Anna, her I think they're in Colorado, Idaho. Idaho. Idaho. All right. And so God bless them and God bless each of you. Amen. Are there any other visitors here today? Who? Brother No, no, no. That's that's home folks right there. So, we're so happy to have brother Kim and and his dear wife, Sister Hedi, and we would have them, Sister Hedi, come up and speak, but she probably wouldn't like that. I'm just teasing a little bit. So, so happy to have each of you. Brother Kim is here with us and always a big help. I sent him a voicemail here a week or so ago. He didn't answer and I said, "Hello, can Kim come out to play?" And so we wanted to get him back out here. So he's here and we certainly appreciate him. We appreciate each of you. Amen. So let's go right into the word of the Lord. Uh just a quick announcement tonight. Brother David Musgrove from Charity Tabernacle will be ministering for us here at the church. That'll be his first time preaching for us. Very good friend of ours over the years, an elder in the message here. and um he greeted us and was so glad to uh congratulate us on our church and we spoke a little bit over the years. We've always stayed in contact and I've spoken for him a number of times but this will be the first time he'll be over here with us. So the Lord willing we will have him tonight. Amen. So we look forward to that. So let's take our Bibles and turn in the scripture two places in the New Testament. Ephesians chapter 5 and Galatians. Thank you. Oh, please. Thank you. All right. Thank you. All right. Perfect. Thank you, brother. Ephesians chapter 5 and then Galatians chapter 3. Uh, so when you all move your seats, I don't see you for a little while. So I think we normally have, you know, people where they sit. They usually sit the same place. And um, some of you have moved your seat, but we will find you after a while. The Lord willing, God bless you. Ephesians chapter 5 verse let's take um just one scripture I believe that I want there verse number 30 for we are members of his body of his flesh and of his bones it's talking about marriage talking about husbands loving their wives and wives their love and submitting to their husbands as Christ did to the church. But then verse 30 says, "For we are members of his body, of his flesh, and of his bones." If we uh Galatians chapter 3, take one more scripture there and verse number 13. Christ hath redeemed us from the curse of the law, being made a curse for us. For it is written, Cursed is everyone that hangeth on a tree, that the blessing of Abraham might come on the Gentiles through Jesus Christ, that we might receive the promise of the Spirit through faith. Brethren, I speak after the manner of men, though it be but a man's covenant, yet if it be confirmed, no man disolith or addeth thereto. Now to Abraham and his seed where the promise is made, he saith not and to seeds as of many, but as of one and to thy seed which is Christ. Amen. Um by God's grace, we want to take our title um a super race. A super race. And this is still in line kind of coming through what we were talking about with Israel and their great journey. How the L Lord has purged us and cleansed us. I think last week Sunday we spoke on our sins have been purged and we've talked about how you know the Lord purges. He takes this away and negativity out of our life and all those things. But it's so nice to have your sins taken away from you and not just to be forgiven to be justified. How many remember that? To be justified. To be declared righteous. Amen. And so that's our title this morning, a super race. May God bless you. You may be seated. Thank you. as I was going through um continuing and fellowshipping on the things that I've been talking about this great purge and how sometimes you need to lose something in order to gain something greater. And sometimes cutting things away or losing something or something taken from you or something's missing from you, it always seems negative, but it's actually many times that's what you need. That's what we all need. We need those times in our life. And there's seasons, right? There's seasons where we gather things. We're accumulating. We're getting fat. We're getting rich. We're acquiring. And then there's seasons where we got to let some things go. Just let that go and let this one go and move and let that job go and let that go. And you you have to have you really need the grace of God during those junctions of your life because men, they like to cabbage down and they like a little comfort zone and they like the temperature just right and they want all their friends just right. They want to be able to trust everybody that's in their circle. They don't want nobody, you know, they want everything just right. And we kind of build that and we create that safe space. We don't hang out with people that's going to violate us. Put it that way. We create these safe spaces, but the Lord moves you sometimes into places that are uncomfortable. And the eagles have to go through this and the little bitty birdies have to go through this. They come out of that egg shell. They It's a big trauma. There's a new world and they're squeaking and crying and mama's bringing them food and it's get and their feathers are coming in and they start to mature and they start feeling pretty good in that nest. But there's a junction coming for them that those little bitty birdies have to leave from there. And that's that's not comfortable, but it's necessary. And we all need those. We all have those times in our life. And Israel, we see that is expressed through their life and how God has used them and used them for our example. I like this thought of being justified as brother Brandham brought it to us. He takes Romans chapter 5:E1 and um therefore being justified by faith and he takes that word justified and he goes deeper with it, doesn't he? He goes into the message invisible union of the bride and he says the bride is not only forgiven, she's justified. So for example, he says, say you heard I did something wrong and then you come to come come to find out that I actually didn't do it and then you come, you say, "Brother Vandom, I forgive you." He's like, "Forgive me? I was never even guilty." And that's a hard thing for our mind to receive when actually we have photos and evidence that you were guilty. There's some people on the streets, they know you was guilty. There's your past that will witness that you're guilty. But brother Brandham brings in and the Bible brings to us the book of life and then the lamb's book of life. And in the lamb's book of life, there are no recordings of your past life. In fact, it they're recordings of your past life, but your original past life. I'm talking about before the foundation of the world. That recording is in the lamb's book of life. And this is something how Satan always points us back to our recordkeeping as we are under our first birth. He keeps track of that. And then when we come to the Lord Jesus and get saved, you know, he always uses that little wedge. Yeah, but before you were a Christian or remember you made a mistake or remember last time, remember you failing. He's always pointing back. But as a believer, we tried to encourage you last week to go back before you ever sinned. What about that? What about that information? Do we have information on where we was before we ever sinned? Before we ever got here? Where were we? We were in him, a part of him, not just a little side piece. He we were actually a part of him. We were in him from before the foundation of the world. Now this first birth is a challenge for us because we all have come through it and we all have the pains associated with the first birth. our first birth. Many of us, if we could change something about oursel, it probably would be, many of us carnal people would start on something on the outside. If I could just be a little bit smaller, a little bit taller, a little bit, you know, more, you know, handsome or a little more pretty. My hair was just a little bit longer, a little bit thicker, little bit more brown or a little more red. eyes are more blue just a little bit. You know how we are. And we'll constantly pick apart our outer something in our birth. If I can just I wish I didn't have so many siblings or I wish I had my own room. Come on now. You big families now. Don't get quiet on me. I wish I I was you know that family is perfect. If I had a dad like that. If I had a mom like that. If my wife was like, if my husband was like that, you know, and it's um it's constant that we play these games um with ourselves like um even our race, something physical. And you know there, believe it or not, there's a group of people that spend a good portion of their life always guilty about something. They feel bad like always everything was their fault. And there's some people that don't feel guilty about nothing. Yes. Oh yes. There's people like that. It's never their fault. But then there's other people, it's always their fault. And you know, these are weaknesses that come under our first birth. But we thank God for what we call the new birth. Being born again. Have you been born again? Oh, what a feeling. What an opp what a what a time when a man or a woman has been born again and you take on his righteousness. Now in the Old Testament, this first birth was a challenge because if you were not born correctly, your whole existence could be under judgment. God's laws didn't have a place for you if there was something very nefarious. Maybe you're a bastard child. The scriptures talk about that. Or um you're born in a household of unbelievers or your generation did something. And there's a curse coming down from that generation. And even a priest, he couldn't have certain physical ailments and markings. He under that first birth, he wouldn't qualify just because of something, a birth defect. And this is the Old Testament. The Lord put these um the these are realities. And we know that. And so we we we we go and we look at um the new birth and the scriptures we just read there that we are his body. We become a part of his body, bone and flesh of him and that he take that we take on Abraham's seed. So what was he trying to do? He was highlighting out of all of the seeds of the earth. He was going to take a man, a little brown man, a little white man, a little black man, whatever shade his cup copper colored skin, whatever shade Abraham was. I'm going to take you Abraham and bless your seed and give them a law and make myself known to them. And then I don't want your seed mingling with other nations and other seeds. I want to keep this a pure seed. And so we see that ingrained in people. Brother Vanam takes this message a super sign. I'm going to highlight it for you to for this week or month if you have a chance to get it. It's I put it out there. It's a book there that you can get and read and the tape you can listen to. And he talks about how Hitler in Germany wanted to breed a super race. He said Stalin and Russia tried to accomplish a super race. He said that Pharaoh and Egypt wanted to breed a super race. And um but we are by the help of the Lord, we can show you that we are that super race that God has bred down through the ages. He took Abraham and from Abraham, Abraham had a son named Ishmael. And then from Ishmael, that seed went a certain way. And then from Isaac, and then through Isaac, Isaac had sons, Esau and Jacob, Esau went a certain way. But then we're going to take Jacob. And then from Jacob on down the 12 patriarchs and through those seeds and through those lines and through um Jacob's seed there, uh Christ comes through um through the seed of David there. And uh um the tribe is escaping my name right now, the tribe of Judah. He he he picks that tribe of Judah coming down and he's, you know, bringing out and breeding and bringing out um a superchild that Isaiah's prophecy of virgin shall conceive would be fulfilled. And here he was born and now Christ has purchased a church through Calvary. Look at somebody and say Calvary. Don't let if you get somewhere in your life and you can't see the cross, then you need to get back to the cross. Whatever job, whatever relation, whatever church, wherever you at, always keep the cross in your viewpoint. Calvary. Yes. Because that's where it all takes place. That's where the sin question was dealt with. So at Calvary, he purchases a church. He purchases people. Through Calvary, we find salvation. And from salvation, now, not just the church, he's going to call out a bride. Now, here the prophet God takes in the message the super uh um the super sign. And he says this here, 1962 July. I'll take let's see what the prophet of God says here. Page number 19. Paragraph 125. He never come with the salute of heaven. He never come as an angel. He come as Abraham's seed to show the last day super sign. Oh God. Oh yes. To make a super seed, a super race. the race that had been promised, Abraham's race, to bring forth a super seed that we've been talking about a super Christrist. What did they do to him when he come on earth? They made fun of him. They called the spirit that was working in him where he could discern spirits and so forth. They said, "It's the devil, Beelzebub, fortune teller." And in that physical part, the body part, they hung it on a tree and put him to death. But he was a super sign. He rose up again on the third day for he trusted the word of God. David said under inspiration, "I will not leave his soul in hell, neither will I suffer my holy one to see corruption." Therefore, Jesus knew that the scriptures spoke of him that he would not see corruption. Corruption sets in every 72 hours on a dead body. We know that and he knows sometime between that he would raise from the dead and he rose up from the dead for he was a super sign. Can I get a witness here this morning? The prophets were signed. Sure. But they died and went into the grave. But Jesus was the super sign. He come out of the grave. Amen. Super race. Yes sir. A super Christ. So that's our heart. That's our theme here this morning. We have been born by the spirit of God. He is breathing in us a super race. Now I know you thought your race was the best one. Hallelujah. Let me take my glasses off so I can really see who who's who's got the best race in here. I don't want to be honest in church. This is the best race that you can be a part of is this race right here. The one that come through the lineage of Abraham and he died. This race, this member of this race died. went into the grave and got up back up out of the grave with all power in his hands. Now, your race might be smart and your race might be able to sing and your race might be able to dance. Your race accomplishes this. I don't know no other race that got up out of the grave. There's only one that got up out of the grave with all power in his hands. And from that, he's breeding now a super race. And that's the people. That's the people of God that we're talking about this morning. Amen. Praise the Lord. A super race. The prophet of God deals with this in a word to the church as he says, "As we near the headstone, he talked about it in the spoken word is the original seed." But we'll we'll we'll go from that just for a moment. Let's let's deal with this first birth just for a moment. This this bastard child, it's found in Deuteronomy 23 and verse two that this bastard child should not enter into the congregation of the Lord for several generations. This is the child that was born an illegitimate birth. But you know, if you if you if you go deeper into the word, we'll find that in Hebrews chapter 12 tells us what a bastard child is. And a bastard according to Hebrews chapter 12 is he who is without correction. They don't receive correction. They render themselves a master child. You know, and and you know, this is something that we bring all the time. And this is something that you will experience in your Christian journey. Every time you pick up the Bible, every time you come into his presence, he's doing something hopefully to correct, to straighten out, to heal, to nurture, to fix, or to put bomb on something that was corrected. It's always something about making you a better person. And you can't become a better person remaining as you are. Something has to change. There's a you know you have to move from this to that. There's a stages and we go through those times. We have a highlights and then we have our low downs. We have our good days and sometimes we have some very bad days and we're very we're put under pressure. And I don't know another age that doesn't have you know this age is just so much pressure. Just pressure from on every level. Pressure for everyone. Pressure to perform. Pressure to not pressure to just to get it right. Pressure to not, you know, do the wrong the wrong thing. Pressure to make sure that everybody's included. You didn't offend anyone. Pressure. It's a pressure all the time and everybody's under it. How many you know what I'm talking about? constantly trying to, you know, appease and make things, you know, how they should be. And that's just working within yourself. If you're a conscientious person, you're constantly, you put the pressure on yourself many times to get things right. And that's the age that we're in. We're constantly under this pressure. But, you know, this is what this is by design. And this is the hour that we live in because we're nearing the headstone. And as the headstone nears, it gets tighter and tighter and tighter. And that's where people fall off. That's where the people start to expose themselves. The the manifestation of the seeds come into fruition. We can now see people doing things we would never thought they would do. groups, churches, ministries, doing things we've been never thought. But then sometimes even us, we don't even know what's really in us, but the pressure will bring it out of us. And we try to hide it, but we really shouldn't hide it. We should let the pressure bring it out while there's a remedy just in case something needs to be repaired. Amenise. Amen. So this um this this bride and this you know this um baster child that that really as you go deeper into it it's someone that that cannot or will not receive um they go without it let's say I mean even a even if a child I mean maybe he doesn't even know he needs to be corrected that's remember some of the worst kids I can think of is a child who has never got a spanking or correction. Okay, let's say it that way. I don't want to get an abuse charge here. Okay, a child who's never been corrected or a man or a woman that has never gone through their life without correction. Could you imagine what that would be? What would that look like? And so in the word of God, could you imagine a child of God, a Christian that goes without correction? Well, the Lord declares it as a bastard child. It's pretty strong. Let's read it just for a moment. Hebrews chapter 12 quickly. Verses 6 through 6 through 12. For whom the Lord loveth, he chastineth and scourgeth. Every son whom he receiveth. If you endure chastening, God deal with you dealeth with you as with sons. For what son is he whom the father chestineth not? That's a question. But if you be without chastisement, whereof all are partakers, then are ye what? Bastards. And not sons. One translation says, "And not true sons." I like that. then you're bastards and not a true son, not true sons. Furthermore, and the scripture goes on, how we have fathers who has chastised us and used this and exercised this upon us um in the naturals, how much more the father of spirits. And so this is uh something that brother Brandham deals with this. He they got it into questions and answers about high breeding and wasn't so from the beginning. He makes this statement here and high breeding paragraph 107. High breeding was such a horrible thing in the Old Testament. A bastard child could not enter into the congregation of the Lord. 10 generations. Nothing to breed him out. Only that sin. Think 10 generations. 400 years before ille illegitimate child could ever come into the kingdom of God. There was no serum to take care of him. He had to just breathe it out through the families. 400 years before illegitimate child could come into the congregation of the Lord. But today, since the blood of Jesus Christ has been shed, you've been interbred by all different kinds of ideas. The Holy Spirit is here this morning to breed you back to the original, bring you back to Pentecost, breed you back. and we sit together this morning in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Amen. Some of you sit here and maybe say, "Well, you know, I'm not a pastor child." But if you get your family tree out and go looking back a few generations, you might want to close your mouth. Uh I mean, the the dysfunction is just on on every level. It was the original sin. And so that sin has just caused so much chaos and so much trauma. And so this is why you had to be born again. This is why we need the new birth. And not only one time we need the new birth. We need the Holy Spirit to continue to birth in us as brother Brandham brought us in the stature of a perfect man. And it also blasphemeth names. You're birthed into this, into this, into this. Seven virtues that we need to be birthed into. Can I get a witness? Yeah. Because we need the breeding of the old man out of us and the new man bred in us through the word of life. This is why when I say make a statement like justified, you never done it in the first place. Your flesh wants to say, "Yeah, right." But the scripture says therefore whom he has justified. When God declares a man just, who can say different? When God says I don't impute any sin, who can say different? When God says I don't remember, who can remember their sins and their iniquities I will remember no more. That's what the word says. Yes, sir. Amen. So, you need to hear that. And when you hear that, it's breeding. It's the breeding. It's the Holy Spirit breathing into you what the word of God says because your family tree, you listen to that ancestry.com. You look at that. You go look up this and this and that and for and this and that. You need to get into these seven seals. You need to get into this message. You need to get into the Bible. Their sins and their iniquities I will remember no more. Oh my. Thank you, Jesus. Oh yes. So, but now we have the new birth. The prophet of God takes the spoken word as the original seed. And this is part number one I believe in paragraph number 161 and he's talking about high breeding of the word say you breed it you ain't got nothing but a denominational bastard child that's all anything deny the word so see how he tied that anything deny the word excuse me sisters I want you I just got to say just the way it says it here see and that's the way it is. All of God's sons must be the same. Yes, sir. To be born of the word and spirit brings us back to the spoken word again. Amen. Isn't that what we're trying to get back to? The spoken word. Amen. I mean, your family album is great. That's beautiful. But the spoken word is what we're trying to get back to. Amen. The prophet of God moves forward in the message Jehovah Gyra. He says this here said, "Great testings." Paragraph 121, "Great testings." Now, Abraham after all of these wonderful things, he was tested after he received the blessing. Abraham was tested. Now, there's where people fail. Now, listen real close now. Don't miss it. The Bible said every son that cometh to God must be chassened, chasti, chastised, whipped. If we cannot stand a chastisement, we become bastard children and not the children of God. It proves that our faith wasn't what we said it was. We haven't got what we profess to have. Now we're getting down in some real good Calvinism now. So we have to watch that. Now notice, every son that cometh to God must be chasened, chastise the word, whip him, and cut him to pieces. Knock every creed out from under him. See, tried and see if he is the son of God. So who does the whipping now? This is not mama and daddy. This is not pastor whipping you. This is not you whipping yourself. This is the word of God taking all the creeds and unbelief out of you. Aren't you interested in that at all cost? Don't you want the unbelief taken out of you to where there's no unbelief anywhere in you? And when you stand before him, when the Son of Man returns, will I find faith? Will I find people that believe my word? not halfway believe, not part-time believe, but I don't want any unbelief in me, Lord. So, let your word, not the reverend, not this one, let your word whip it all out of me. Because I am a son of God. I am a child of the most high God. His royal blood is flowing through my veins and I am bone of his bone. flesh of his flesh. Amen. And that's the flesh that we eat upon. Is that right? Oh my. Questions and answers. They asked a question about a baby born out of wedlock. Can they go in the rapture? And brother goes on in paragraph 188. He says, "But you see, there was nothing there strong enough to forgive that sin. The blood of the Old Testament did not forgive sin. It covered sins. But the blood of Jesus Christ divorces it. That's different. Now, when the blood of Jesus Christ comes in, it's different. So, when you go to fill out another application and they ask you your race, create your own little space there. No, don't do that. You got to, you know, but it would be nice though. Put your own little space. I'm part of the super race. Like, oh, what you talking about? Tell them come on to our church and come find out what we talking about. Amen. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. Now, because we're a part of this race, because we're a part of his body, we are on our way to the great wedding supper in the sky. We've been called to that feast. We're part of him. He made us a part of him. Now, let's take in this building. The the Lord types this building with the pyramid and the statue of a perfect man. And in 1961, let's see. Let's take God hiding in I'm sorry. God hiding in simplicity. No, that's not it. It is. Let me get it for you here. I have it back there. Paragraph 182, 1961, 210. The prophet of God makes this statement here. All right. All right. What title was that, sis? Abraham in his covenant. [Music] Yes. The prophet makes this statement here. Now, you love the Lord. All right. And what did he say about how he would continue this faith of the seed? He tore Christ apart, took his body up, and set him up there as a bloody sacrifice, setting at the right hand of God. obsessions upon our confessions. A high priest that can be touched by the fillings of our infirmities, the same yesterday, today, and forever. And his spirit was upon his spirit was upon him is back in the church, doing the same works that he did, carrying on the same thing, right? shaping up the church for that headstone to come on it someday. Hallelujah. So, we're being shaped. We're being shaped. How many How many can receive that? We are being shaped for what? For the headstone to come. Now, he goes into the adoption message here. um paragraph uh uh adoption number four and paragraph number 32 he makes this statement here. Now we're coming right down um to where I believe this woman here raised her hand that she had studied the pyramid. You know the pyramid never was capped was it? Never had a capstone put on it. They never they couldn't even find it. They didn't know what ever happened to it. Why? Why wasn't the capstone put on it, the headstone, the top of it? Because he was rejected when he come. He was the rejected stone. That's right. But it will be capped. That's right. And then those stones that fit around that headstone will have to be stones that'll be so completely like that stone. It'll fit in joint every everywhere. The pyramid is so perfect you can't run a razor blade between them where them stones go together. Such beautiful masonry. Look at your neighbor and say, "Beautiful masonry." That's what you are. Yes. Some of them weigh hundreds of tons up in the air and so perfectly set together. That's the way God's bringing this church. We are fitly joined together. One heart, one accord. Now, somebody say, "Well, the Lutheran back there ain't nothing." Don't you believe it? The Lutheran will come forth in the resurrection just the same as the rest will come forth in the resurrection. Baptist, Presbyterian, all of God's children will come forth in that resurrection. That's the reason today people say, "Oh, well, there'll be a sweeping revival that'll go out here and save hundred 100 million Pentecostals. They'll all get saved and there'll be the rapture. You're mistaken. The that rapture will be hundreds of thousands. That's right. But they're being made up in 6,000 years of salvation, too. See, 6,000 years back, man walks in the light. Brother Adam continues on. Paragraph 34. Now notice then the coming of the Lord Jesus is so close at hand until the spirit from way down here just barely justification, sanctification, baptism of the Holy Spirit and now right into the time of the coming of the headstone. The church has got to be so perfectly like Christ until Christ and the church can unite together the same spirit. And if the spirit of Christ is in you, it makes you live the life of Christ. Act like the life of Christ. Do the works of Christ. He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also. Jesus said that. See, now we're going to have we're going to have we got a ministry coming that's just exactly like the life of Christ. What does that ministry identify? the coming of the Lord. Look in the world today. Brother Madam continues on in that message. He goes forward. And so this is the time that the sons and daughters of God were to be made manifested. Tell me of a time that they were to be manifested. if it isn't this time. He amen. He tells us this in that same message, adoption number four, he says, "When was the time that the sons of God was ever to be manifested outside of this time?" Now, when were there ever a time in history there was to manifest a time to deliver all nature? Nature. The nature itself is groaning, waiting for the time of the manifestation. Why? Before the atonement was made, before the Holy Ghost was ever poured out, before all the Old Testament on down there, there couldn't have been manifestations. It had it had to wait till what time? This time. Now all things has been brought coming shaping up to the headstone to the manifestation of the sons of God. Coming back in the spirit of God coming into these men so perfectly until their ministry will be so close like Christ till it will join him and his church together. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. You know, that's what we're looking forward to. I am not satisfied with staying the way I am. And I'm really grateful what the Lord has done for me. I am really thankful to be saved and to know that I'm headed for eternity, able to look the Lord in the face and say, "Lord, I've done what you asked me to do. when you put it on my heart to do it, I did it. And that's a beautiful place to be. And that's wonderful to be in a place where like if you die, you get to go to heaven. We're where who's going to complain about that? I I am grateful for that. So So don't get me wrong, I am very satisfied with being a Christian. Amen. But as science has progressed over the years, over the last 40 years, when I came into the word, what we were doing scientifically and what we're doing today, they're far well advanced. They don't have the pride to say this is it. Scientists at least have the humility to say, you know what, we can do it faster. We can make it smaller. We can do it better. But church folks, many times they get into this attitude like they've arrived. When there's explosions happening every day in your Bible, every time you listen to a tape, another dynamic explosion is ready to take off if you can receive it. And I don't want to be I don't want to be set down and set back and so laidback that I can't get deeper into the word that God I'm not talking about a new word. I'm talking about the old time word. Go into that and let an explosion take off. And find God in there. Find some faith that you never had before. Find some wisdom that you never had before. walk in an atmosphere that you've never walked before as a son or a daughter of God because you're not from your mama and your daddy. You are his flesh, his bones. His life is living in you. You are the super race. You're the manifestation of Abraham's seed. Amen. We don't hold our heads down. We pick our heads up again. Let's go back to Hebrews again for a moment. Hebrews chapter, where were we at? 12. Somebody help the preacher preach. Where were we at this? Say it out. Hebrews 12. Let's turn there quickly. Brothers and sisters, we is we are sons and daughters of the most high God. That's my daddy. He created the heavens and the earth. He created the solar system. My daddy did it all. I'm one of his sons. Yeah. I have a little problem here. I go to my dad. And my dad got the power to change anything I'm going through. I'm talking about my father, my heavenly father. That's who I identify. I am a son of God. We're sons and daughters of God. Amen, somebody. Hebrews chapter 12 talking about this correction. No verse 11. Now no chest for the present seemth to be what? Joyous, but what? Grievious. Nevertheless, afterward it yieldeth the peaceable fruit of righteousness unto them which are exercised thereby. Therefore, one translation says, "Therefore, lift up the hands which hang down and the feeble knees, and make straight paths for your feet, lest that which is lame be turned out of the way. But let it rather be healed." Lift up your head, sister, brother. Lift up your head. You're not an American. You're not a Canadian. You're not African. You're not Jewish. You're not Jew Egyptian. You're not none of that. You are son of God. You're a daughter of God. A race that Satan doesn't know what to do with. A race of people that he can't stop no matter what he does. Their original father went into the grave. We had him. We whipped him. We beat him all night long. We put him in the grave. It was over with. Yay. The darkness can the demons and devils can party now. But no, within three days he got up again with all power in his hands and he set it up on high. He gave gifts unto men. And a few days later, the spirit came back upon the little church and they were filled with the Holy Ghost and they went through Jerusalem laying hands on the sick, casting out devils, raising the dead. They said Jesus is in them people. Why? We're sons and daughters of God. Our journey didn't start here. Amen. Talking about happy birthday. You don't even know when your birthday was. It's before the foundation of the world. Glory. I'm a Gemini. I'm a Capricorn. You was born before the foundation of the world. Give somebody high five real quick. Amen. Yes. That's what we talking about. That's the astrology we're talking about this morning before the foundation of the world. It's a super sign. It's a super people. It's a super race. We got a super anointing. It's a super word. Our Bible is a super book. It's the best of all books. And when that word is in my life, I become a super being, a superchild of God. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. He made us this. This is what the word of the Lord declared for us. Now in this spoken words the original season I prepare to close here the prophet of God is laying as the spirit of God moved him to pick up his pen. Remember that. And he says this here. Spoken word is the original seed. Paragraph 414 or 4 or 352 whichever one depending on the book I think. Excuse me saints. All right. Here's what the prophet says. All right. Oh my. Excuse me just a moment. That's okay. in pick up your pen. The spirit moved the prophet to write this and he says now here's what I'm trying to say to you. The law of reproduction to bring forth of its kind. Genesis 1:11. These last days true church bride comes to the headstones will be the super church a super race as the nears the great headstone. There will be so much like so much like him even they will be in his very image. That's right. Now, is that true or not? So, what does he look like? Well, look around. I remember I was in a going to a camp meeting. This little kid was little child was at at a camp meeting. We were all riding with different people from different locations. Little white little kid. He was sitting in my truck or my car. I noticed him looking at my hands. And then he looked at his hands and he looked at my hands and he looked at me. He says, "Brother Israel, what color is God?" He's trying to figure this out. You know, he's looking and I told him he's whatever color he's dwelling in. So, it depends on who he's in. That's what color he is. And so you want to see what the Lord looks like, then look around. Look around the people that's in the word that's staying with the message. That's the bride of Jesus Christ. This is the race of people that we talking about, the super race. Amen. Amen. Well, uh uh um it'll be a super race as it nears the great headstone. They will be so much like so much like him even they will be in his very image in the order to being united with him they will be one they will be the very manifestation of the word of the living God denominations can never produce this they will produce creeds dogmas mixed with the word and brings a hybrid product drop down Then from a little group of the true seed of the word, God will present Christ a beloved bride, a virgin, a virgin of his word. And through them and by them will be fulfilled all that has been promised for his word in the virgin who knows no man-made creeds or dogmas. Praise the Lord. So there's so much more in there. Here I want to take one more quotation on this on this dynamics here. The prophet of God is um talking about the the church shaping up that we're waiting for the dynamics. See if I can find it here for you quickly. And that's how the Lord works through us is birth after birth. It's anointing. It's more of his word being fulfilled and revealed to us. Is that right? The denominations can't produce what we're talking about. They will produce a lot of people. They'll produce a basketball team or sports team. They'll produce lots of entertainment. They'll produce groups of people that um only go so far in the word, but they can never produce a bride getting ready for the rapture. They can't produce it. They don't have what it takes. Um the Lord sent to us this great and mighty move of God, this message to get a bride ready, a people ready. And through not just the the birth, we get the new birth and the Holy Spirit, we get forgiven of our sins, but then he begins to birth more truth to us and we're getting deeper and deeper. We're growing in his grace and his truth. Amen. How many can say amen to that process that you know the Lord has his life? He has your life under his control. He has orchestrated your life and he has it all in his hands. He's he's working out all the details and he brings things in to your way and you know everything that you don't like about yourself. The new birth takes care of all of that. The word birth takes care of all of the inconsistencies, all of the areas of your life that you failed and you falter and the things you don't like about this and you failed and and this and that. But in the mind of God, he doesn't remember your iniquities because he's declared you just justified. He declares that just like he said in the beginning uh in the beginning he said let there be light and there was light and when he says you have no sin you have been justified then that's what it is it's a creation you're part of that original creation and he was that firstborn son spoken word son with no sin in his life and he lived a life above of sin. I was listening there's talking about this gentleman um Mr. Todd, Mike Todd. He's a well-known preacher and he's talking about for years and years he's never committed sin. He hasn't lied in 14 years. He has all these boastful claims and then people that left the ministry said he's the biggest liar that they know. It's like if you haven't lied for 14 or 15 years, you don't need to tell that to everybody. Well, you trying to prove something because maybe something going on there. But you know what? In the in the in and there's a reality of people, there is a there's a group of people that has never told a lie. They have never sinned. Who are those people? Some mysterious group of people. Yeah, there's this group of people that are justifi they're mysterious. They're way over there somewhere. No, my brother, son, they're here. They're here. And when I can see them in the mirror of his word and see that that I am what he's talking about. Oh God have mercy. God help us be a part of this super race. God bless you so much richly. This message here, super sign, it's in the back there. You can get a book of it. Listen to it. I like to hear the tape. It is nice to read because when you read this, you won't get any popups or advertisements. You won't get no notifications only from the Holy Spirit. All the notifications will come from above when you got a book in your hand. All right? So, they're free. They're right out there. God bless you so much. Let us pray. Musicians, come please. Amen. Heavenly Father, we ask your blessings upon Lord. We tried to deliver this word and thank you for touching me in my body. But Lord, your word is is life to us. It's so true, Lord. It really is. The only thing that is true is what you said is eternal. What you've declared that is eternal. It is. And Lord, we're part of your body. were flesh of your flesh, bone of your bone. Lord, you said through the prophet there in the first seal, I'm going to call you bride. He was preaching to the saints, talking about these great things. He referred to us as the church. He he brought God hiding in simplicity. And then he brings in justification and the bleach of the blood and the breach. And then in that first seal, he he says, "I I'm speaking to the bride." He says, "I'm going to call you bride, Lord. I receive that this morning. I I receive that. I've called myself things. Others have called me things. I've named myself what I think I am. But to hear the word call me bride. Oh, that's what I identify with this morning. May each one hear that call, hear that voice. May you grant that to them. Everyone we pray. It's in Jesus name we ask it. Amen. God bless you. Glory. [Music] Amen. Praise God. Brother John, if you come take Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the king Israel flows through my veins and I who was wretched and vile now can sing. Praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of the King. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the King. And his royal blood now flows through my veins. And I who was wretched and vile now can sing. Praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of the king. I've got a roof up above me. I have a good place to sleep. There's food on my table and there's shoes on my feet. You gave me your love, Lord, and a fine family. Oh, thank you, Lord, for your blessings on me. I've got a roof up above me. I have a good place to sleep. There's food on my table and there's shoes on my feet. You gave me your love, Lord, and a fine family. [Music] Thank you Lord for your blessing on [Music] me. Just reach out and touch the Lord as he passes by. You will find he's not too busy to hear your heart's cry. He's passing by this moment, your needs to supply. Reach out and touch the Lord as he just one more time to him as we stand. Just reach out and touch the Lord as he passes by. You will find he's not too busy to hear your heart's cry. He's passing by this moment, your needs to supply. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. Amen. And we took up an offering earlier and you took the baskets, but we'll need them again for the We have them ready again. Amen. So, maybe we could just have the brothers come for that. Brother Scott Morris, if you can come and dismiss us with a word of prayer. Amen. [Music] Let's bow our heads this morning, Lord Jesus. God, we thank you, Lord, for the word that come forth this morning, Lord. Lord, you let us know that we're a part of your super race, Lord. That we're in you, Lord. You're in us. We just thank you so much for that grace, Lord Jesus. We just thank you for all your many blessings on us, Lord. And we can never ever praise you enough for it, Lord Jesus. Lord God, for this offering that's being taken up this evening to go to the church in Liberia, Lord, we ask that you just bless it, Lord. You multiply it. You meet the needs that they have there, Father, that souls can be saved, Lord. Lives can be changed, those bodies healed, Lord. God, we ask you bless brother Israel as he's gone for the uh for this missionary trip. Lord God, just keep your hand of mercy upon him, Lord Jesus. Lord God, we just once again, Father, thank you for this day, Lord. We ask you this to dismiss us from this place this this morning, Lord, but not from your presence and and Lord, you're willing that you bring us back this evening for more, Jesus. Lord, we just thank you for everything you've said and done this day. And it's in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Maybe we just as we go sing the chorus. I'm so glad I'm a part of the family of God. I'm so glad that I'm a part of the family of God. I've been washed in the fountain. I've been cleansed by his blood. Joiners with Jesus as we travel this song. For I'm part of the family, the family of God. Oh, I'm so glad I'm a part of the family of God. I have been washed in the fountain. I have been cleansed by his blood. [Music] Join air with Jesus as we travel this song. For I'm part of the family, the family of God. Amen. You dismissed. Remember the choir practice this afternoon. I'm expecting this evening five o'clock. Look forward to our guest minister with brother Musgrove. Amen. I have found a friend in Jesus. He's everything to me. Sing that as you go. I found a friend in Jesus. He's everything to me. He's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul. The lily of the valley. In him alone I see all I need to cleanse and make me fully whole. Well, in sorrow he's my comfort. In trouble he's my stay. Well, he tells me every care on him to roll. Hallelujah. He's the lily of the valley. Bright and morning star. He's the fairest of 10,000 to my [Music] soul. He all my griefs taken and all my sorrows born. In temptation he's my strong and mighty town. I've all for him forsaken all my idols torn my heart and now he keeps me by his power. And though all the world forsake me and Satan temp me sore, through Jesus I shall safely reach the goal. He is the lily of the valley. [Music] He's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul. And he'll never never leave me nor yet forsake me here. While I live by faith and do his blessed will. A wall of fire about me. I have nothing out. With his mana he my hungry soul shall fear. And then sweeping up to glory, I'll see his blessed face where rivers of delight shall ever roll. He's the lily of the valley, the bright and morning star. He's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
