################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-01 - Wednesday Evening 04-30-25 - Pastor Israel Powe.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-01
Title:   Wednesday Evening 04-30-25
Speaker: Pastor Israel Powe
Church:  Shalom Tabernacle Tucson
Type:    Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oe83CjJ7f0U
========================================

[Music] to this. Praise the [Music] Lord. So, while they work that out, let's continue to sing that. We'll speed it up just a little bit. Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days all the days of my life. Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days all the days of my life. And I shall dwell in the house of the Lord forever. I shall feast at the table spread for me. Let's all stand this evening. Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days all the days of my life. Amen. God bless you this evening and so glad to have each of you with us once again. just in or around the throne this evening. Amen. Brother Joe Galante, could I have you come open in a word of prayer this [Music] evening? We all bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, we're coming tonight to serve, to worship you, Father, to lift up your holy name. And we pray, Father, that you just receive, Lord, our sacrifice of praise, Lord, as we honor you, Father. Lord, you said put you in remembrance and plead and declare that we may be justified, Father. So, we want to speak your word. We want to pray your word back to you, Father. We want to Lord do everything that you have written uh in your word for us. Father be with everyone those that may still be on the way Lord. May it be a special night for everyone that draw closer to you. Father may we see something maybe we haven't seen before Lord and raise our faith Lord in Jesus Christ and we'll give you all the praise and the glory. Amen. [Music] will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord have made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. [Music] Oh, he hath made me glad. Oh, he hath made me glad. I will rejoice for heath made me glad. He hath made me glad. Oh, he hath made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. And I will enter his gates with thanksgiving and my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. I will say this is the day that our Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Yes, he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. Yes, he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Amen. Let's give our Lord a hand of praise this evening. Amen. You may be seated. Oh, let's sing about how beautiful heaven must be. We read of a place that's called heaven. It's made for the pure and the free. These truths in God's word he has given. How beautiful heaven must be. How beautiful heaven must be. Sweet home of the happy and free. Fair haven of rest for the weery. How beautiful heaven must be. In heaven. No drooping nor pining. No wishing for elsewhere to be. God's light is forever there [Music] shineing. How beautiful heaven must be. How beautiful heaven must be. Sweet home of the happy and free. Fair haven of rest for the weary. How beautiful heaven must be. Well, pure waters of life there are flowing and all who drink may be free. Where jewels of his splendor are glowing. How beautiful heaven must be. Oh, how beautiful heaven must be. Sweet home of the happy and free. A fair haven of rest for the weery. How beautiful heaven must be. And the angels so sweetly are singing up there by the beautiful sea. Sweet cords from their gold hearts are ringing. How beautiful heaven must be. Let's sing that last verse one more time. Angels so sweetly are singing up there by the beautiful sea. Sweet cords from their gold hearts are ringing. How beautiful heaven must be. How beautiful heaven must be. Sweet home of the happy and free. A fair haven of rest for the weary. How beautiful heaven must be. A fair haven, a fair haven of rest for the weery. How beautiful heaven must be. Amen. Oh, how I long to see that place that some glad morning. I thought number one would surely be me. I thought I could be what I wanted to be. I thought I could build whole life sinking sand, but I can't even walk without you holding my hand. No, I can't even walk without you. Holding my hand. For the mountains to high and the valleyies to wide. Down on my knees where I've learned to stand. I can't even walk without you holding my hand. Well, I thought I had done a lot on my own. I thought I can make it all alone. I thought of myself as a mighty big man. But Lord, I can't even walk without you holding my hand. No, I can't even walk without you holding my hand. For the mountains too high and the valleyies too wide down all my knees is where I've learned to stand. Lord, I can't even walk without you holding my hand with all your heart. Lord, no, I can't even walk without you holding my hand. For the mountains too high and the valleyies too wide down on my knees, it's where I've learned to stand for. I can't even walk. Lord, I can't even walk. No, I can't even walk without you holding my hand. Amen. Amen. Oh, I am redeemed. I've been bald with the price. Jesus has changed. If anybody asks just who I am, tell them that I am redeemed. Lord, I am redeemed. I've been bought with the price of Jesus has changed my whole life. If anybody asks you, oh just who I am, you can tell them that I am redeemed. One last time, let's sing it out to him. And I am redeemed. I've been born with a price. Oh my Jesus, he has changed my whole life. [Music] If anybody asks you, oh just who I am, oh you tell them that I am. Greetings. Amen. Is that your testimony this evening? Lord, I'm one of them. Amen. As we get ready for our pastor to come this evening, let's just sing that chorus worship song. He has forgiven me. He has forgiven me. My sins have been washed from his [Music] memory by the blood of the lamb of Calary. He has forgiven me. He has forgiven me. My sins have been washed from his memory. By the blood of the lamb of Calary. He has forgiven me. One more time. He has forgiven me. My sins have been washed from his memory by the blood of the lamb of Calary. Yes, he has forgiven me. as we continue to worship him. If you play this [Music] Heat. Heat. Amen. So good to be in the house of the Lord with you tonight. Amen. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Heavenly Father, we thank you for bringing us together once again. Lord, to bring us to this place that you have given to us to worship. Lord, I'm so happy to be here with the saints. Lord, I pray that your presence now will bless everyone. F feed us with your word, Lord. We just commit all things into your hands tonight. We love you and we thank you. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. And everyone can say amen. Amen. We're so happy to be here with you tonight. So, welcome home. I'm so glad to be back home. [Applause] Amen. Yes. I had a wonderful time there in Liberia. I think we had eight eight or 10 services, I believe. Um starting with the Easter convention that they had there. There's another ministering brother that was a uh part. Thank you musicians. Bless you. That was a part of those meetings there from Nigeria, a young man. And he so he helped uh shoulder a good portion of the services. We ser started services on Friday and on Saturday. Two services Friday, two services Saturday, and then we had two services Sunday. And then they have a radio broadcast that was very, very interesting to me. really uh you know spoke uh sparked my interest quite a bit. I really enjoyed that um radio ministry. It was live in the studio. They had just started that on the Sunday afternoon every Sunday afternoon and they'll play the prophet or one of the brothers there will speak trying to get the word out there to their community. And uh so we were able to do that one Sunday and then the second Sunday and I was I was preparing for it on the second Sunday I was putting the notes together and we're not you know you're fishing so we're not really me mentioning the prophet and stuff like that but just trying to show in the scriptures that there's more in the word of God and and so we were able to continue to mention the call letters of the church and our purpose and we continued to do that throughout the program and it seemed to be a little successful. We had a some feedback from that. Immediately afterwards, we met a sister or a lady that was interested in hearing more about the word. And so, I don't know about you, for me that I love that. I love hearing about somebody interested in the word. I mean, it's nice to have our homes and the things that we would do in life that we would, you know, gather and so forth, things that are fun, things that are interesting to us, but there's nothing more. I mean, it just does something to me to see a young man or young woman or an old man or old woman try to find out more about the word. And so, that was so good. And you know after those meetings um that Monday we took a day off and then Tuesday I went and spoke at a church. Wednesday, Thursday, Friday um was services every day. Saturday was a ministers meeting then we had a service. Sunday morning and then the Sunday afternoon radio broadcast. So please don't ask me how my vacation was cuz it was not a vacation. We were on the field for the Lord, but I felt really good. My wife saw me on the video with a video text. She said, "Israel, you look so happy. You look rested." And uh so I hope I look rested and happy um for the rest of all time. Amen. I know the the jet lag will probably catch up to me here sometime this evening, but we're so happy to be here and the Saints uh send their greetings to each of you. Uh Liberia, we just went through a war and some of you may not remember brother pastor Elijah when he came here to speak for us on the Broadway church. He was just here a month or so ago and he was 15 years old when um that war took place and their family had to leave and they ran to Ghana and they're poor and it's just a war. And that's where actually he heard about the message was in Ghana while their country is being torn apart by rebels and so forth. And then after the war was over, it subsided. The people started to come back and then the war broke out again. So there's this long history of this. And so he showed me where he lived. He built his home there. It's mainly concrete. Very nice home, big and it's built in the whole neighborhood. And everyone in the neighborhood is selling something on the streets there. Everyone has a little business that they're trying to sell food and little dinners and corn and mangoes or whatever. They're selling fish. And it's like it's hard to really understand how they're buying from one another right in the neighborhood. all down every street, roads, barbers, little places that they would call a pharmacy. Um um but that was all just nothing was there just in 2016. And here they are just, you know, so it really brings a perspective as to what their country is doing and how they're building. They're moving forward. They're trying to build very very poor, very, very hot. the electricity turns off every night and sometimes during the day and then you got to get the generator going and so I um the air conditioning that was an issue for me. It was quite hot, very hot and humid, but I didn't need to use any lotion all the time I was there. And so it was very and I rested very well and the food was very very good. food. I would pay top dollar for their fish and chicken and all of the fresh fruits that they serve you and the people there. They're so loving and so kind. Um the the traffic there is just I could not drive in that traffic. The way they drive there, it's just it's hard to imagine. Just motorcycles everywhere and then cars, a few cars and then these three-wheel vehicles. I saw one Ford truck the three the two weeks that I was there. Everything's a Nissan or Hyundai or and there's just people are running on the road just I mean they're selling gasoline by the gallon in jars glass jars and so they have a few gas stations but most people are on the side of the road you get a gallon or two gallons of gas just like that just wow just so it's really really different and uh um so I'm glad to be back home to be here with you saints I got back to the church here and I came right to the altar and I said, "Thank you, Lord, for bringing me back home again." Amen. And so, um, lovely group of people. They love the Lord all their heart. So easy to preach to the ministers meeting. They wanted me to speak with the brothers there, some of the pastors. And what's so encouraging is um you know, brother Elijah, he has a a big church that they built and the Easter convention, they all kind of come together. There's about a thousand believers or so that come to the meeting just really fired up. They have instruments and the music, the people dancing all through the um the service and I mean it's just really really nice um in the in that atmosphere. I think everyone here could probably get your praise on without nobody looking at everybody, the little ones, the old ones, just praising the Lord with all their heart. Just beautiful atmosphere to call into. And what I loved about them, they were they would they sang a few new songs, but most of their songs were all only belief songs. But they' take that song and the Holy Spirit would take that song into worship and it was just beautiful. And so we just thank the Lord for that. My batteries have been charged. Thank the Lord. I'm glad to be associated with those believers there. And you can't go everywhere and you can't do everything. But I was so glad I was to be a part of that. I brought my the greetings from this church to those saints there. They were so happy that I was able to come. P brother Elijah's been asking me to come for quite some time. And I said, "Easter, don't even think about it. I'm not coming to Easter. I'm not leaving my church. I have to see if I can get the ticket." And once I made that decision, I kind of let her know somehow. I can't remember how she found out. The way I used to tell Sister Sharon, the way she used to find out what was going on, we would go over to Sister Kay's house. And Sister Kay would ask me all kind of questions and I would answer her. And then Sharon say, "You never told me that, but honey, you never asked me." And so, Sister Kay would we would fellowship. We were good friends. You would just squeeze stuff out of me all the time. And then she would laugh at Sharon because Sharon didn't get it out of me. But um and so that was the the part of that trip. I didn't go there to to get a like a vacation per se, but I had a wonderful time meeting those believers and taking them in just the stuff that I preach here. I preach it right there. the things that I feel that are important. They had a wave of this um you know this unbelief of some of the ministers that are well known here, they're well known over there and then when they've fallen away, they try to contact and get back into the country with you know this doctrine about the pictures and what pictures you have up in the church. But those believers, they don't, that's not even the issue there. Brother Brandham had the pictures up in his church. What's the problem? That's their attitude. And I appreciate that. And I know putting a picture up is not it's up to whoever church can do however they want to do it. It's not an issue. But if you're going to criticize someone for having a picture up, then you criticizing the prophet in my eyes. The prophet put it up. So, but these are just little things that come up in the hour that we live in. And it's so good to see these brothers standing on the word. There's a uh the little churches that I went to, the other little churches, one brother is meeting in a a school that he's renting. Another one had bought a piece of property and they're building. Another brother had already built on their church and they got it up and coming. Another group that broke off and um that brother Elijah goes to is three hours away. one way for him to go there. Every week he goes there to that group and it's building up and they're just just so it's hard to to really explain. You know, you're reading the quotations, you're reading from the prophet and the people are just pulling from from whatever you're saying and they're taking notes. They want to be they want to hear about the message when they heard that you know right around the corner we can see can the Canalita mountains up here just it's just really really they love that they just you know really look at us as being very very privileged people to live in in you know the city of Tucson or even in the US for that matter and so it's so nice to see the different levels of believers, young men, 30s, 40s, some in their 50s that are building their little churches and after the war and Liberia is growing and it's coming together. It has its own constitution and all the history of it. It's so nice to see the work of the Lord moving forward. I would love to go back again to see them as soon as possible, but I pro I know it won't be this year or maybe not next year. The Lord really have to put it on my heart to go again. Um, but I made that commitment to the Lord. I'll go. You open the door. You lead me to go to put my heart with the missionary and the missionary work that's going on around the world. That's what I that's what's in my heart. All right. So, and I appreciate you all for um being faithful. It's so nice to see on the stream there our drummer there praying for the service. It just touched my heart to see each of you. I was like, please span that camera around. Turn it around. I want to see. And so, I was there uh seeing you all worship the Lord. It was so good. So happy to have brother uh Joe here to watch over the service and the Sunday school and each one at their post of duty. The song is in the worship did my heart so good. I just put that stream on and I go to sleep listening to it and try to stay awake and then come back and hear it again. And um so I'm happy to be back home again. So God bless each of you. Amen. Let's go to the prayer meeting. Before we do, we're going to go into the word. Just a little portion of the word that I um just kind of struck my interest here in second Peter chapter 2. If we could stand and turn there. I think one of the last times we were here, we were speaking out of Jude. But ye beloved, building up yourself in the most holy faith. And how the book of Jude mentions Kora um Cain and Balum. But in second uh Peter chapter 2 here we see the apostasy just beginning. And many of the apostles warned us of this apostasy that would come. Uh second Thessalonians speaks of it. Second Timothy speaks of it. Jude and then here we have Peter speaking of the apostasy that already started and began to show itself. And then in the message spoken word is the original seed. Brother Brandham is bringing us into that pick up your pen and when he said let us stand like Joshua and Caleb and if you take that little portion I forget what it is 10 minutes or 12 minutes of him writing but the Holy Spirit told him there's some instructions in there for the last day believer. He brings in this Kora and this balum and so forth. But I'd like to take 2 Peter chapter 2. And I believe it's more important than perhaps we realize. Even as there shall be false teachers among you who privately shall bring in damnable heresies, even denying the Lord that brought them and bring upon them swift destruction. And many shall follow their pernituous ways, by reason of whom the way of truth shall be evil spoken of. And through cavitiousness shall they with fain words make merchandise of you, whose judgment now of a long time lingerth not, and their damnation slumberereth not. Their damnation sleepeth not. For if God spared not the angels that sinned, but cast them down to hell, delivered them to the chains of darkness to be reserved unto judgment, and spared not the old world, but saved Noah the eighth person, a preacher of righteousness, bringing in the flood upon the world of the ungodly, and turning the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah into ashes ashes, condemned them with an overthrow, making them an enample unto those that after should live ungodly, and delivered just Lot vexed with the filth filthy conversation of the wicked. For that righteous man dwelling among them and seeing hearing vex his righteous soul from day to day with the unlawful deeds. The Lord knoweth how to deliver the godly out of temptation and to reserve the unjust unto the day of judgment to be punished, but chiefly them that walk after the flesh and the lusts of uncleanness and despise government. presumptuous are they self-willed. They are not afraid to speak evil of dignities. Whereas angels which are greater in power and might bring not railing accusation against them before the Lord. Stop there verse 11. You know if you take Jude the book of Jude this chapter 2 is very very similar to these beasts the one scripture calls them here in verse 12. how they begin to speak things that they don't know about and how the angels don't even go down that path that these fallen men do. And the Bible says that the false teachers would rise. Let's read verse 12. But these as natural brute beasts made to be taken and destroyed, speak evil of things that they understand not, and shall utterly perish in their own corruption, and shall receive the reward of unrighteousness, as they that count it pleasure to riot in the daytime. Spots they are blemishes, sporting themselves with their own deceings, while they feast with you, having eyes full of what? Adultery. Adultery that cannot cease from sin. Beguiling unstable souls. A heart they have exercise with cavitious practices. Cursed children which have forsaken the right way and are gone astray following the way of Balum son of Bozar who loved the wages of unrighteousness but was rebuked for his iniquity. The dumb ass speaking with man's voice forbade the madness of the prophet. These are wells without water, clouds that are carried with the tempest to whom the mist of darkness is reserved forever. For when they speak great swelling words of vanity, they allure through the lust of the flesh, through much wantedness. Those that were clean escape from them who live in error. While they promise liberty, they themselves are the servants of corruption. For of whom a man is overcome the same as he is brought into bondage. For if after they have escaped the pollutions of the world to the knowledge of the Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, they are again entangled therein and overcome. The latter end is worse with them than the beginning. For it had been better for them not to have known the way of righteousness than after they have known it to turn from the holy commandment delivered unto them. May God add a blessing to the reading of his word. You may be seated. Amen. So, what a warning, huh? What a portion of scripture that Peter is now warning us. If you take Paul's writing in second and first Thessalonians and you take his writings to Timothy and you take the foster brother of Jesus Jude, he gives these warnings. Also in the book of revelations in the tharin church age, the scriptures talks about knowing the depths of Satan. And brother Brandham brings these depths of Satan. He talks about Jezebel. He talks about the nicicoatans. Then he brings in this Balum. And this Balum is quite an interesting character in the scripture. You'll find him in numbers that he was a hired prophet, but he's mentioned three times in the New Testament. As his life and character was there in the New Testament after the cross, he was brought up again for a purpose, for a warning to all of us. It's in second Peter chapter 2 that we just read, the way of Balum. Jude 1:11, the error of Balum and Revelations 2:14, the doctrine of Balum talking about the same character. Now, brother Bam makes this statement in the adoption right in the beginning as he is going to bring this series, the adoption. How many has read this or heard this series? Isn't that beautiful? It's very nice. You know, he had just come with the experience beyond the curtain of time. And after that experience he brings this teaching this series of teaching while he was in the hospital he was getting ready I think to go to Africa and then the Lord started to you know this is what he is studying the book of Ephesians parallel Joshua but then he also started to um express to us this is his first time really bringing going beyond the curtain of time and what death was really like when you leave a cross but this is what he says in the adoption In paragraph number six, he says this here, Bible teaching is usually a little treacherous, a little no kind of walking out on the thin ice, we call it, but we just feel that maybe at this point, at this time, it might be good to kind of bring the church to what I think to a complete understanding positionally of what we are in Christ Jesus. And sometimes I think that preaching is a wonderful thing, but I believe sometimes, brother Beer, that teaching goes beyond that and kind of especially to the church. Now, preaching usually catches the center, brings him under condemnation by the word, but teaching places a man positionally what he is. And we can never rightly be able to have faith until positionally we know what we are. Now if the United States of this fair land here sent me over to Russia as an ambassador of this nation to Russia, then they have officially sent me to Russia. All the power that the United States has is behind me. My word is just the same as the United States. If I have been recognized as an ambassador, then if God has sent us to be his ambassador, all the power that is in heaven, all that God is, all of his angels, all of his power stands behind our words if we are correctly and ordained, sent messengers to the people. God has to honor the word. For he has so solemnly written that whatsoever you bind on earth, that will I bind in heaven. Whatsoever you loose on earth, that will I loose in heaven. And I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom. Oh, such great promises he's given the church. And so to me, I want to embrace that. what an ambassador is. It's the highest official representing uh a nation is an ambassador to another country. You speak for the United States. And if we are really called to bride of Christ, then we really should know who we are as believers and our position in the word comes not by just preaching, not by, you know, we have some wonderful services that are, you know, you can feel the whatever the presence of the Lord. He comes, the anointing of the Lord comes in many different ways. And then the preaching of the gospel, there's some excitement. There's a, you know, but teaching is far beyond preaching. Because teaching shows you in the word who you are. You can pick up your Bible and find out that's me right there. That's Balum over there. And these things you must know and they're they're things that you have to know as a believer uh standing in this last day. And so the scriptures um admonish us to study the word to study the word. We don't just read it. We actually study it because in studying it we learn far beyond what preaching can do for us. What is the teaching? The the teaching stabilizes the believer. It settles them to know who they are. And so this Balum and who he was and what he did to Israel, let's look at that just for a moment. All right. The prophet of God tells us here in the message, get this for you here. Does God ever change his mind about his word? Here's what he says. Paragraph number 172. What happened? Balam, he succeeded in weakening Israel. What did he do? He weakened their camp. God let him go and weakened their camp and it polluted the whole camp. And when some doctrine starts that's not the Bible, sorry. Sorry there. It's not the Bible truth. It pollutes the whole camp. Somebody raises up with a different idea like Kora and say, "Well, this that and the other and I got a different idea. It pollute it pollutes the whole camp." And that's what's done the whole church camp today. That's right. teaching as he did, weakening the whole camp for Kadesh Barnea, the word showdown. When they got to Kadesh Barnea, then the weakening of the camp, they come back. They had went right. Remember, they'd eat angels food. They had the word of God every night made manifest and they eat the food. They drink from the rock. They did all seen the miracles. They watched Moses and seen his word, seen his prophecies, everything. Then finally, when they listened to this false teacher come in among them and teach wrong, he weakened the camp and prospered by it. So what was his teaching? Mo Balam's teaching was that we're all the same. That we're all one. And the reality is we're not all the same and we're not all one. Uh we are one with the word. We're not one with one another in our understanding. I want to be one with the word. And when I become one with the word and you become one with the word, then we're one together. But we can't have no oneness outside of the word. No, no, no. I'm not going to compromise fellowship by letting loose on the word. That's balamism. That's nickelatanism. And in the church ages, the prophet of God brings this out. You see, denominations, they'll try to make you feel guilty because you take a stand on the word. But you have a it is a commandment by almighty God to stay with the word. That's above everything. And that position you must know. You see these fellows in second Peter chapter 2, they bring in heresies privately. It's secretly and a lot of their stuff, a lot of their woos. We see as I I brought the quotes here or brought the notes here when one of the big names in the message that we all know, I don't call any names. I think it was 2014 is what when it was that he fell away, left the message. But if you go back and see what was he teaching before that, two years before that, so like 2012, he fell in 2014, it was a big deal, surrounded around the cloud. And then a few years later, four or five years, another bigname preacher fell. And it looks like separate events when they're really the same event. that spirit is around. It wasn't the only preacher that that spirit went to. And when that thing happens, it would be foolish for me not to highlight that to you brothers and believers. And you walk around with your head in the sand thinking that we're all one. We are not all one. The only thing you want to be one with that you have an allegiance to is God's word. And if you compromise on that, you're on your way out. That whole camp of Israel that heard Balam speak and teach, they were living immoral. They were doing things wrong. And when he tried to curse the people of God, God didn't even see it. God ignored it. God said, "I see nothing but righteousness in Israel." He he he totally the the sacrifice held over all of their back parts, all of their crimes, all of the stuff they were doing that was wrong. But when they begin to mix with those people, God never forgave them. So he knew he couldn't go get God to curse them. So what did he do? He got a false teacher to come in to bring damnable heresies among them. And if teaching settles the believer, what do you think false teaching does? And if teaching is more important than preaching, then what is false teaching? False teaching weakens your faith. It weakens the camp completely. And the Bible says they privately do it. It's done privately. And the prophet of God brings this out. So I'm going to take a few more moments if I can. I have a little bit more time here. All right. Here the prophet of God says this here. Who do you say this is? 1964. My allegiance is not to make everybody feel good, but those you say that it sounds you're separating. These are the quotations of the prophet. This is what he said. And you got to teach that there's a responsibility there. It's not just one place. It's not just one prophet. It was Peter. It was Paul. They were bringing in what this apostasy is. And remember, there will be a great falling away first. That has to happen. Is that what we're seeing taking place? Blogs, these internet ministries now, they didn't just leave the message. Now they have a blob for all those that were hurt that were in the message so they can have a safe place to come and um or whatever it is, you know, the abuse that they were in in church or the abuse with following the message. They have these um these what do you call these internet platforms these uh uh podcast that are becoming like a ministry to them and they're getting more popular and more famous. What about just leaving and backsliding? No, they don't leave and backslide. Now they have a ministry attacking what we believe and we pastors and preacher going to put our head in the sand and go home and cry. No, we can pick up my sword and say what the word says that these things were supposed to happen. Amen. And so you have to know that you are a believer in the word of the Lord that God sent in this day and the enemy will come against that. So the prophet brings this to us in the message, who do you say this is? 162. Now he's seen he couldn't curse you. So what's he going to do? He's going to organize you. Oh, we're all one anyhow. See, we all believe in the same God. So just what Balam did? And didn't Jude warn us? Let's see. I don't know what's going on with my I like preaching from paper. Anyways, let me see if I can get this. And didn't Jude warn us of this? They eroded in the way in the doctrine of Balum and perished in the game of Kora. Doesn't Jude, the foster brother of Jesus, warn us of this in the Bible? They're like Cain from the beginning. The hierling, the one that went to church and built churches and built an altar and sacrifice. They erid in the way of Cain. They run in the way of Balum and perish in the gang saying of Kora. Jude lays the whole thing out just like we're doing it this morning. Here before you like we've been doing the whole thing lays there. They perished in the gang saying of Kora. Just think of that. How bad that was. Just think of what Kora now we all go up to feasts. We're all one. The Moabites believed in God. That was Lot's daughter's kids. See, we all believe in one God. Fundamentally, they were perfectly right. Watch Balam up there. Just as fundamental as any good Baptist or Presbyterian today. You come out there, there was Israel that undenominated. They was a nation. Israel wasn't a nation. It was a people at that time. They didn't want to go God's way after a while. They wanted to be like the rest of the nations. That's when they failed. But as long as they want to stay with God, all right. Amen. The prophet of God continues in the message, the exposition of the church ages, the resume of the ages. He says this. There's no paragraph number. Maybe you can find it for me in the back there. It says, "Now watch this doctrine of Balum most carefully." Notice above all that it is the deliberate maneuver of a corrupt clergy to bind the people to them by leading the people deliberately into the sin of unbelief. The nicicoatan doctrine was the corruption of the clergy as they sought political power amongst themselves. While balamism is the subjection of the people to their system of creed and worship in order to hold them. Now watch this carefully. Watch what is that bound the people to the nominal church and thereby destroy them. It was the creeds and dogmas formed in the church tenants. It was the doctrine of the Roman Catholic Church. They were not given to the true food. They were not given the true food, the word. They were given the food that came from idol worship, Babylonian paganism, wrapped up in Christian terminology. And that very same spirit and doctrine is right amongst all the Protestants and it's called denomination. Nicolotinism is organization humanizing the leadership of the church and thereby depositing the spirit deposing the spirit. Thank you. Baleumism is denominationalism which takes the church manual instead of the Bible. And right this hour, many of God's people are caught in the snare of denominationalism. And God is crying to them, "Come out of her, my people, that you be not partakers of her sins, that you receive not of her plagues." You see, they are ignorant. But if the rapture should take place at this moment, ignorance would be no court appeal from the judgment of God for being in the wrong ranks. Um because of this message, we shouldn't be ignorant of these things. Can I get a witness? This message gives us a revelation of these things. These very things that we're talking about. We're not following humanism and human government. We're following the word of the Lord. Amen. The prophet of God continues on here and he says this in the resume of the ages again. He says this here. All right. I'll take a few more minutes. Okay. He says, "Because human government is politics pure and simple, the church became involved in politics. This involvement was welcomed by a dictator emperor who joined church politics with the state uh politics and by force established the false church, Satan's false religion as a true religion. And through various edicts by various emperors, we find the false church with state power destroying the true vine even more avidly. Sad to say the true vine was not exactly immune to this doctrine. By that I do not mean that the true vine ever did establish the nickelan ideas as a doctrine. Far from it. But that little worm of death kept sucking at the true vine, hoping that it might fall. Even within the true church, men whom God had called as overseers were holding that title to mean a little more than just a local responsibility. It was not the clear understanding of Paul that existed in the church at this time. For Paul said, "And they glorify God in me." No matter what authority Paul had, he kept the people looking to God for whom is all authority. But the clergy was always looking to divine leadership plus human. Amen. Thus in giving honor where honor was not due. We find that the true church was spotted with humanism. With nicolotinism established, apostolic secession placed ministers, pastors voted in, etc., it was only one step for the false church to proceed to balamism. The second step to the depth of Satan was now in full progress. This second step was the doctrine of Balum described in Revelations 2:14 wherein Balam taught Bailo to stumble the children of Israel by a united meeting. There the guest would do the two more things contrary to the word of God. You will recall that Bailo needed to help to keep his kingdom. He called on the most dominant spiritual figure of his day, Balum. Balum gave the advice that trapped and destroyed Israel. It was first of all suggest to suggest that they all get together and talk things over, eat together, get things ironed out. After all, understanding each other goes a long way. That's the problem. We don't understand each other. Understanding each other goes a long way. You all excuse me, my mind is running. Okay. Once you accomplish that, you can go from there. The next step would be worshiping together. And of course, a little pressure from the host usually makes the guests go a lot further than they intended. Now, that didn't only happen back there to God's church of the Old Testament, but it happened to the church of the New Testament, for there was an emperor who, like Bailo, needed help to secure his kingdom. So Constantine invited the nominal Christian first Christian church of Rome to help him get the Christians behind him as they were a very large body. The outcome was the nine council of 3:25. There the Christians both true and nominal came together at the invitation of Constantine. The true Christians had been had no business even going up to the meeting. In spite of all Constantine could do to unite them all, the real believers knew they were out of place and left. But to those who remain, Constantine gave of the state's treasury along with political and physical force. Along with political and physical force, the people were introduced to idol worship and spiritism. For the statues with names of saints were placed in the buildings, and the people were taught to commune with the dead or pray to saints, which is nothing more nor less than spiritism. For the food that man truly needs, even the word of God, they were given creeds and dogmas and the rituals which were all enforced by the state. Above all, they were given three gods with the triple compound name of one true God. water baptism in the name of the Lord. Jesus Christ gave way to the pagan baptism of three titles. The real believers ought not to have gone there. They had already lost much truth and now they too would lose the understanding of the Godhead and forfeit names for titles in water baptism. Now watch this doctrine of Balum most carefully. Notice above all that it is is it is the deliberate maneuver. I'm repeating again deliberate maneuver of corrupt clergy to bind the people to them by leading the people deliberately into the sin of unbelief. So we see it happen in the Old Testament. We see it happen under the church ages. All what I just read there is the information that we have in our church age book. Right? That's all right there. It shows the pattern. And so, Satan doesn't change. His pattern is still there. And he wants to make you through humanism develop relationships with people over humanism. Not interested. Not interested. I'm a human being. Yes. I want everybody to love me. Yes. But when I get down on my knees, ultimately Good to see you, my brother. Welcome back home. God bless you. When I get down on my knees, ultimately I am responsible to the word. So are you. Amen. And if these groups, the scripture says, as I close, let's turn to second Peter chapter 2 one more time, there were false prophets also among the people, even as there shall be false teachers among you, who privately shall bring in damnable heresies, even denying the Lord that brought them and bring them unto swift themselves to swift destruction. And what does it say in verse two? And many and many and many shall follow their pernituous ways by reason of whom the way of truth shall be evil spoken of. That's the hour that we're in. This is part of this great apostasy taking place. Many that are in the way have gone from the way. And it was be better if they were never started for the end of them is far worse than their beginning. It's very clear in the scripture. This is the teachings that you have to know. So you know how you stand as a believer. Not everybody claiming whatever they claim is for you to feed on. No, the hour's too late. It's too great. And they're going into foreign fields and you start, you know, meeting brothers and they see the the influence coming. You see the influence coming from America and these brothers have to wrestle with it. They have the same Holy Ghost and the same word and they take a stand on it. But you see these people falling for this all the time and all the groups of believers. There all kind of people privately making statements about making statement about flexing against a prophet, flexing against a preacher, flexing against the visions. It starts somewhere and it's leading to something else. But we are the beloved of God and we hold true to the word of the Lord. And I like what brother Adam says here. The last quote here, it's in the spoken word is the original seed under the pick up your pen part. He says this here paragraph number 429 in the area that I the book that I have 428 he says but thank God all Israel never all Israel never fell for Kora some stay by Moses the anointed prophet with the word of God. Same is it today with many of God's elected by his word and his spirit. Remember the terriers of weeds are to be gathered and bound in bundles. That's right. This has come to pass. This apostate organization church is bound tighter than they ever was bound. They are bundled together in the federation of churches ready for the fires of God's judgment. I never wrote this. I feel that he did it. Pentecosters are full of so-called the same as them. The wheat word will be gathered someday after they leave for the masters. Brother Badam continues on and that pick up your pen. I trust the Lord will bless you and strengthen you in these things. False teachers, the importance of true teachers, true teaching and what it does to the believer is far beyond just preaching. And if that be true with the true teacher, what does the false teaching do? It's far beyond it weakens your faith. So God bless you that our faith would be strengthened in this evil day. the way of Ba Balum, the error of Balum, and the doctrine of Balum. The scriptures point this guy out more than Pharaoh, more than any of the evil nations that rose up against Israel. He brings out Balam because Balam had a true gift, a true anointing. And for wages, he sold his gift and went in per permissive will of God so he can bind Israel. Couldn't get them by cursing them. couldn't get them by their morals or their character, but he got them to blend or mix with the Moabites. And then that's where God's curse came on them. And that pattern has repeated itself through the church ages. And what's taking place today, saints, what's taking place today, that's exactly what's taking place today. Amen. So, God bless you richly. So good to be back home with you. Let us go to the Lord in prayer. I had a few prayer requests. I think I left the note on my desk again. Sorry about that. I'll try to remember what those were. I know Sister Lori Snow. We want to keep her in prayer. And then there is this um another young lady that's married. I think she's in one of the islands there suffering um with some marital abuse. It's very dangerous. The police are involved and she needs requests. I don't have her name, but um handy with me, but we want to remember her. Cheryl Greg is her name. We'll pray for her. Very serious situation and they're asking for prayer for that. And then the sister Pasco, Sharon Pasco, what was that request? granddaughter for the granddaughter who remember her in prayer. Her granddaughter Sharon Pasco was there someone else. Yes. I don't remember about 50 pounds underweight and the Lord's really talked to him on the phone. He's doing real well. He's kept his faith in God. He's stood up for the Lord and his friends have turned their back on him and he's still maintaining. So, got a personal trainer helping him get some weight back on and he's doing real good. So, I just want to continue to pray that um you get raised up with a little bit of the message. You like know all those little brother Brown stories, the kids stories and I just pray that the Lord use that to bring him to a full revelation. Yes. Oh, thank the Lord for that. For our brethren, the Lord bringing him through that. Was there someone else that had a praise or prayer request? Yes. just a situation on the job. Situation on on your job there. I pray the Lord will bless our brother Sean. Was there someone else? Let's all stand to our feet and brother Edward. So good to have you. Good to see you. Yes, sister. Yes, brother Jim Alexander. Yes, brother Jim Alexander. Stroke. He had a stroke. I think he lost use on one side of his body or something. Fine, brother. He's a deacon. I've known him for many years. We'll pray for Brother Jim Alexander. Um the Lord will raise him up and strengthen him. But there's someone else that had a request they'd like to make known. Amen. We'll bring these requests before the Lord. Also, always pray for one another. Pray for me. I'll pray for you. pray for one another that the Lord would strengthen us in his word, fill us with the Holy Ghost, and be ready for his second coming and the rapture. Amen. So, God richly bless you. If you gain the whole world and you lose your soul, man, what a loss that would be. There's nothing more important than serving the Lord Jesus Christ. You know we you know we have many modern conveniences and some people don't have and it really doesn't matter the conveniences that we have or don't have is the main thing is are we in in line with the Lord Jesus Christ. That's the main thing that's really the most important thing is my life in line with him. So that's what we want to do. Let's sing that song. The only real peace that I have dear Lord is in you as we go to the Lord in prayer. The only real peace that I have, dear Lord, is in you. The only real peace that I have, dear Lord, is in you. With all life [Music] frustrations need you. I know I do. The only real peace I have, dear, Lord, is in you. Isn't that the truth tonight? Singing, "The only real peace that I have, Lord, is in you. The only real peace that I have, dear Lord, is in you. In all life, frustrations need you. I know I do. Only real peace Lord is in you. Amen. Let us pray. You can pray at your seat or pray right at the altar here. God bless you. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey. [Music] While on others thou are calling do not pass me. [Music] Amen. Pass me not, oh gentle savior, hear my humble cry. And while another stout falling, do not pass me by. That's my prayer tonight. Calling Savior, Savior, hear my humble cry. And while on others thou are [Music] calling, do not pass my and let me at thy throne of mercy. find a sweet relief and I'm nearly there in deep containing. [Music] Can we lift our hands and say, "Savior, [Music] Savior, Savior, hear my humble cry." And while on others thou are calling, do not pass me by. trusting only and I'm trusting only in thy mer would I seek thy faith heal me Lord heal my wounded broken [Music] spirit then save me by thy grace. Let's take that last verse. And thou the spring of all my comfort, Lord. You're more than life to me. The home have I on earth beside thee and home in heaven but deep. [Music] Savior, [Music] Savior, [Music] Savior, hear my humble cry. [Music] Followers calling do not pass. We'll sing that one more time. Savior will have brother Edward come and dismiss us in a word of prayer. Savior, [Music] Savior here, humble cry while others. Hallelujah. Lord, don't pass me by. Do not pass me by. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Brother Edward, see you. God bless you. Be back. Amen. God bless you all. Let's let's pray tonight. Dear Lord Jesus, heavenly father, Lord, those words, it's that song. Lord, oh, how we can just claim them, how we can identify with them, Lord, you're the spring of our comfort, Lord. More than life to us, Lord. Oh God, you're our savior, Lord. We thank you Lord for gathering us together in this place to hear from you Lord. How precious it is, Lord, and how passing everything else on this earth is. How fleeting, Lord, and how short-lived health will fail us, Lord. Our money, Lord, friends, popularity, fame, whatever it is, Lord, but there's one thing that won't, Lord, let us store up our our treasures on that other shore, Lord Jesus. You trust that our loved ones are there waiting for us, Lord. a crowd of many witnesses cheering us on tonight, Lord Jesus. Oh, not much farther to go now, but Lord, help us to finish the race strong. Thank you, Lord, for bringing back our our pastor, Lord, safe and sound. Thank you for blessing the the missionary trip, Lord. I know that you were in those meetings, Lord, and seeing the the records of that in video and and photo, Lord, and how you've just blessed those meetings, Lord Jesus. I just pray that you would go with each one of us, Lord. Keep us in the palm of your hand to do your will, Lord, to witness to a a stranger, Lord, and bring them in, Lord Jesus. Let us be your hands and feet at however long we're here for. That's our desire, Lord, tonight. And we just commit it to you, Lord, our way, each of our keeping, the church, Lord, and everyone in it, Lord Jesus. Bless those that could not be here, Lord, but streaming, Lord, and just restore them to health, Lord Jesus. Pray all these things in the precious name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you. Let's sing that old hymn, hold to God's unchanging hand. Time is filled with swift transition. Not the earth the most can build your hopes so things turn on. I'm going to hold to God's unchanging hand. Let us hold. Let us hold to God's unchanging [Music] hand. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Build hopes of things eternal. [Music] to God's unchanging hand and trust in him who will not leave [Music] you free. And if earthly friends were saved, still more closely to him clean. Oh, I'm going to hold to God's unchanging [Music] hand. Hold to God's unchanging hand. [Music] Build hope something eternal. [Music] to God's unchanging hand. Covenant not this world and cover not this world's fame riches that so rapidly [Music] decay seek to gain the heavens. They will never pass away. Shake somebody's hand and tell them, "Oh, to God's unchanging hand." I bless you with a lot. Good to see you. Hold to God's unchanging hand. I'm going to build all of my hopes on things eternal eternal. Oh, God's unchanging. When your journey is completely and when your journey is [Music] completed. Yeah. [Music] and ride the holy glory your salute one more time with all your heart let us hold to God's unchanging hand I'm going to hold Oh, God's unchanging hand. Let us build hopes on things turn. Hold to God's unchanging hand. One more time with all your heart. Let us hold to God's unchanging hand. I'm going to hold to God's unchanging [Music] hand. All things eternal. Oh, to God's unchanging hand. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Build your hopes on things eternal. Hold to God's unchanging hand. God bless you. You're dismissed. God be with you. Oh God's unchanging hand. When your journey when your journey is completed. Give to God. You have been true. There your home in glor [Music] glory [Music] go. Let us hold to God's unchanging hand. Let us [Music] hope for [Music] something. Oh, God's unchanging hand. [Music] Oh to God's unchanging hand. Oh god. Hope some things turn. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. Heat. Heat. N. Oh, hey. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
