################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-22 - Sunday Morning 06-22-25 - Pastor Israel Powe.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-22
Title:   Sunday Morning 06-22-25
Speaker: Pastor Israel Powe
Church:  Shalom Tabernacle Tucson
Type:    Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jOfwIATjmcs
========================================

Good morning everyone. Can we all stand? We'll open up in a word of prayer. Heavenly Father, we're thankful to be here this morning. Lord, to hear what you have for us, Father. Lord, as we continue with this Philadelphiaian church age, we pray, Father, that as they were told, they said you told them if they kept the word of your patience, you would keep them from the hour of temptation that would come upon the whole world, those that lived on the earth. Father, Lord, let that be our testimony, Father. Lord, that you'd keep us in all in every way that we have need. Father, help us to hear what the spirit would say unto the churches. We we take that ourselves, Father. We have ears to hear, Lord. So, open our ears, Father. And Lord, let us absorb. Let us be a part of, Father, what you want us to know today. And Lord, for the children's Sunday school class, those that may be on the way, we pray your safety. We pray your blessing on it all that everything that would be said and done in this church today. In the name of Jesus Christ, we ask. Amen. We'll be starting at paragraph 107 and we'll end after paragraph 145 and this is from Revelation chapter 3 7-13. Can we sing only believe and acapella's good but piano is even better. Amen. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible only. [Music] You may be seated, brother Brennan. Then when we got out of the city is amazing thing. I seen a a field out there and some man laying around and they had donkeys and cows and pigs and sheep and goats and everything out there. And I said, "Well, what's them guys out there?" He said, "Shepherds." And I said, "A shepherds hering donkeys." And he said, "Yes, sir." Well, I said, "I I thought shepherd just meant sheep." He said, "No, shepherd is a herder, grazer. Over your country, they call them cowboys and and things like that." Oh, I see. A shepherd is a herder. Yes. He watches the herd. That's right. He said the strange thing is at night time where you striking you being a minister, I might tell you something. He said when night time comes, it's true. He pastors every one of them, leads them around and helps them and see if they get good things to the day. But when nighttime comes, the all the the mules and the donkeys and the the camels and whatever he's got is left out into the field. But he rounds up the sheep and takes them to the corral. Oh, I said, "Lord, make me a sheep, whatever you do." Or when the nighttime comes, I want to go into the sheepfold. Amen. entering at the door. Come by the door. John 17 uh7 you're he said I am 10:7 rather he said I am the door to the sheep oh all that ever come before me is thieves and robbers but the sheep did not hear them I am the door by me if any man enters in he shall be saved and shall go in and out and find pasture. Now I set before this church between the Philadelphia age and the lady overseeing age a door. Oh, do you get it now? Got your thinking caps on real good and tight? Listen now. This is good. I tell you it's honey in a rock. Just get them nuggets out and shine them up. I am the door to the sheepfold. What is that door that was set? Now let's go back in our minds and from that great missionary age of the Methodist and swept through the country with the message of sanctification. Luther through justification. Wesley come along with the message of sanctification. And at the end of the Methodist age, the end tough roots and begin to come a great organization. And when any church, now listen, that's strong. But I want someone to show me anywhere through the gleanings of history, any church that God ever raised up, come up the Pentecostal way without any organization. And as soon as it organized, it died. Amen. And never raised again. Amen. Oh, the membership went on. But they never had a revival. Amen. Luther's revival never raised and neither did Methodist revival ever raised. And neither will a Pentecostal revival ever raised. No sir, they organized it which God said in the church ages. He hates that thing. A doctrine of the nickels. Now remember, we're not talking against anybody. That good people is scattered. God's sheep is in all places out there. That is true. That's right. Methodists, Baptists, whatever they are, they're God's people. If they are born again of the spirit of God, they're God's people. But the organizations has cranked them down and packed letter from Methodist Baptist to Camelite and so forth. So they wore the letters out, just packed it from place to place. All right. How the Lord said now at the end of that age, I am the door to the sheepfold. Now what door was opened about Jesus just between these two ages? 196 about when the Methodist age and and and Dwight Moody and them faded from the scene there come forth a break forth of the people receiving the Holy Ghost speaking with tongues and things come back into the church. It's about right in about 196 along in there. All right. What took place then after that be to come along the first thing you know they organized the old general council which went in now called the assemblies of God. Amen. See of that church that was left over. And what taken place then? He said an open door. An open door. Let's just read it now. Catch it word by word just the way he brings it thing. Behold, let's see. No man shutth before thee an open door. Show this side. I know thy works. Behold, I set before thee an open door and no man can shut it a open door. What was it? It was the revelation of the supreme deity of Jesus Christ. Not being a second person of a trinity, but being God himself made flesh and dwelling among us. And the revelation, if you notice just a minute, let's just read just a little bit farther. Shut it. Has a little strength and has not denied my name. The first time the name's been spoke of now since back in this age back here. Amen. Lost his name. And Luther come out with a name that he was alive and was dead. Amen. Is that right? Father, Son, Holy Ghost. Here comes out the name of Jesus again in between these two ages here. Amen. Amen. in between the open door. Now it's a revelation what he was the deity the revelations of his. Now that's what he revealed at the very first church age. Now watch as John saw him standing the seven golden candlesticks. He was standing with his hands out. Here's the first candlestick. Second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh. with his hands out in the form of the cross. He said, "I am alpha and omega." Amen. In other words, I'll be supreme in the first. I'll be supreme in the last. The light rises in the east and sets in the west. It's been a dismal dark time, but it shall be light in the evening time. The same gospel power that raised up here on the one hand at the east has shined over and now in the other hand at the west. Alpha and omega. I'm A and I am Z in his hand. You get it? Amen. Now what did he do in the first chapter of Revelations? He revealed his supreme deity to the first church Ephesus. Is that right? Amen. But I notice every one of these churches coming down the new year, he revealed himself in deity only in his glorified form. But on this last one, he becomes Z back to the original beginning again. Say the first and the last, the first age, now the last age. For he said, I am the first and the last. And but you say, how did that happen? What followed that forth? It was a revelation. Many of you received it because his in I'm going to say something now. Look, his entire church is built upon divine revelations of himself. Amen. Is that right? You don't believe that? Let's turn to Matthew 16:18. You'll see just in a minute that the whole revelation is built upon himself. his whole church is built upon the revelations of himself. Now let's begin here uh at the let's begin let's say about the 14th verse then they said some say thou art John the Baptist the question Jesus said un of course the sister of Philippi and asked his disciples saying who do a man say I the son of man am 13th verse and that's 16:13 now and they said now watch here's the first place of the church Jesus Jesus ever spoke of in the on into the revelations is an at last. And he said, "Some say thou art John the Baptist and some Elias and others Jeremiah and other and and are one of the prophets." He said unto them, the whole entire group, "But whom say ye that I am?" And Simon Peter answered and said, "Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God." Amen. Oh my. And Jesus answered and said unto him, "Blessed art thou, Simon Simon uh Barjonas, flesh and blood has not revealed this to thee, but my father which is in heaven." Oh my. You never got this from a seminary. There was no other way you ever got this, Simon the son of Jonas. The only way you got it was a spiritual revelation that was revealed to you from heaven that I am he. Jesus said, "If you don't believe I'm he, you'll die in your sins." I am he. I say unto thee, thou art Peter, upon this rock I'll build my church, and the gates of hell can't prevail against me. What is it? Spiritual. Spiritual. The spiritual truth. the word of the Lord. Now, we find out that in this great revelation that God gave here to the church in its last days that God sent and revealed to himself the open door between the two ages. It wasn't in the the lady of CN age. Neither was it in this other age, the Philadelphiaian age, but it was in between the lapover called the I'll prove it just a little further down. You'll get it. You see? Well, make it just so sure that you can't keep from seeing it if you just want to see it. See? All right. Now, the revelation of himself is where he's built his church. How many knows that to be true now? Amen. He built his church upon the revelation of himself. All right. Now, what did he say? No man can shut it. Amen. Amen. I know I work. Behold, I set before thee an open door. What is the open door? The revelation of the supreme deity of Jesus Christ. Amen. What did he say to his first church back here back in this age? He said, "I am he that was, which is, and shall come. I am the first and the last. I am the Almighty." He said it three different times. Made himself deity to this first church here. Before he went into the last church age, he said, "I set before you an open door." If you want to see the revelation, here it is. Amen. Where you build this church. And the only way he could take his church is back to the revelation of what he is. Amen. Amen. Truly. Look, when Abraham made a covenant, God made a covenant with Abraham that day that he said, "How will these things be sealed? I'm old and my only heir is is this uh uh Damascus servant I've got here." Ezar said, "I'm old. You promised me a child. How will you do it? How will it be done? And remember, he went to sleep. A deep sleep fell upon him like every man does. Death. And then he noticed before he went a a smoking furnace. Every sinner deserves to go to hell. He had killed the beast, a heer, a sheep, a goat, and a ram, and a turtle dove, and a pigeon. He never separated the turtle dove and pigeon. And then this little white light went before there and went back and forth between these cut pieces of animal confirming the covenant with Abraham. Now in Japan, if there happens to be a Japanese person here, you know how they make a covenant in Japan? They throw salt on one another. Get a little crucial salt and sit down there. They talk, will you do so and so? Yeah, I'll do so and so. And they make a covenant, get some salt and throw it on one because salt is a preserver. See? All right. They throw salt on one another. That's a covenant in America. How we make a covenant here, we say, "Well, will you do a certain thing? I'll do a certain thing." First thing you know, we shake one of those hands, shake on it. That's a covenant. But in the orient, the way they made a covenant, they wrote up something and they wrote out a contract and they killed a beast in the time of Abraham. They cut that beast open and stood in between it, wrote this contract and tore it like this. One tuck one piece and one the other. And then they stuck an oath that let their bodies be like this dead beast if they fail to keep this contract. And now the only way that this contract can ever be you can never duplicate it. It's got to come right back exactly the same thing joined together. Now what was God showing Abraham what he's going to do? That he was going to take Abraham's seed through Isaac down to Jesus. Amen. and he took him up on Calvary and there he tore him apart. He tore the spirit out of him away from the body. He raised up the body and set it on the right hand of the man on high and sent back the Holy Spirit to the church. That's the covenant of God apart. We got the spirit. He's got the body. Amen. And when he comes back together, the spirit is in us joins with him as bride. Amen. Not any denomination hooked into it at all. Amen. No sir, it's purely unadulterated Holy Spirit birth. That's all. Amen. That's the covenant. Now, now we find out that he said, "I set before you an opened door." Now, I don't care how many manmade organizations comes up for denominations. Even the gates of hell can't shut it. Only one way to be to join it. That's all. You can't join it. So, it has to be born into it. time. So there's nobody can ever stop that message of supreme deity in the baptism in the name of Jesus Christ. The gates of hell will never prevail against it. You say, "How do you know it's right?" It's exactly with the word and no one else can say nothing about it. Exactly. It's the word. No place where anybody's baptized. Name of Father, Son, Holy Ghost. This great St. Paul, the angel of Ephesus, commissioned every person that had not been baptized, no matter how you've been baptized. If you never been baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, he commissioned to come and be baptized over again in the name of Jesus Christ. He said, "If an angel from heaven comes teaching anything else, let him be a cursed." So you can see what the angel comes in this last days, what kind of message he's going to have when he comes out. We may be leading it up to him, but I'm telling you, when he comes, he'll preach the baptism in the name of Jesus Christ. You don't need you come around tomorrow night. Let's show you through the scripture. He certainly will. And the circumcision of the heart and divine miracles and workings of powers just like they had on the day of Pentecost. The very original Pentecostal blessing will come right back to that little remnant. If they take it up down, that contract will be just exactly like it was when I off in the first place. Oh, I love you. I'm so glad. So glad. I I can't express it hard enough. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one. I'm so glad. I just wish all my brethren was like that. I just wish that I could have my brothers and sisters out here. My precious friends out in the world to see this great thing. I I I would I'd be willing tonight. God knows this. I got a little boy, Joseph, raising a little girl, Sarah Rebecca. A lovely wife that I hate to leave. But if I know that my brethren across the people that I know in this world could accept that and believe it, be filled with the Holy Ghost, I'd be ready to go right now. Exactly right. Oh, if I could just And you can't. If you talk gentle, they think like you're trying to put something over on them and and there's only one thing to do. That's stay right with the word and nail it down. That's exactly right. Stay right with it. Oh, how I love him. a revelation of himself, his supreme deity. What did he do it? Just can't leave it somehow. He revealed it in the church of Ephesus. Is that right? And that was when the light first broke through the shine of the Christian light. Is that right? The Holy Ghost age started right here at Ephesus. And the prophet said there would come a day that wouldn't be night or day, but in the evening the light would come back again. You see it? Amen. See this day of dismal come across through all this your dismal organizations and everything but in the last days over here way down here he'd set that open door. Jesus said I'm that door. Amen. Did you ever hear him say, "I am the gate. I am the way." Amen. The truth and the life. See, did you ever hear him say, "Straight is the gate." Amen. And narrow is the way. Did you ever notice how that straight was spelled? Amen. Amen. S T R A I T. Water. Straight means a water spelled like that. R I G HD. See, straight water is the way. That water is the gate and narrow is the way. What is the water? The gate, the door. See the open in the name of the Lord Jesus is the way to the water. Straight is the gate, narrow is the way that Jesus water is the gate in the name of the Lord Jesus entering in. Repent every one of you and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins and you shall receive as you look towards Calvary the gift of the Holy Ghost. Amen. For the promise is unto you and to your children. Some of them said just for the apostles for you and to your children and to them that's far off even as many as the Lord our God shall ever call. That's all. Many as the Lord our God shall call. the promises to everyone if you'll come the same way the prescription reads. [Music] [Music] day. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] You [Music] every day. I know. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] We are [Music] glory. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I worship him. [Music] Well, when I come into his presence, I humble myself. I lift up both my hands and I begin to worship him. I worship him. for all he has done for me. He's redeemed and sets me free [Music] and because just because [Music] he is God. Let's stand as we sing the next verse. When I come into his presence, I humble myself, remembering what he's done. All the victories he has won. So I'll praise him. All I will praise him. Let's sing that one more time. Yes. When I come into his presence, I humble myself remembering what he's done. All the victories he has won. So I'll praise him. Yes, I will. I will praise him for all he has done for me. He's redeemed and set me free. And because just because. Oh, it's because. Just because. Yes, it's because. [Music] Just because you are God [Music] and you are not a God created by human hands. You are not a God dependent on any mortal man. You are not a God in need of anything we can give by your plan. That's just the way it is. Sing that one more time. No, you are not a God created by human hands. You are not a God dependent on any mortal man. You are not a God in need of anything we can give by your plan. That's just the way it is. You are God alone from before time began. You are on your throne. You are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad you are on your throne. You are God alone. the second verse now. And you're the only God whose power none can contend. You're the only God whose name and praise will never end. You're the only God who's worthy of everything we can give. You are God. That's just the way it is. You are God alone. From before time began. You are on your throne. You are God of all. Right now, Lord, right now in the good times and bad, you are on your throne. Brother Chris, would you come open our service with a word of prayer? You're unchangeable. You're unchangeable. You're unshakeable. You're unstoppable. That's what you are. You're unchangeable. You're unshakeable. You're unstoppable. Oh, that's what you are. You are God alone from before time began. You are on your throne. You are God alone and right now in the good times and bad. You are on your throne. You are God alone. [Music] Dear Lord Jesus, what a great God you are. Lord, in the world right now, you're just making things happen, Lord Jesus. We're saying, Lord, the end of time, Lord Jesus, we thank you, Lord, for giving us this message, Lord, so we can tell what time it is. Dear Lord Jesus. Dear Lord, be with us today in this service. Lord, fill us with your Holy Spirit. Lord, reveal your word to us, Lord. Feed us, Lord. Strengthen us, Lord. Dear heavenly father, hear our prayers, Lord. Meet our needs, Lord. You are our great God, Lord, and we love you so much, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. We ask this in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. Oh, we'll see. How great, how great is our God. Sing that one more time. Oh, how great. Oh, how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. All will see how great how great is our God. The splendor of the king clothed in majesty. [Music] The splendor of the king [Music] clothed in majesty. Let all the earth rejoice. Let all the earth rejoice. All ye wraps himself in light. Oh, and darkness tries to hide, but it trembles at his voice. Yes, it trembles at his voice. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. Oh, we'll see. How great, how great is our God. You can be seated if you'd like as we sing the second verse. Age to age he stands. Age to age he stands. And time is in his hand. Is the beginning and the end. The beginning and the end. [Music] The Godhead three in one. His father's spirit son is the lion and the lamb. He's the lion and the lamb. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. Oh, we'll see how great how great is our God. He's the name above all names. He is the name above all names. He's worthy of my praise. My heart will sing. How great is our God. Just tell him one more time. Oh, how great, how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. Oh, will see how great how great is our God. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Draw me close to you. Never let me go. Never let me go. [Music] I lay it all down again. [Music] To hear you say that I'm your friend. You are my desire. You are my desire. How many can say that this morning? Lord, no one else will do. No one else will do. [Music] Cuz nothing else could take your place [Music] to feel the warmth of your embrace. Lord, help me find a way. Lord, bring me back to you. You are all I want. You're all I've ever needed. [Music] You're all I want. Help me know you are. Tell him that one more time. Lord, you're all I want. Yes, you're all I want. Oh, you're all I've ever needed. You're all I want. Help me know you. Could we just ask him? Sing that verse again. Lord, draw me close to you. Draw me close to you. [Music] Never let me go. I lay it all down again just to hear you say that I'm your friend. Lord, you're my desire. You are my desire. [Music] No one else will do and no one else can take your place. just to feel the warmth of your embrace. Help me find a way. Help me find a way. Lord, bring me back to you. Tell him now, Lord, you're all I want. Yes, you're all I want. You're all I need. You're all I ever needed. [Music] Lord, you're all I want. Help me know you are near. [Music] Yes. Help me know you are near. Help me know you are near [Music] and all he wants is you. Surrender to him this morning. No one else will do. Not just a part and not just a part. He wants all of your heart. All he wants is all of you. All he wants is you. All he wants is me. All he wants is me. Don't hold anything back from him today. Unreserve it. [Music] and God just upon he wants all of my heart. All he wants is all of me. All he wants. Let's stand as the deacons come to take the request this morning. Yes. All he wants is you. No one else will do. No one else will do. [Music] And not just upon. He wants all of your heart. All he wants is all of you. All he wants is you. Amen. [Music] Good morning, saints. God bless you. Sure. Happy to be in church this morning. For a Sunday school report, we had $7 in offering. A little lighter on the attendance this morning. Lots traveling. So, six children, five Bibles. So, we're thankful for them. We're thankful for the teachers. Be in prayer for them for sure. didn't have any needs turned in, but we're still missing our precious sister Lorie Snow, brother Randy this morning, uh the Figuro, Brother Bob recovering, many traveling. So hold up one another in prayer this morning as we go to heaven. Dear God, we're so thankful to be in church. We see the signs of the times, Lord. We know that Israel is the time piece, Brother Ben Renham said. And so it makes us just know that you're coming soon. We want to be ready, Lord. So we come to church to worship you and then that you'd speak to our hearts. May our ears be open to hear from heaven this morning. Something for ourselves, something we could take home, something to inspire and courage, give us courage, Lord, for the journey, for uh the testimony of our co-workers and those around us we might be able to share the gospel with. Lord, we pray for courage for those opportunities that we could be a light in this late hour. Lord, we're so thankful you've placed us here. You've given us your perfect word, Lord. And maybe just live that sermon, Lord, that billboard of the gospel today. We miss Sister Lori, Brother Bob and their families. Know that brother Tim took a spell. Amalong, Lord. And we pray you just continue to heal him and bless him, his family. These traveling, we miss them each one. We commit them to you, Lord. Our families, those still out and about, maybe in the world, Lord, that need to come in. We pray for mercy for time for those, but let us get cleaned up and ready to go for your coming is soon. Love you and thank you Lord. The tithes and offerings as we collect it, may it go for the furtherance of the gospel is our prayer. Love you and thank you in Jesus precious and wonderful name. All God's people say amen. Amen. Brother Joe had mentioned our friend Tim Amalong. Tim and I have been friends since elementary school. Kings were talking to us about that. How did you and Tim become friends? We used to ride the school bus together to the Christian school that Tucson Tabernacle had growing up. And Tim and I have been good friends over the years. And so the Lord was merciful to him. He's got a long road to recovery. He had a fall off of his fuel tanker truck on Thursday morning, fell over backwards, hit his head. Um he fractured his C1 vertebrae at the base of the neck. And so he's he's uh in a neck brace now and will be in that for 6 to 8 weeks and they're just uh believing he won't have to have surgery on it. So just continue to keep him in prayer. It's a just what I've been through. What I can't do that I'd like to do over the last 6 to 8 weeks. I've had full mobility for the most part, but Tim's not going to be able to to move his head up, down, sideways. So just keep him in prayer. Keep Stephanie in prayer. The whole family. So amen. God is is good. He's faithful. Amen. Let's sing that chorus if we could. Who I am, Lord. Oh, glorious victory. Oh, glorious victory. That day he set me free and made my heart his very throne. My life is no longer mine. I'm a prisoner of love divine. And now I live [Music] to praise his name. Oh, who I am, Lord. Who I am. Oh, I can see now just who I am. A part of my savior, a part of his word. It's a revelation of who I am. On Calvary, he died to redeem his lost bride. The king of kings became my savior. This is God's great mystery of love expressed to me that Christ had died might be made one. Oh, who I am, Lord. Who I am. Oh, I can see now just who I am. A part of my savior, a part of his word. It's a revelation. [Music] It's predestination. It's a revelation of who I am. Amen. You can be seated as you'd like. We'll sing a chorus before our pastor comes out and just let the musicians continue to play after we've sung the song. He brought me out of the miry clay. He set my feet on the rock to stay. My heart was distressed Jehovah's dread crown. Though in the pit where my sins drag me down, I cried to the Lord from the deep my reclaim who tenderly brought me out to golden day. Oh, he brought me out on the myy. Yes, he puts a song in my soul to sing. He puts a song in my soul today. It's a song of praise. Hallelujah. He placed me on a strong rock. He placed me upon the strong rock by his side. My steps were established. And here all abide. I have no danger of falling. Here I remain, but I'll stand by his grace until that crown I gave. Oh, he brought me out of the merry clay. Oh, he set my feet on the rock to stay. He puts a song in my soul today. It's a song of praise. Hallelujah. And he gave me a song was a new song of grace. By day and by night is sweet notes I will raise. My heart overflowing. Happy and free. I will praise my redeemer who has rescued me. for he brought me out of the mighty land. Yes, he set my feet on the rock to stay. Was a song in my soul today. The song of and I'll sing of his wonderful mercy to me. I will sing of his wonderful mercy to me. I'll praise him till all men his goodness shall sing. Salvation at home and abroad. Till many shall hear the truth and trust in God. He brought me out of the fiery gl. He set my feet on the rock to stay. He puts a song in my soul today. It's a song of praise. Let's sing that chorus together one more time. Oh, he brought me out of the mighty thing. He set my feet on the rock to stay. He puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. Let's all clap together one time. [Music] Amen. Let's all clap together. Follow me if we would one time. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Song of praise. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, [Music] [Music] [Music] hey. [Music] [Music] Oh, heat. [Music] [Music] Amen. Amen. Let's bow our heads for a word of prayer. Lord Jesus, we thank you, Father, for bringing us together once again, Lord. Lord, it's you that has brought us safely thus far in our Christian journey. And Lord Jesus, we ask you to come now and speak to our hearts once again. Minister the words of life down in our souls, Lord, that we can grow in your grace and your mercy. Father, we love you this morning. We commit the service into your care, oh God, and each one that's gathered here. May the Holy Spirit take full control, Lord Jesus. Father, we need you. We need you every hour of our life. And Lord, we thank you for all your many blessings. We come under expectations, Lord, with our hearts looking to thee, not to a man, not to a group, but we look to you, Lord, that takes away our sins and knows exactly what we have need of every moment of our life. And Father, meet those needs today supernaturally. Lord, speak to every heart in the spirit is our prayer. It's in Jesus name we ask. Father, amen. Amen. Well, God bless you, saints. So good to be in the house of the Lord with you today. It's always a privilege to be gathered in his name. Amen. How many of you are happy to be here? God bless you. We welcome you to the house of the Lord. We welcome each of you. Um, let me say thank the Lord for uh all of his grace and mercy to us. I want to remember we're going to have an adult Bible study starting coming up this um the next few days or weeks or so. And we'd like to make that available to any of the newcomers, people that are baptized and even the old-timers would be welcome to be a part of that. If you have some friends that you want to to um introduce them to the word in a a more informal way, we'll make that available. Amen. And so, how many ever been a part of a home Bible study? Oh, they get so much further. They take you a little deeper sometimes than a church service. And so, how many's ever been in a Bible study? How many's never been in a Bible study? So, everybody's been in a Bible study. You, brother, you never been in a Bible study. Okay, Brother Ben. All right. But it's so nice coming in. You know, when I first came in the message, you'd hear these great deeper things, Brother Zach, and you hear them and you didn't know the terminology. What is he talking about? What is he saying? Well, then my good friend, Brother Fred, who's just crossed over, he he'd had those he'd have those Bible studies in his home and they were just profoundly um beneficial to me because then I can ask questions. Then I can say, "What are they saying? What are they talking about? What's a third pull? What's a second pull? What are these brothers talking about? They're shouting. I want to shout, too. But I can't shout if I don't understand what's being said." And so this message is so deep and so great. It becomes common to us, especially particularly you that were raised in it. You know the terminology and what this picture is up here for. You know the history behind it. When you have a person off the streets and they come here for the first time and they see something like like what's that cloud in the entrance? What are these you know all the sisters are dressed as certain? What's going on here? And it's nice to in a nice comfortable setting with a donut or something and a cup of coffee, talk about these deeper things in a Bible study. So, we want to make that available. I think it's our duty to um offer that to the people. Amen. So, God bless you richly. I'm so happy to be here with you again. We Levi and I, we took a couple days. We were up in uh Canada during this week and we did some fishing and cooled down just a little bit. And so we're back well rested, ready to go another 100,000 miles. All right. And so, um, but we'll be gone again this weekend. So, I skipped last Wednesday. I'll be here this Wednesday, but I won't be here Sunday. And, um, but you'll be in capable hands of the brothers. Brother Joe always does a great job. And the elders here and the saints there in Mesa and Phoenix. God bless them richly. I missed two services. I'm going to miss a third there in Mesa. So, I just my, you know, when I don't go to the Mesa church on Thursday. I'm here Wednesday, then I go there Thursday. When I don't go, I'm just at home twiddling my thumbs. I'm bored. And so, you you all pray for me that the Lord will always give me strength. And I appreciate that. But if I don't go, what am I doing at home? Okay. And so there's always work to be do work to be done. And if the Lord gives me more strength to add another service like on a Friday night and cast a grand maybe who will go with me to cast a grand. So God bless you. The work is urgent. The work is great. And we'll get our rest in the grave. We get to sleep when we die. But today is the day of the living. We have strength. We have our youth. We have our intelligence. Go get it. Go run after it with all of your heart. The Lord has given us a great message. Is that right? And so we're glad to proclaim it. Count it a privilege to be with you. Brother Ferguson is 75 years old. And and him and brother Hume uh what's his name? Brother Hugh, Gerald Hughes are built of the same cloth almost. They're older, but they've never stopped. And if the Lord would give me that energy at 75, oh my, I'll be so grateful. But it's almost like if you build yourself up to staying busy for the Lord, he'll give you the strength to to do just that. And so we want to wear out, not rust out. And so many Christians sit on the pews rusting out. And we got a lot of young men, young young talent coming up. We want to use that talent and that energy in way that the Lord would see fit that he would be gloried, honorified, and he'd be praised. Amen. So, God bless you all richly. So happy to be home with you here today. I enjoyed the Father's Day uh service and that uh um the the cookout and the the celebration, the singing. It was just so nice. And the brother, young brother, one brother sent uh brother Robson a text of the experience he had and how it blessed him. the singing, that gentleman that comes in the back there, his name escapes me right now. But he was so blessed by it and he really summed it up very well. That was in my heart, too. I just really was encouraged by that and always enjoy coming together, getting together with the saints. Amen. So, let's all stand to our feet and we'll go into the the word of the Lord this morning. We always want to pray for our young people. Pray for them. Pray for the elders. Pray for your pastor. Pray for the deacons. Pray for one another. Pray for the ones you would normally think to pray for. Just call their name out in prayer because we all need prayer. Amen. We all need more of his grace and mercy to us. We like to take our scripture found in Galatians chapter 4 just for a moment and we'll take one or two verses there. Galatians chapter 4 Galatians in the New Testament, right? Yes. Galatians chapter 4 verse number one. Now I say that the heir, as long as he is a child, differereth nothing from a servant, though he be lord of all, but is under tutorers and governors until the time appointed of who? Of the father. Even so we, when we were children, were in bondage under the elements of the world. But when the fullness of time was come, God sent forth his son, made of a woman, made under the law, to redeem them that were under the law, that we might receive the adoption of sons. Amen. Let's take let's take one more scripture over speaking of this adoption that we're predestinated to in Ephesians chapter 1. Ephesians chapter 1 and verse number Five, having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will. Let's sing let's let's say it all together. Verse number five. having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will to the praise of the glory of his grace wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved. Amen. Let us pray. Lord Jesus, we ask your blessings on the reading of your word. Lord, we know that one word from you is all any mortal needs to hear. And as you taught us to pray, give us today our daily bread. And we pray, Lord, that you'll give us our daily portion today. speak to our hearts in a great way, Lord, in just one phrase or one sentence or several words or several sentences, whatever we can contain. Lord, let us receive it today. It's in Jesus' name we pray. We know that man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word. And Lord, we come feasting on the body of the word of God. It's in Jesus name we ask. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. Now, last week we spoke on the abba father on father's day. We were talking about how in the old testament this order of the adoption was that a son was born into a family and after being born into the family after 8 days that child would be circumcised. The male child be circumcised. This was the law that God instituted with Abraham, carried over through with Moses and the children of Israel. It actually was the sign that separated them from all the other nations. This sign of circumcision, it showed that they were in covenant with the great God who instituted it. Now, why does it matter? What is the big deal? what was the purpose of it? Well, these are the things that are in God's uh great infinite mind in wisdom. And we don't always understand why such technicalities would be instituted by God. And they're very serious, too. So much so that it would cut a man off from God if he didn't go through this circumcision. also his laws of resting on the Sabbath day and many other laws that were very serious. And the Lord told Israel, "Six days you work, the seventh day you rest, don't work." And one man just so happened to be out gathering sticks on the Sabbath day. And the children of Israel captured him. They got this man and they said, "Lord, what shall we do with him?" to to Moses and Moses went to the Lord and the Lord said Moses he must be stoned with stones. So they put this man to death. Could you imagine put this man to death for working on the what was he gathering sticks on the Sabbath day and we know everything is open on Sundays today. I mean, God knew that that would be done away with at one time, and he knew in his great wisdom that the day of the week really wouldn't matter, but under this covenant, it did matter. And God is very precise. And what he says, he means that. And even if we think we're so wise and our well, it doesn't matter. What difference does it make? It's just one little detail. What what difference does it make? I'm going to say this here. If you see it in God's word as a warning to you, if you hear it in one place in the scripture or on one tape of this message, then you need to take heed to that. I don't care what the pastor highlights or doesn't highlight. If you read it in God's word for yourself, and you know that it's in God's word, either in the scripture or in this message, you should take heed to that. and don't wait for everybody else to get on board because God showed you that scripture. And it's in this discipline that we always want to walk with the Lord that it's between us and God. And I like this prayer. I heard an old Methodist pastor pray it and I and I really it really resonated with me that if if Lord if you show me what your will is then I will do it. And so if the Lord takes his time to show you then you it's on you now to do what he shows you. Remember there's lots and numbers and numbers of people that are slaying themselves at some altar. The Buddhists, the Muslim man, the Maria Krishna man, the Indians and all of the uh Indian eastern religions that these people are giving their life for truth. Worshiping the sun, worshiping the animals, worshiping in all kind of ways they think to approach God. And here God reveals the truth to you and I. What a privileged people we ought to be. And I really believe with all my heart that if God shows me a truth, then I need grace to follow in that truth. I don't want to make excuses for it. I don't want to do it because somebody else is doing it. I don't want to not do it because nobody else is doing it. I want to walk in what the Lord shows me. And he'll do that to a man or a woman. Pastor, preacher, a nobody, newcomer, it doesn't matter. I can show you many examples out of the scriptures where anybody who takes God at his word, he would honor them. So that includes you today. You're just as important as anybody else. You say, "Well, I'm not in the front and I'm just a sister. I'm one of the brothers. I don't they don't ask me to pray and I'm never led." Doesn't that has nothing to do with it? God recognizes faith. And when you have faith and you take God at his word there, there's no seniority in here. Like I I got baptized. I've been here the longest, so I got the most clout. No, no, no, no, no. If you have faith, that will please God. And that's the kind of God that we serve. He's no respector of persons or nations or kind of people. He's he respects his word. And so we we looked at this process of the birth and how Abraham and this great circumcision was instituted after the eighth day. And then there was a period of time where this child would be under tutorers or teachers or governors. And I remember some time back there was an article, this is years ago, where they had these um athletes that would graduate from high school and enter into college and couldn't even read because the tutors, they're so caught up in meeting the quota that everybody would graduate. So they need so many numbers to graduate in order to keep their funding intact to show that our school is doing well. All of our seniors graduated. All of the 10th graders, 11th graders, they all graduated. So you have this, you know, this little uh manipulation. Your child, your student is not getting it. He's not learning. But because you're old and you need to graduate anyways, we're going to go ahead and give you this diploma as though you have graduated. Well, with the kingdom of God is not so. The tutorer of our day is the Holy Spirit. And if we are predestinated to adoption, then wouldn't couldn't we say that every test and every trial that we go through is related to the adoption? Couldn't we say that? Amen. You think it's just about this, I need more patience or I need more love. It is all related to the adoption. Why? Because we're predestinated to it. Our future is the adoption. What is the adoption? It's you finding your position and the father placing you in your position. That's man, that's woman, that's brothers and sisters, that's ministry, that's young people, that's whoever you are. It's finding your position in the kingdom of God. So this great adoption and being under a tutorer, being under a teacher, being under um this great one that's trying to to bring you to to the place where you can be placed with that authority. How many of you are interested in that? It's called the father's business, not everybody else's business. Facebook is talking about everybody else's business. Instagram is somebody else's business, but we're talking about the father's business today. That's in God's word. Amen. 5:00 news, everybody else's business. Fox News, everybody else's business. But this right here we're talking about is the father's business. And a child was born into a family and he was put under tutors and governors. How many of you are being put under a tutor? Well, if you're a son or daughter of God, you have one today. Somebody's trying to teach you something. Somebody's trying to get you something, but we falling asleep in our class. And then when it come time for the finals, we just want to find out what's going to be on the test, what's what's the important part. All of it was important, right? We're under this time of tutors and governors. Amen. And so, let's hear what the prophet says. I'm going to go back just a little bit from last week on and read from the adoption number four. And this was um 1960 paragraph 104. Brother Brandon says this here. Thus sayeth the Lord, it'll take perfect love to put you in that place, for that's all there was there. No matter what money, how much religious demonstrations, how much many good deeds you done or whatever you done, that won't count nothing on that day. It'll take perfect love. So whatever you do, lay aside everything else until you are just so filled with the love of God till you can love those who hate you. So brother Bham has this tremendous experience that we in the message we talk about a lot him going beyond the curtain of time. It is so profound an experience that we can't preach a funeral like maybe the worldly people would preach it because we have one of our own that went beyond the curtain of time and showed us what it was like when you cross over. What kind of bodies are we in? What um what was our desire? What was our position? And and all those things. And here, brother Brandham has this great experience. And while he was in the hospital preparing to go overseas, he uh took this Ephesians 4 and took this series on the adoption. And he brings this out to us. Adoption one, two, three, and four. And with that experience in his heart, in his mind, he presents that to us about this perfect love is the capstone that we're all trying to reach to. It's not perfect knowledge. It's not knowing more than everyone. It is about having perfect love that we all must have. And the scriptures tells us that we are predestinated to the adoption. Now the prophet shows us that in this process after the birth after the circumcision that that son is just a regular child he's under tutors and governors for a period of time. There's a season that he's being tested on every level. He says that Jesus was tested for 30 years and then three years he was under hard testing like the finals would say. And this um this great proving time, this great testing ground, it's it's your attitude towards a father's business. It's not your attitude towards church per se or against this brother or that one or that doctrine per se, although all those things are included, but it's really our attitude towards the father's word and what his business is as it pertains to our life. Amen. Some of us should be some of us probably should be further along than what we are today if we'll be real honest. I can be honest and say I missed a lot of time, a lot of years just peeling and spinning in circles and things that didn't matter. Allowing people that are not even eternal to get me upset. Situations that are not eternal causing me stress. people, problems, issues that are surrounding me that are not even in the great eternities of the most high God. But yet God allows that to perfect us. And hopefully by his grace, he will waken us to our purpose here on the earth. And then we'll get interested in the father's business. Then when you're interested in the father's business, you don't have you don't need a team of people to encourage you along. You don't need someone to make sure you're reading your Bible and praying every day. The Holy Spirit, the tutor, is the one that wants you to read your Bible and pray every day. It's the Holy Spirit that's watching you over every test, over every trial. And if we are predestinated to adoption, couldn't we say that every test and every trial is connected to that adoption? Can we say that that's the main goal for the believer? It's not just eternal life. It's not just being baptized. It's not just being a Christian, but I'm talking about an adopted son placed with a position and the authority carrying out the father's work. That's what the believer is striving for today. And so the prophet brings this to uh and he gives highlights of it. Let me take this one in everlasting life in 1954. And he says this here, paragraph 111. He says, "But when you stay in the kingdom, stay in the gospel, stay right, one of these days, God will call you out and set you aside, adopt you as his son before the people and give you something that will shake the nations with it." See what I mean? It's the adoption into the family. He continues on in adoption. Um um number four, paragraph number 46. And he says, yeah, I'm sorry. This is in um what was the Holy Ghost given for? In paragraph number 46, he says, "Now in the Old Testament, when this baby was born, they watched it to see how it was behaved." Behavior. So this behavior is the time that's allowed it. The school teacher and this school teacher was the best he could find so that he'd be truthful and tell the father the truth about it. And as I was saying about these these athletes and these students that were being put forward and they were given the you know the the ceremony of being graduated and they get the diploma and the degree and the reason why many times they would pushed him through is because like I said the quota was for to every so many people would graduate or if he was gifted or talented in football or basketball or baseball then they wouldn't didn't really focus on his studies as much because we got to win the state championship, brother John. And we can't have our star player being taken out because of his grades. And so there's a little manipulation when you're dealing with man. Sometimes I've seen it with my own two eyes where people will come in and they appear to be spiritual. And I seen a young man come into the church just for a year or so. And he said all the right things. He did all the things that looked like he was in the word. And wasn't long that he was in the pull pit preaching. And he wasn't even born again yet. And those that work with him and those that walk with him could see this. But amongst the group, he hid. and he looked like he was being uh uh uh matured in the things of the word because he there's a language we speak here in the message and if I speak those languages quite right you will say amen whether I'm living right or not and he walked up those ranks and he did that and wasn't long and time went on he was never married and he left the church and he ran with some woman married some uh divorced woman and just lived a life that was totally contrary contary and that that was in the realm of this message of the church. How could someone slip through the cracks that way? Well, it happens, doesn't it? People come among us and then we'll wink at little things. We'll say, "Well, no, it's not that big of a deal." Well, it might be a big deal. God doesn't wink at that. We really want to be right with God. And the tutor will make sure of that. He's a real tutor. He's a real father. He He won't let you get by with nothing. He's in your space all the time. Like you just think he's a little thing, a little thing. You slide just a little bit and hear the visiting minister come in and nails you. He's like, "Well, who who told him what was going on in this house?" Yeah. Sometimes you have a little conversation, little conflicts at home and then the preacher will get up and preach and just nails you. You're like, "Oo, I know wife is looking at me. I know husband is looking at me. I know the kiddies know. Oh, that was for me. That was for dad right there." What is that? That's not the pastor. That's not the That's the Holy Spirit tutoring you and governing you instead of you thinking, well, it was just lucky or just per chance. No, it's the Holy Spirit watching over you, concerned about you. And the Holy Spirit is our tutor. He's our teacher. He's our personal um He's our personal what do you call those guys? Yeah. personal tutor to help us through the difficulties that we're going through in this life. And so we all need one and we're all under a governor and tutor. But you know, if we don't pass the test, we'll just be a regular son. Here what brother Bham says in what was the Holy Ghost given for paragraph 48. He says, "Now watch what God did when his son was born. And he let him go for 30 years testing him, trying him. Then he gave him three years of hard trial. Then at the end of the hard trial, when he seen that his son was about the father's business, Mount Transfiguration, book of Luke, he took Peter, James, and John, three witnesses, and went up on the top of the mountain. And there God performed the laws of adoptions. Brother Random continues on in paragraph 49 that same message drop down a little bit. He says he deals with the church as individuals, each individual in the church. And now it's got to a time, it's no secret. We all see it. When a man proves and God loves him and he takes him out somewhere to himself there in the front of the angels, he does something for him. lifts him up there in the presence of God and gifts him and fills him and sets him out. That's the age that we're living in. Amen. I thank God for this truth. I thank God for the goal that has been set for me that I am predestinated to the adoption. Not just an ordinary son, but a son that is taking the test and passing the test. Here what the prophet of God says in the adoption part two paragraph 188. He says this here. Now when the father in the older old testament understood that his son was come of age and had been seasoned out unto adoption unto they're born a child but when they're a son right then but then they'll never be more they'll never be no more than just a child just an ordinary son until they mature and show what they are. Then he calls them out. Then now here we are church. Are you ready? Now it's a little bit late. He says, then he takes them out to a certain place. The father does. And he sets him on high like this. And he has a ceremony. They all come around and I want everyone to know that this is my child. And I adopt my son. And I want anyone to know from henceforth that his name I dress him up a special dress on him. I want you to know that his name is just as good on any check as my name is. He's my child. I adopt him into my family. Although he's been my son since he was born, since he received the Holy Ghost, he's been my son. But now I'm going to place him positionally in authority. What he fires is fired. What he hires is hired. Amen. Praise the Lord. So we're we're we're coming into that place. We as each individual, we take these things very personal and very serious. We wasted time. Sometimes we would get um ourselves involved in other matters in other churches. I was big into that. which church is standing on the word, which one isn't? If I was going to live in Georgia, which church there is standing on the word, and which church in Pennsylvania is really or Texas is really standing on the word, or which pastor is really standing on the word. And those things are important if I'm living in Texas, but really what what really the father is trying to get me into my position, into my place. And we have a lot of that those times we waste years of getting involved in what other church groups are doing. They're doing whatever they're doing. They're going to continue doing whatever they're doing. And there are things that they're interesting. Yes, there are things that maybe we can talk about. I don't know. But you know that I shouldn't spend my time in that because I should be into the father's business, not everybody else's business. What is that to thee? Follow thou me? And you know this um this message is becoming more and more more real to us each day, each hour as we read it and we take it into ourselves and really approach it the way the Holy Spirit wants us to approach it. Now, we took this little character, I'll call him little character, big character really, King Hezekiah last week, and we showed how he turned his face to the wall when he prayed. And the prophet of God actually takes his uh example. And in the message, desperation says that this king prayed a prayer of desperation. That's what it was. He was in desperation. If you follow the life of King Hezekiah, you'll see that he was um he his father was a wicked king and he didn't go in the line of his father. But to really get a a good view or picture of his life, you can't just take Isaiah. You got to take 2 Chronicles 32 and also 2 Kings chapter 20. And these three places highlights what Hezekiah went through and what his life was like. He was really I mean if you ever take the trip to to Israel and I was thinking about that after brother George had left it would be so nice to have brother George even just share just remotely of what the land of Israel is like. Just take a map and show those different details around it. and he took us and we went on that tour and you see the waterworks that Hezekiah built. The scriptures talk about it. How he channeled water. I forget how many miles he built the aqueduct system and just the wisdom that he used. A great great king. His dad was a wicked man. But the scriptures notate his mother, who his mother was. And I think that's a detail there for a reason. But Hezekiah was 25 years old when he began to reign and he began to take down all of the false gods in the high places that were contrary. And when you read the book of Kings and and Samuel and Chronicles and you'll see how there'll be a righteous king in in Judah, righteous king in Israel, and then there'll be an evil one or a wicked one. And it always the people would just follow right into, you know, just worshiping Baal and all these evil gods. And you see how the human being after God has proven himself over and over again, they still will wander into these gray areas and even go into idolatry. You say, "Well, I mean, these people are not clear." See, because we're reading it like here, one page after the next. When you open it up and you see their life and the lifestyle, how easy it is to let something slip in to a congregation. It's like little things like just even high heel shoes. And I I'm not pointing out anybody that has them on today. If you do or if you don't, whatever. But I remember my oldest sister had brought home a pair of high heels. shoes and my daddy saw that and my mom and dad blew up on her wearing high heel shoes and they had a big platform bottom. So my dad didn't want to waste the money on them so he cut them. He shaved them down evenly, I guess. And I was just a little boy like what's the big deal? It's a pair of shoes. But when you look at where it comes from, you look at the details of it. And I just pointed that out because I don't I'm not thinking of anybody in my mind right now. I do have a church in my mind that I'm thinking about, but I'm not thinking about none of you when I'm talking about a high heel shoes. But just a little detail like that, it's like, okay, that would slip in and then paint will slip in and then whatever other little small details in message churches now. And you say to yourself, "Well, I'm talking about churches that are listening to the tapes only to tapes, too." Yes. It'll slip right in. And it's like, "Well, how does this happen?" Well, pick up your Bible. That's the way it's always been. And unless somebody really brings it out to you, brother, sister, here's what the prophet said. Here's what the Bible says. The Holy Spirit is not pleased with this. And you get a quickening of it. Then it's it resets you like you know what those things do matter they're very serious but you'll see how the human nature is if you don't stay with it if you don't stay on top of it what happens is that human nature will always drift back to what the other nations are doing around us because in the mall they have the models and the new styles and what's popular today before you know it it gets shorter it gets tighter it gets more worldly from the haircuts to everything else. Amen. And he just you're reading it in the scriptures, you're like, "Wow, these people just have they lost their mind? They're going to they're going to worship a false god right in the face of Jehovah." And then he throws them into into captivity and then they pray and then the Lord brings them out and then they go back into the same thing again. He shows you that it's our loving father. I like Psalms 23 and verse five. The Lord is my shepherd. Can you help me quote it? The Lord is my shepherd. I shall not want. Maketh me, help me. He leadth me. He soul. He for his name's sake. You know his name's sake is for his reputation. That's what that means. For his name's sake. It's not for your name. It's for his if his name is on it, it's his reputation that's at stake. And when Moses cried out to God, he says,"Lord, if you wipe these people off, the people are going to look at you and say, "You was not able to bring them over. It's your name that's at stake." I want you to you get a chance. I have all the scriptures right here on it, but you just look up his own sake, his name's sake, and you look that up and see how God had protected Israel over and over again. Not because they were righteous, not because they deserved it, but bec but because his name was on them people. and his he leadth me to righteousness because his reputation is on it. This is exactly the way Hezekiah he prayed. You take each of those instances. Second Kings chapter 20, 2 Chronicles chapter 32, Isaiah chapter 38. Here is Hezekiah. His life is laid out before him. and he actually prays a prayer and he writes this prayer down. If we have time, we'll go into it just for a moment. But when the Lord is dealing with Hezekiah over and over again, he never attributes his father in the natural, but he always goes back to his father David. He says, "I'm going to deliver you from Sonakaribb because of my name's sake and my servant David's sake." Oh my my my my. Whose son are you today? Whose anointing are you following under today? People got a problem with us quoting brother Brandham. How many times did David outlive his name carry on? All through the kings, the real kings were identified with King David because David was a real one. He walked in the line of his father David. Well, David was his great great-grandfather in many cases, wasn't his father. But the Lord had a covenant with David. David wasn't a perfect man, was he? David made mistakes, didn't he? But the Lord chose David out of the sheep coat, out of a family and chose him to be the king. Even the firstborn king and all the other kings that would follow in righteousness would be attributed to King David. How many of you here has some old elder or pastor that you can identify with? Some brother in one way or the other? Maybe it's your natural father. Maybe it's your mother. Maybe it's your grandmother that you can look back and see their prayers. And that you're here today because somebody came before you that's connected to you some kind of way. Lord. Amen. I'm talking about God uses real people. He uses men and women. Sometimes they're in your own family. He'll use them. If you can see the goodness of God and draw on what they had and what spirituality they had, God will continue to bless you. Don't be ashamed of giving a man praise and thanks for their good works and their good deeds because we certainly criticize them enough. And if we handle out our criticism and our praise equally, we'll probably do a lot better. But a lot of times it's out of balance one way or the other. But King Hezekiah was this man that when the Lord told Isaiah to go to him and tell him to set his house in order, he turned his face to the wall and he prayed a prayer. He says, "Lord, I have walked before you with a perfect heart." you know that faithfulness and the perfect heart and that walking in favor with the Lord and the prophet says that you know how many of us can say that about ourselves that we've walked before the Lord with a perfect heart the Bible says that Job was perfect Noah was perfect um Abraham's considered perfect maybe of these Old Testament saints were consider considered and walked under the banner of being perfect. Jesus tells us, "Be ye therefore perfect even as your father in heaven is perfect." And so what does this perfection mean? How does it mean for us even in the New Testament church? This perfection and being perfect comes through the blood. The worshipper that's once purged has no more condemnation, has no more desire to sin. This is where the believer finds his position that he is walking perfect not because of his own righteousness, but perfect because of the sacrifice that he's under. And if you got a if you got any questions or doubts on that, just get sister get the interview from sister Georgie Bruce. And brother Bam is talking to her and she's talking about how she can't put a spot on her life where she definitely received the Holy Ghost. And she wanted a a definite that she had been sealed into the kingdom of God. And brother Banner begins to talk to her. She says, "I made so many mistakes, but brother Banner, I made so many mistakes." He says, "Yeah, but he he paid for your debt. He paid for your sin. He's dealing with your heart. And your desire is to serve him. And he put that desire in your heart. You didn't put that in yourself. And no man can be perfect in himself." But oh, I declare to anyone standing here today that we're standing under a perfect sacrifice. Our Lord Jesus was perfect. The word that he sent us was perfect. This message is perfect. And the Holy Ghost in our life is perfect. He will have a church without spot, without a blemish, without a wrinkle. That he will present it to himself. A church that is perfect. Amen. You got to see yourself in there. You got to find your place in there. When I'm talking about what you saw and what someone said about you and who criticized you, I'm talking about what are you hanging your eternal destination on this morning. Is it your works? Is it your goodness? I'm hanging everything I got. The best deal I'mma get is coming under the blood of the innocent one. Accepting the Lord Jesus Christ as your savior. That's the best deal you'll ever get. What an opportunity to be a Christian. Amen, somebody. Yes. Law having a shadow. 1956, prophet of God says this. So when God speaks the word forever, it's part of him. Forever it it's a part of him. It can't no more fail than God can fail. If one word of God can fail, then God's not infinite. Neither is he omnipotent. Omnipotent. He has to take it back. Then he becomes immortal like I am. That's right. But when he speaks, it's perfect. Amen. Oh, that's what I like. Perfect. And we are perfect with the word. He continues on. law having a shadow 1954 paragraph 66 he says this and God himself coming unfolding himself out of heaven was made flesh in the form of man he took upon him the form of man and was going yonder to Calvary to anchor the sting of death and death stung the son of God on the way to Calvary he anchored pull the stinger out of death and today death has no sting for the believer for we are perfected in Christ Jesus. Hallelujah. There's the blood of Christ what it does. God perfecting his church. 1954 he says this. We give God praise tonight to know that the Holy Spirit is in us. Last night I was teaching of the perfection. God perfecting his church. Bringing the church to perfection through the Lord Jesus Christ. That's how we being dead in Christ take on Abraham's seed are heirs according to the promise and we are perfected not in our own self not in our own holiness someone said to me not long ago said brother Brandham do you believe in holiness brother continues on in the message perfects in 1957 he says this here there you are that's the answer of the death of Christ that's the answer to Calvary Y he absolutely with his own blood purchased our sins and perfected forever his believers. Therefore in Christ we stand blameless perfected in the presence of God Almighty. We are underprivileged people with our own doctrines. We all been taught that we have to get up and uh get up to a certain place. We have to do a certain thing. No, my brother, it's not you've done, it's what God did for you. You, we are now, if we are justified by faith, we are perfected forever in the presence of God. Then Jesus said, "Be ye therefore perfect." Then it was perfected forever. Hebrews chapter 6 number two. Can you say praise the Lord? Somebody listen close as we read. He said, "Leaving the principles of the doctrines of Christ, let us go on to perfection." Now, we got that this morning. He says, "How that we are perfected." Perfected. Absolutely spotless and blameless. Not one sin on us. Are you above temptation? Never. Do you sin every day? Yes, sir. But yet we are perfected because we are in him. And God could no more judge us than nothing. Couldn't be righteous. He's already judge judged us in him. When he judged Christ, he judged me. He judged you. And he can't judge me again because he took my judgment if I be redeemed. Praise the Lord. Israel in the church 1953 brother abandon says this paragraph 28 God has already glorified his church those who he justified he's already glorified in the church in Christ if you're justified in Christ you're glorified in Christ already as far as God is concerned Jesus said be ye therefore perfect even as our even as your father in heaven is perfect. H how could you ever be perfect? But in the sight of Christ tonight, every born again Christian is perfect. I'm just as perfect in God as Christ was. You are too. Every other believer, for it's not my holiness, it's his holiness. God can't accept mine. I have none. But I come in Christ by faith. and by Christ I'm in him and perfect in the sight of God. Praise the Lord. Let me read two more on this. All right. The position of the believer in Christ. Now, the subject is perfection. Now, how can a mortal man ever become perfected? And yet, God said in his word that he chose us to be holy and perfected before the foundation of the world. How you going to do that? Jesus said, "Be ye there per be therefore perfect even as your father in heaven is perfect." Is that right? Now if God before the world ordained that we should be holy and without blame and perfect in the sight of God and we struggling and murmuring, don't you think God seen all these things? He forneew it and predestinate predestined ordained us to be so. elected us before the world was ever formed. Brother Bham continues on. Now the blood, this is in the message law 1955. The blood could not be perfect by an animal, but the blood in Christ was perfect. Now I will never be perfect and you will never be perfect. I will never be perfect in your sight. You will never be perfect in my sight. But let's lay that aside. What about in God's sight? I look at you as a human. I look at you as a brother. But God looks at you through the blood of his son as a redeemed one. Jesus said, "Be ye therefore perfect, even as your father in heaven is perfect." Not what you've done. You have nothing to merit it, but it's what Christ did for you. Praise the Lord. Did he do that for you? Then we stand perfect with him. We see this prayer that Hezekiah prayed. Lord, I stood before you with a perfect heart. Can we say that today that we're standing in him perfect? Our desires are perfect as it aligns with the word of God. Our desire to stand with the word is our desire to be what the word says about us. And it's in this great prayer that Hezekiah, he prayed this prayer. Lord, I have walked before you with a perfect heart and I desire more ears. I desire that you hear my cry. His prayer is found in Isaiah 38:es 9-22. And it says at the writing of Hezekiah, the king of Judah, when he had been sick and was recovered of his sickness. And he goes on, he talks about how I said in the cutting of my off of my days, I shall go down to the gates of the grave. I am deprived of the residue of my years. I said, I shall not see the Lord, even the Lord, in the land of the living. I shall behold man no more with the inhabitants of the world. Mine age is departed and is removed from me as a shepherd's tent. I have cut off like a weaver my life. He will cut me off with pining sickness. From day even to night wil thou make an end of me. I reckon till morning that as a lion so will he break all my bones. From day even to night will thou make an end of me. Like a crane or a swallow, so did I chatter. I did mourn as a dove. Mine eyes fell with looking up. Oh Lord, I am oppressed. Undertake for me. This is this is this king prayer. He turns his face to the wall and this is what his prayer is. What shall I say? He hath both spoken unto me and himself hath done it. I shall go softly all my years in the bitterness of my soul. Oh Lord, by these things men live, and in all these things is the life of my spirit. So wilt thou recover me and make me to live. Behold, for peace I had great bitterness, but thou hast in love to my soul delivered it from the pit of corruption. For thou hast cast all my sins behind thy back. For the grave cannot praise thee. Death cannot celebrate thee. They that go down into the pit cannot hope for thy truth. The living, the living, he shall praise thee as I do this day. The father to the children shall make known thy truth. The Lord was ready to save me. Therefore, we will sing my songs to the string instruments all the days of our life in the house of the Lord. That's pretty much the end of his prayer. For Isaiah had said to him, "Take a lump of figs and lay it in the plaster on the boil, and ye shall recover." Hezekiah also said, "What is the sign that I shall go up to the house of the Lord?" And that sign was that that that clock, the sun that that sun thou turned black 10 degrees as a sign to him. This is a mighty man, a mighty king. If you look at his life, how he entered into his calling, he could have very well easily have gone the way of his natural father, but he took the heart away, didn't he? He He had to tear down years of corrupt teaching and false worship. and he had to bring the people's minds back to what the original way of serving the Lord was. He's just a man, but he he's now the king. And if he goes evil, the people will go evil with him. But I thank God for Hezekiah. I thank God for his example. I thank God that he was able to call on God. And this example shows us that the Lord will hear a desperate prayer. It is prayer. He says like the swallow and the swan. If you ever hear those birds out when you're out, you know those birds in a dove mourning dove. You ever hear doves cooing? It's nonstop. Birds in the swallow. Have you out there in the wilderness? See the little bird? They got these little singing, little rings that they do all day. All what's that bird singing about? It's like nonstop. That's what the birds are doing in the wilderness. We were out there in in in the wilderness and out fishing and you just hear the birds just chattering all along. He said, "The swallows, how they chatter." This is what this man is praying like. Look, he just got a death sentence from the most high God who told him, "Set your house in order. You're going to leave here. Thus saith the Lord." And what did he do? He turned his face to the wall and he prayed this prayer. He goes deep into desperation. And we see his cry was, "Lord, I walked for before you with a perfect heart. I did all these things for your name's sake. I followed after my father David and for your name's sake and the Lord heard his prayer. Delivered him out of the hand of Sinakaribb and delivered him out of the hand of this great threat. They threatened him. They threatened the people in the ears of all of Israel and they heard this great threat. This is a tremendous army. this army that was coming to take Hezekiah and Judah and Israel, he named off several kings and their gods that they swallowed up. He said, "Well, God delivered all of those other nations out of my hand." Don't you think? Don't you know you're next, Hezekiah? And you people of Israel, don't you follow your king now. Don't follow him. Don't let him deceive you. Just Just surrender. you're going to lose. And Hezekiah, the Bible says, he strengthened the the people of Israel. Look at what he did in 2 Chronicles chapter 20. Chapter 32, sorry. Verse number 20. 2 Chronicles 32:20. This is a son being tried. This is a son being tested like you, like me. How many of you can see that it's not your life's circumstance that you should be complaining about? Whatever you're going through today, take a deeper look at whatever it is and trace back and see where did it come from and who's in charge of all. And then you'll know that you're a son or a daughter of God. And then you'll know that this is just a test that's absolutely associated with your adoption. Amen. And this 2 Chronicles chapter what I say 32 and verse number two. And this is the cause. Yes. Thank you. Hezekiah the king the prophet he prayed and cried to heaven. And the Lord sent an angel which cut off the mighty men of valor and the leaders and the captains in the camp of the king Assyria. So he returned with shame to his face to his own land. And when he come into the house of his God, they that came forth of his own bow slew him there with the sword. Thus the Lord saved Hezekiah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem from the hand of Sinakaribb the king of Assyria, and from the hand of all other, and guided them on every side. Many brought gifts unto the Lord to Jerusalem in prisons to Hezekiah, king of Judah, so that he was magnified in the sight of all the nations from then forth. And in those days Hezekiah was sick to death, and prayed unto the Lord, and he spake unto him, and he gave him a sign. But Hezekiah rendered not again according to the benefit done unto him, for his heart was lifted up. Therefore, there was wrath upon him and upon Judah and Jerusalem. Notwithstanding, Hezekiah humbled himself for the pride of his heart, both he and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, so that the wrath of the Lord came not upon them in the days of Hezekiah. He had great riches, storehouses. Verse 29, he provided cities and so forth. Verse 31, how be it in the business of the ambassadors of the princes of Babylon, who sent unto him to inquire of the wonder that was done in the land, God left him to do what to him? to try him that he might know all that was in his heart. Wow, that's something. What is that saying? Huh? The Lord left him. Remember these kings? You take the book of Isaiah, you'll get another portion of it. These kings came to Hezekiah because they heard that he had been sick and now he's healed. And they come to see him and give God praise that he's now been made whole. And when they come, Hezekiah shows him all that was in the house of the Lord and all the things that God had blessed him with. And that was that was the wrong thing for him to do. And Isaiah comes to him and tells him that that these kings will come back and take everything for you. And we see that his heart was perfect, but then his heart had some issues in it, too. We see both of that. And so, it's nice. It's like the book of Isaiah and the book of Chronicles and the book of Kings are three different stories of the same story of the same man in three different versions. And I wonder if your Sunday morning version is the second Chronicles and your Monday morning version in Isaiah and whatever version at the family function. And I wonder what version will be read about you because it's still the same person. And although we have this perfection that we're under, we see how a man's heart, it's really a test. It's a testing ground. It's a proving ground that everything that we're doing, everything that happens to us, it doesn't always feel that way, but everything that happens to us is under this great test. Is that right, somebody? You are being tested. Yes. You know, when the service doesn't go your way and your little attitude fluffs up, test. Write that down. Watch them. Get them. Watch it down. Write it down. Write this little note about her. Watch her. Watch her to let me throw this at her. Let me throw this at her. Let me take the money or let me cancel the contract on them. Let me demote them on the job. Please, somebody drop a lie on them. Drop a lie. Spread a rumor about her, about him. It's all a test, sons and daughters of God. It's the tutorer, the Holy Spirit watching over you. Jesus, 30 years of testing, then three years of hard test and hard trial. What are you going to do under the test, my brother, my sister? I mean, is shouting and praising only when good things are happening? Is that what praise and worship is about? Only the saints that feel good can praise the Lord. Is that what the service of praise and thanksgiving and worship? Is it only during the good times? Is our Christian experience supposed to be some euphoric feeling where we just feel on this high 247 like, "Oh la, oh la, I'm so high today. High today, high next week, high for ever. No, no, no, no, no. You're going to come down off that high. You're going to come down off of that high for sure is the world. And somebody or something or some individual as you're walking down the aisle, they're going to stick their foot out just like that. You going to trip. you going to turn back. What you do that for? That's this life that we're in. It's all a test. Who's testing us? It's the Holy Spirit that's testing us under tutorers, under governors until the time appointed. You know, it's sad. You know, it's beautiful. Let me not sad. It's beautiful. Look at the big picture. Can I go a little bit further? Yes. You know, a family will lose a a member in the family and then, you know, mom and dad or mom or dad will leave and they'll leave a little inheritance for the family and then that's when the trouble starts. Oh my. This belongs to me. That belongs to And the family members are now arguing over what it should have been a beautiful time of sending mom or dad away. But the inheritance, the money brings out all or you take like you know the church, our little church acquiring this little building and all of the work associated with it and then there's the test, right? Oh, I knew you wasn't going to say amen. I was referring Maybe I shouldn't say it, but I gotta say it. I have to say it. It It brings out the best. The test brings out the best. You see, if I only see you with that smile on your face, that's fake. Look at your neighbor and say, "Neighbor, that's fake." If it's only a smile, 247 a smile, please. You got a scratch in you and you want to swing on somebody and the test brings it all out. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Thank I got one brother in the back willing to say amen. But it brings it out. These tests, these trials, things rise up. You mentioned me, but you didn't mention the others. You said that about my child. You said that about this. You said this. And they they just happened. And they happen. And we think we're just defending ourselves. We're defending. Really, brother, sister, you're being tested. I'm being tested. You are being tested because of what? Not just for some game. Not some playing around with you to see who's more spiritual than the other. I'm talking about an adoption, my brother, my sister. I'm talking about we are predestinated to the adoption. So, we say we have it. We say we love. We say we believe. But God left Hezekiah. He left him to see what was in his heart. Let's take one more portion with Hezekiah. We'll end on the negative. We look at Hezekiah in some of his great days in 2 Chronicles 32 and verse number five through8. And we'll close there. My God left him to try him to see all that was in his heart. That's something. My So he gets this great threat that comes his way. This great test comes his way. He's a leader to the people. The people there are now under this great harm and this great threat from a king who has an army that many times over takes um I mean he's an undefeated king really and you're the next one in line. And so they get this threat in verse this threat in verse number six. And he set captives of war over the people. He gathered them together to him in the street of the gate and of the city and spake comfortably to them, saying, "Be strong and courageous. Be not afraid nor dismayed for the king of Assyria, nor for all the multitude that is with him. For there be more with us than with him. With him is an arm of flesh, but with us is the Lord our God to help us and to fight our battles. And the people rested themselves upon the words of Hezekiah, king of Judah. You know that that that encouragement, that word, be strong of good, courageous. You'll notice the Lord is he gives that instructions to Moses to Israel. He gives that instruction to Joshua. King David when he's speaking to Solomon he's quoting Moses be strong and good courageous. And he's quoting it Moses David to Solomon. And this instruction here Hezekiah is instructing this to his people that are under this great threat. He tells him be strong and of good courage. That word courage means to be fra means to be brave. The quality of mind which enables men to encounter danger and difficulties with firmness. Courage. The first part of that word is the root is French core is from the heart. Monor your heart. Courage that's that's where that comes from. It comes from the heart. Be strong and of good courage. And this message is repeated over and over again to the children of Israel. It's repeated to Joshua. It's repeated to us even in this day. Be strong and of good courage that you can stand firm through the difficulties and firmness. Stand without fear. Stand without the depression of your spirit. Stand with boldness and resolution. Um stand for the duty that is called on you to stand with. Be courageous. Be courageous. Be strong. Be courageous. This is what Hezekiah is telling the people, encouraging them to be strong, of good courage, for the Lord thy God is with you. We need courage, brothers and sisters, to stand in this hour, in this great testing time. Remember it's the relationship of aba father between his child that we're coming to the adoption. You know the lord will put people in your way in your space that are like little snags to snag you to weight you and allows it and he allows it and he allows it. Our prayer would be, Lord, send us perfect friends that never dis discourage our trust in them. Send us perfect co-workers and perfect neighbors, perfect children and perfect parents, perfect pastors and perfect deacons, perfect perfect uh song leaders and perfect pianists, perfect vocalist. Send us perfect per and we're all perfect. That's exactly what he said you. Yes. Yes. You join the church thinking that everybody's going to respect you from the beginning of the journey to the end. They're not going to respect you. Brother Joseph, no. Brother John, they won't respect you. Brother Caleb got something to say about you. I don't like this. I don't like that. I don't like this. And what you going to do about it? What you going to do about it? You're being tested, my brother. And that's what it's all about. It's not about me liking you more or him liking her more or this one gets favored and that one gets more and this one and this. Brother, you're tested. Sister, you're being tested. If I'm reading the word of God right, that's what it is. And our attitude towards it. He's looking at us. We should test the song leader one day, shouldn't we? We all just all just come. Don't nobody sing. Don't nobody just give him a hard time. Don't say nothing. See how he does under that. Huh? Oh, yeah. Would that be a test? How many's ever led a song service? That would be a test, right, Brother John? You get up to lead service, it's like people are trying to make you mad. Let's put him to the test one day. Let's see if he's a real song leader. What would a real song leader do? He would blank all of he'll put some glasses on that he can't see like bif focals where he can't see you and he would sing the praises to the Lord once he figured out what was going on like they are off the word. I am on the word and I'm going to sing praises anyhow. I'll sing praises by myself. Yes. That's what a song leader would do. He passes the test. Don't ask me what I would do if y'all didn't say amen because I've already passed that test. God bless you. No, not you guys always say amen. God bless you. But it's all a test. That's what it is. And it's not a test of how much love, how much. It's a test to the adoption. Amen. It's the adoption. That's what it's about. Watch him for a few years. Watch him for a few years. Then give them a hard test. Now put him in his place. Place him with the authority. Amen. Let us pray. Amen. The musicians come. Lord Jesus, we thank you for your word today. A few words of this great servant Hezekiah. How you left him to prove him, to try what was in his heart. How you heard his prayer. You used him mightily. You gave him 15 more years when you had pronounced. You actually changed your mind for him. Oh God. And you actually love Hezekiah because he walked in the spirit of his father David. Not as carnal father Ahaz who walked wickedly. No, no, no. He he took a stand on the word of God. Lord, we thank you for that. We thank you that we could uh bring it out today and uh bring his life in the forefront once again. Oh Lord, we pray that each one would receive these words of instructions as from the tutor, the teacher himself, the master teacher is teaching us how to live, how to walk, how to act, how to do. It's our prayer we ask in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. We are almost home. Let's sing that. Shalom. Shalom. Peace and good morning. Shalom. Shalom. Let's all stand. We are almost home. Shalom. Shalom. Shalom. He said good morning. Said good morning. Shalom. Shalom. We are almost home. Let's take one verse. Arise and shine for thy light has come and the glory of the Lord has risen upon thee. risen upon thee. Shalom. Shalom. It's peace and good morning. He's on the throne. Oh, shalom, brother John. We are humble. Shalom. Shalom. Peace and good morning. Peace on the throne. Shalom. Shalom. [Music] We are. One more time. Shalom. alone. [Music] It's peace and good morning. He's on the throne. Shalom. Shalom. [Music] We are. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Amen. This little message was broken up. It is placed upon my heart to highlight those words of be of good courage. Be courageous. Be strong and of good courage, my brother, my sister. Strong and courageous for what? For what? For the test and the battle that you're going through, the conflicts in your life. Be strong, my brother. Be strong, my sister. Be courageous. Be brave. Stand the test. The great Holy Spirit is trying to teach you. I pray that the Lord Jesus would grant that blessing to you. With every head bowed, Amen. And to be included in that prayer to oh my to be able to stand to be able to pass a test. Won't want won't you slip up your hand to him to be included in this prayer that the Holy Spirit would not let you get by, but he would really make sure you get the lesson. He won't pass you on. He won't graduate you until you get through this lessons. What did you go through it for? Why did it make you mad? Why were you willing to let go? Why and how did you reach your breaking point? Yes, all of those details are are are valid. Why why can't you overcome this part here? Why? Why is it still a struggle for you? Yes, that's that's all valid here in this prayer. And I'm asking you I'm asking the Lord Jesus to help you today. I stand here, one of you. I'm one of you. I'm one of you standing asking the Lord Jesus to help you today to overcome every test, every trial. They are associated with your adoption, my brother, my sister. You're positionally being placed by the Holy Spirit. That's the word of the Lord. That's God's word to you, Lord Jesus. Let it be received, Lord, in the hearts of your children. You're the father. You're the aba father, oh God. And I pray that we would get the lesson and not get, oh God, frustrated and not throw in the towel, but Lord, we'll be strong and of good courage. be courageous, to be brave, to embrace the challenge, to stand among those that have faltered and failed. Lord, we won't falter. We won't fail. We won't turn back. We won't give up. Lord, we we receive it. The encouragement in Jesus' name. Bless every hand that's raised, Lord. Let it make a difference in their life. Let it make a difference in their family's life. Let it make a difference in their faith today. They move out of here in faith in the name of Jesus Christ. Breaking down every barrier that Satan tries to throw their way. Every evil spirit that tries to influence them. Oh God, we take charge today. We take a stand for you today. It's in Jesus name we do it. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Lord be with you. God bless you, brother John. Thank you. Make me more like thee, Jesus. Make me more like thee. [Music] Just give me a heart that is filled with your love and make me more like thee. Won't you make me more like thee? Jesus made me more like thee. Just give me a heart that is filled with your love and make me more like thee. I'm going to live the way he wants me to live. I'm going to give until there's just no more to give. the love [Music] until there's just no more love. I could never ever love the Lord. I'm going to live the way he wants me to live. I'm going to give until there's just no more to give. I'm going to love till there's just no more love. I could never [Music] ever I love the Lord. Sing that one more time to him. [Music] I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no more love. Oh, I could never ever out love the Lord. It's Jesus I really want to see. Oh yes, it is Jesus I really want to see. The more I see of this old world, the less it means to me. Oh, it's Jesus that I really want to see. Let's sing that one more time. Oh, yes. It's Jesus that I really want to see. [Music] Oh, it is Jesus that I really want to see. Oh, the more I sing of this old world, the less it means to me. For it's Jesus that I really want to see. Let's sing that verse. It says, I want more of him inside. Yes, it is Jesus that I really want to see. Oh yes, it's Jesus. I really want to see. I want more of him inside and so much less of me. Oh, I want more of him inside and so much less of me. For it's Jesus that I really want. Let's sing that verse one more time. I want more of him inside. Oh yes, it's Jesus I really want to see. Oh yes, it's Jesus that I really want to see. I want more. I want more of him inside and so much less of me. For it's Jesus that I really want to see. [Music] Amen. Let's just sing as we go. Where could I go but to the Lord? Living below in this so sinful world are the a comfort can a fall striving alone to face temptation sword. Oh where could I go but to the Lord? Oh, tell me now, where could I go? Oh, where could I go? Needing a friend. [Music] Needing a friend to help me in the end. Where could I go but to the Lord? Neighbors are kind. I love them. Everyone and we get along in sweet accord. [Music] But when my soul needs mana from above, oh where could I go but to the Lord? Oh asking you where could I go? Oh where could I go? Seeking a refuge for my soul, needing a friend to help me in the end. Oh, where could I go but to the Lord? And life here is grand with friends I love so dear. Come but I get from God's own word. And yet when I face the chilling hand of death, oh where could I go but to the Lord. Amen. You're dismissed. I'm asking you, where could I go? Oh, where could I go? Seeking a refuge for my soul. [Music] Oh, needing a friend to help me in the end. Nowhere could I go but to the Lord. Living below. Living below. In this old sinful world hardly a comfort can afford. driving alone to face temptations on. Oh, where could I go but to the Lord? I'm asking you, where could I go? Where could I go? Seeking a refuge for my soul. Needing a friend to help me in the end. [Music] Where could I go but to the Lord? [Music] like you [Music] Yeah. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
