################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-06 - Sunday Evening 07-06-25 - Pastor Israel Powe.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-06
Title:   Sunday Evening 07-06-25
Speaker: Pastor Israel Powe
Church:  Shalom Tabernacle Tucson
Type:    Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8b1MWSeox4
========================================

[Music] Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on hand. [Music] a higher plane that I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. Let's sing that chorus one more time. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on heaven's table land a higher plane that I have found. Lord, plant my feet on high. Let's sing that first verse. I'm pressing on the upward way. I'm pressing on the upward way. New heights I'm gaining every day. New heights I'm gaining every day. Still praying as I'm onward. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. Lord, lift me up. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on heaven's [Music] table and a higher claim that I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. Amen. Let's stand together if we could. Let's go to the key of C. Sister Abby. My heart was distressed Jehovah's tread brown and low in the pit where my sins dragged me down. I cry to the Lord from the deep my clay who tenderly brought me out to golden day. Oh, he brought me out of the mighty flame. He set my feet on the rock to stay. He puts a song in my soul today. It's a song of praise. Hallelujah. Then he placed me upon the strong rock by his side. My steps were established. And here all about there's no danger of fall. Here I remain, but stand by his grace until the crown I came. For he brought me out of the mighty clank. He set my feet on the rock to stay. He puts a song in my soul today. It's a song of praise. Hallelujah. And then he gave me a song was a new song of praise. By day and by night, his sweet nose already. My heart's overflowing. I'm happy and free. I will praise my redeemer who has rescued me for he brought me out of the mighty clay. He set my feet on the rock to stay. He puts a song in my soul today. It's a song of praise. Hallelujah. I'll sing of his wonderful sing of his wonderful mercy to me. I will praise him till all in his goodness shall sing a sing of salvation and home and abro till many shall hear the truth and trust in God. Yes, he brought me out of the fiery flame. He set my feet on the rock to stay. He puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. Brother Rick, would you come open our service tonight with a word of prayer? [Music] Heavenly Father, we come before you in thanksgiving this day to be in your presence and use this service. We pray that you lead us and guide us with your Holy Spirit. Help us do that which we should and do not that which we should not. We have a problem with this both ways all the time before you Lord. And we ask your forgiveness. Your blood on the cross is all that can save us. And we know that we claim the blood for us, our children and our children's children, and all we do business with that we may do business with godly men, not men of iniquity. We pray in Jesus holy name. Amen. Yes, he set my feet on the rock to stay. Puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. [Music] Can we just give him a praise offering before we're sing? Amen. You can be seated. Had a couple me people mention to me this morning that had we try to have a mixture of songs when we sing, but we want to praise him in psalms, hymns, spiritual songs. And to me, that's we just want to have a have a variety and not just all the the same type. But sometimes I sing songs that I've known for a long time, but maybe not all of you do. So, a few people said something to me. So, could we try to sing some that maybe the rest of us know? So, I know there's one tonight that maybe not all of you know, but Sister Abby practiced that a little bit this afternoon. We want to sing that. But I think we can all if you don't know the words, just read the words and it'll be a prayer that we can all say, "Lord, that's my prayer tonight." But this is uh Lord take me deeper deeper in love with you. Jesus hold me close in your embrace. [Music] There is a longing only you can feel a raging tempest only you can steal. My soul is thirsty Lord to know you as I'm known. Drink from the river that flows before your throne. Lord, take me deeper, deeper in love with you, Jesus. Hold me close in your embrace. Oh, take me deeper. Deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be deeper in love. How many can say that's your desire tonight? Sunrise to sunrise, I will seek your face, drawn by the spirit to the promise of your grace. My heart has found in you a hope that will abide here in your presence. Forever satisfied. Take me deeper, deeper in love with you. Jesus, hold me close in your embrace. [Music] Take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more. And how I long to be deeper in love. I wonder if we could just correct the second verse. I've got some different words, different lyrics on that first line, but I think what we displayed here is sunrise to sunset, I will seek your face. But I don't want to quit seeking his face at sunset and take a pause until the morning. So maybe we can change that one. Sunrise to sunrise because then it's constantly we're seeking his face just like as far as the east is from the west. You can you can define the north from the south, but you can't you're never going to get any further to the west when you're traveling east. But you can run to the point of the top of the North Pole and then you're going to be heading south. But so let's do sunrise to sunrise. I will seek your face. And if it's ready, let's just sing that one more time. Lord, that's my commitment tonight. Sunrise to sunrise. I will seek your face. [Music] Drawn by the spirit to the promise of your grace. My heart has found in you a hope that will abide here in your presence. Forever satisfied. Oh, take me deeper, deeper in love with you. Jesus, hold me close in your embrace. Take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be deeper in love. [Music] When peace like a river attendeth my way. and sorrow like steep below road. Whatever my Lord, thou has taught me to say. It is well. It is well with my soul. It is well [Music] with my soul. with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. Though Satan should buff it, though Satan should buff it, though trials should come. Let this bless assure us control that Christ had regarded [Music] my bless state And as shed his own blood for my soul. [Music] It is well. It is well with my soul. with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. Let's sing the third verse together now. My sin, all the bliss, my sin, all the bliss of this glorious thought. My sin not in part but the whole was nailed to the cross and I bear it no more. Oh, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord, oh my soul. It is well with my soul. All it is is well. It is well. Brothers Joe. Joe, if you can come just sing that chorus one more time as they come forward. Oh, it is well [Music] with my soul. Oh, it is well. It is well with my soul. [Music] Amen. God bless everyone. We have some prayer requests tonight. Let's continue to remember the Snow family and the strength and encouragement. God has brought them a mighty long way already. And then we also have a request here from Elisa Par, Sister Elisa Par. Please remember in prayer my sister and her husband Elia and Edward Sanchez. They lost a mobile home and a truck in the floods in San Angelo, Texas. My brother-in-law was able to go and recover a few pictures and things he's going and things and he's going through a very hard time after seeing the destruction. Please pray for them and those that lost loved ones. Amen. Can we all stand and take this to the Lord in prayer? Amen. Bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, we're grateful for what you have done for us, Lord, as we think of the communion night tonight, Father, and Lord, not in part, but in whole, Father. You paid the price for our sins, Lord. A debt we could not pay, Lord. A debt you didn't even owe, but you, Father, died for us, Lord. And we thank you for that, Lord Jesus. We pray for the Snow family, Sister Lori. Lord, continue, Father, the blessing in her life, the speedy recovery, Father, Lord, all you have done. The Sanchez family, Father, and St. Angelo, wherever they may be right now, Father, we pray that you'd, Lord, lead them on the path of restoration. Help them, Father, in all things, Lord, the families, the whole community that's been affected. Lord, we're asking for your mercy, Lord, and your grace, Lord. Not that we deserve anything, Father, but you have done it, Father, for us. And we thank you for your free gift. Thank you for salvation of body and soul. Lord Jesus, be with us tonight as we remember you, Father, in all sincerity. Lord, prepare our hearts, make us ready, and we'll give you the praise and the glory. In the name of Jesus Christ, we ask. Amen. We have a couple song specials tonight. Maybe we could just sing that chorus, same key, shut him with God as our brother Shawn comes to sing for us. Shut in with God in a secret place. There in the spirit beholding his face gaining new power to run in the race. How I long to be shut in with God. You can be seated. May God bless you. Happy to be in the house of the Lord tonight. What? Sing it with me as long as he's in the house. So, one thing about the song, we're all the second verse tells of a girl that was dead in all our sin till Jesus touched his heart. We were like that little girl and he gave us life again. Amen. Believe we can all say that tonight. [Music] Little girl was lying there. People all were weeping. [Music] They just laughed at Jesus when he said she's only sleeping. As he took her by the hand, she began to live again. Some begin to praise the Lord. And some begin to say, "He's in the house. [Music] Death has to flee. [Applause] Now there is life. Where darkness used to be, now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. We were like that little girl, dead in all our sins. till Jesus touched this heart of mine and gave me life again. And I am just a house of clay. And ever since that blessed day, there's a light that shines in me for all the world to see. That he's in the house. Death has to flee. You sing it with me. And now there is light where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. Death has to flee. And now there is life. Where darkness used to be, now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. Let's sing the second verse together. The house We were like that little girl who met it all our sins till Jesus touched this heart of mine. He gave us life again. Now I'm just a house of clay. I'm just a house of clay. And ever since that blessed day, there's a light that shines on me for all the world to see. That he's in the house. Death has to flee. And now there is light where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house that death has to flee. And now there is light where darkness used to be. This used to be. Now there's hope. Now there is hope. There's no more down. Praise his name. Praise his name. Praise his name. Praise his name. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. Bless you. [Music] God bless you all. I'm not the most articulate when it comes to my prayers. Sometimes I have a hard time praying a a beautiful prayer, but my heart's always in it. But sometimes when I really want to pray a beautiful prayer, sometimes I'll just sing sing a song or I'll think of the words to a song and I'll be getting halfway through it and just start crying in my prayer. This is one of those. And I think I think tonight's an appropriate night for it. I know I song led it recently, but if you'd like to sing with me, I hope it's a blessing to you. Search me, oh God, and know my heart today. Try me, oh Savior. Know my thoughts I pray. See if there be some wicked wicked way in me. Cleans me from every sin and set me free. I praise thee Lord for cleansing me from sin for thy word and make me pure with it. [Music] Fill me with fire where once I burn with shame. [Music] Grant my desire to magnify [Music] thy name. Lord, take my life and make it holy thine. Fill my poor heart with thy great love divine. [Music] Take all my will, my passion, self and right. I now surrender Lord in me. [Music] Holy Ghost, revival comes from thee. 10 day revival start the work in me. [Music] I word declares. Thou wilt supply our need for blessing now. Oh Lord, I humbly [Music] [Applause] Amen. that stand together this evening. You know, just looking out and it's good to see a good crowd on a summer night and in Tucson on a Sunday night. A lot of different things we could be doing, but you know, I'm not happy with a half-filled church. You know, I' I'd like to see just fire of God burning in everyone's heart where they just they can't wait for the doors to be open again. And I know I know there's people that are gone that are traveling, those that are recovering from surgery that would love to be here that can't be here. I think of those that maybe are are seasonally here and just the dingwalls, what a blessing they were when they were out here and how they gave of themselves and just to make our life more comfortable after after they were gone. And just just thinking as we have communion tonight, maybe just look around and and think of those that aren't here and just let's just have a burden for those and just Lord, lay some soul upon my heart, Lord. May may I do my part, Lord, to encourage that. Maybe it's not win a soul for them, but maybe they're just just a little discouraged right now. And we can do something that we could lift them up, that we could we could make their day a little brighter. Amen. Amen. Maybe in the key of C, we could just sing one chorus. Change my heart, oh God. You know that one. Let's not do you know it. She's saying no. We'll stick with one that we can all do. Let go and let God have his wonderful way. Key of F. Just let go and let God have his wonderful way. Just let go and let God have his way. Your sorrows will vanish. your night turn today. Just let go and let God have his way. Just sing it one more time. You can be seated. Let go and let God have his wonderful way. Let go and let God have his way. Your sorrows will vanish. Your night turned. Just let go and let God have his way. Just continue to play. [Music] Rose will vanish. or night. Turn to death. Let go. [Music] God have his way. Amen. Well, God bless all of you saints. So happy to be in the house of the Lord with you this evening. Are you glad to be here? Amen. God bless you. So, we wanted to um I was going to speak first, but I really should do the ordination first. So, we'll ask brother Joe to come forward and as he prepares to come, let us stand and take our Bibles. We'll turn in the scriptures. 1 Timothy chapter 3. his wife can come with him too at some point. Well, yes, you the his first wife. 1 Timothy chapter 3 and we'll pray with both of them together. We'll just get the scripture reading for you. Certainly appreciate our brother Joe. And all these years I've been pronouncing it wrong. How do we say it? Galante. All right. Joe Galante. That's how he says it. That's the way he wants it said. Amen. All right. So the scripture says, "Likewise, must the deacons be grave, not double tonged, not given too much wine, not greedy or filthy lucer, holding the mystery of the faith in a pure conscience, and let these also first be proved, then let them use the office of a deacon, being found blameless. Even so must their wives be grave, not slanderers, sober, faithful in all things. Let the duck, let the deacons be the husbands of one wife, ruling their children in their own houses well. For they that have used the office of a deacon well purchased to themselves a good degree and great boldness in the faith which is in Christ Jesus. Uh the prophet of God makes this statement here in the message healing and what sickness is 1950 he says this paragraph 10 divine healings in reach of every person and every person that is a Christian has a right to pray for the sick that's right if there's any among you sick call the elders that's the deacons in your church see then he said, "Confess your faults one to another, and pray one for another." In expectations, the prophet said, "Confess your faults one to another. Pray for one for another that you might be healed. If there's any sick among you, let them call the elders." Now, we call them in our groups. We call them the deacons. Let them call the elders of the church. Let them anoint them with oil. It's not called the elder but the elders plural two or three where two or three are gathered together and agree and pray. See that's the way we do it. Total deliverance 1959. The prophet says this. Now therefore, now there is a group of offices of our church, deacons, trustees, Sunday school superintendent, pastors as our church is set in order. And you, the people elected these officers and this pastor. I'm just general overseer, seeing it goes on right. And to give advice and so forth. You are the one who elects your pastor. You elect your trustees. You elect your deacons. You elect every office there is in this church. You people, it's and it's your duty to stand by those men. See, for they'll make mistakes. They're mortal. They're just men and they'll make mistakes. Amen. Can I read one more? Amen. Church order 1963 December. Prophet of God says this here. That isn't brother Neville's job. That's your job. See, you don't tell Brother Neville what to preach or how to preach. See, that's your job. You deacons, you're supposed to do that. You take care of that. That's nothing to Brother Neville. That's your job. See, now if a policeman's out here on the street and he sees a man stealing property out of the back out of the back of a car, should he call the mayor and say, "Now, mayor, your honor, sir, I'm working for you here in this police force. Now, I find a man up the street here. He's stealing some tires off of a car last night. Now, I just wonder what's your opinion of that. Huh? See? See, that wouldn't be sensible, wouldn't it? No, sir. If he has if he was doing something wrong, arrest him. And if a man's doing something wrong here in the church and anybody stop them, talk to them. Don't be arrogant. But if they won't listen, speak to speak in a way that they know what you're saying. See? See? like you tell a child say walk back there and he's misbehaving deacon stay at your place and brother Bham goes on paragraph 131 the deacon takes care of the house of God someone come in come in speak to them be there to greet them shake their hand that's you're the policeman a policeman or the deacon is a military police to the army courtesy but yet with authority. See, you know what a military police is? Is actually he carries out his rights. I think he's just like a chaplain. You see, it's courtesy and everything, but yet he has an authority. See, we must mind him. He puts these rookies get out there and get drunk while he puts them in their place. And so is the deacon to put them in their place. Can everybody say amen to that? You know, we we apply that to everybody, but probably us. We have a hard time. The deacon, don't come over here, tell me what to do. I'm a grown man. I know what I'm doing. But we're reading the quotations of the prophet. Now, somebody if a deacon sees something, they have to have some kind of authority to do it. And you know the character of the brothers that serve here, they love you with all their heart. And they we don't want I don't want to run in it with nobody. I just want good smiles all the time. But there's times we have to say things and do things that's a bit uncomfortable. But we do that in service to the Lord. And I'm sure you all you saints understand that. And that's the position and the post of a deacon. And so there are elders in the church and I've known brother Joe for quite some time, but I didn't know that's how you say his last name. and Sister Galanti. Galant, did I say it right? Yes. Galante. And um so we want to uh pray for them. I'm ask uh some of the other brothers. Brother Joe can come forward. Brother Chris, brother Ben obviously come forward. And let's bow our heads as we ask God's blessing over our brother. Let's all pray. Bow your heads. Lord Jesus, thank you for my brother and my sister. You've called them to work with us in this life. What a privilege, Lord, to serve you in your great army. And Lord, we make mistakes, Lord, but we don't mean to. And I pray that the anointing of the Holy Spirit would rest upon our brother. Bless him. I pray his dear wife. Lord, use him in service. Lord, may you hear his prayer. anyone comes up for prayer, Lord, may he have the faith to cast the devils away. And may we join him, Lord, and stand with him as he stands with us and we support one another. In Jesus name we pray. We thank you, Father. Amen. Amen. God bless you, brother Joe, sister Elise. God bless you. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise for our brother. Amen. Your wife. Amen. While we're standing, um, let's take the scriptures in, um, I think we were in Mark chapter 4, and I'm just going to finish up a little bit before we go to the table of the Lord. We have been speaking on adoption these last few services. I I'm titling it the orders of adoption, but then these little uh subject orders of adoption and then these titles, the placing of the seed this morning. And we'll continue in that just for one portion here in Mark chapter 4. When you have that, you can say amen. It's a parable that Jesus gives. And he explains the parable in verse 13. It says, "And he said unto them, know ye not this parable, and how then will you know all parables? The swer sweethth the word, and these are they by the wayside, where the word is sown. But when they have heard, Satan cometh immediately, and taketh away the word that was sown in their heart. And these are they likewise, which are sown on stony ground, who when they have heard the word, immediately receive it with gladness, and have no root in themselves, and so endure, but for a time afterwards, when affliction or persecution arises for the word's sake, immediately they are offended. And these are they which are sown among thorns, such as hear the word, and the cares of this world, and deceitfulness of riches, and the lust of other things entering in choke the word, and it becometh unfruitful. And these are they which are sown among good ground, such as hear the word, receive it, and bring forth fruit. Some 30, some 60, some hundfold. Now, if you have been raised in church, you've heard this parable many, many times. It's a very familiar parable. the parable of the swer and his seed being sowed on different grounds. And so we'll move forward just a little bit. Let us pray one more time. Lord Jesus, we ask your blessings on the word. Bless your people. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. We greet the saints in Mesa faithfully holding steady sister um um Trevor's little sister Ella is here with us today and good to have her. God bless her richly. Good to have each of you. Appreciate those song specials also. So here is the placing of the seed that we see that the seed itself needs to find a place and it is a mature seed finding mature ground. So the seed has to find the right kind of a ground and this is this u wayside stony ground among thorns and then good ground. You know these parables that Jesus gives when he says the wayside he's talking about people. When he's talking about the stony ground he's talking about people. When he's talking about the among the thorns he's talking about people. These are people that all hear the word and in hearing the word this word has a reaction should have an action upon them. You know at the wayside we see that the word after it's planted or preached then Satan comes to take that word that was heard. And I and I I just have to believe that this isn't isn't a one-time happening. This isn't just to a newcomer. I believe that anytime the word is being preached to a believer that Satan tries to capture that word from finding its resting place and its resting place is to be found on mature ground, mature soil and so that it can have its uh maturity. This is the seed coming to maturity. This are this is our lives our ministries coming to maturity. This is sons and daughters of God finding their position and then finding your position then you grow into maturity and that was the purpose of it. Some will produce 60fold some will produce 30fold. Some will produce a hundfold. But the true seed when it hits the mature ground, the true ground, it will have an effect upon your life. And this is what we all want to see, isn't it? We want to see growth in our life. I'm talking about spiritually where we can spiritually look in the mirror of God's word and see where God brought you from and what he has done for you. As I said this morning, we don't know what our future we didn't know. Some of us didn't know we would be sitting in the seat that we're sitting in today. We don't know what field God would call us to serve in. We just don't know. So, we just want to be faithful to whatever God has called us and whatever portion that he has called us and whatever way he has called us to serve. We want to be faithful with that because we are coming to maturity and we want to be able to be able to look back over our life spiritually speaking and see the victories that we have won. And please don't receive that you know everything is a a test. It's so hurtful. It's so hard. It's just gruesome. And we've been fighting all of our life. And that is true. We are fighting all of our life. But it's not it's not sad. It's it's a sweet it's so beautiful when you overcome a test. How many's ever been through a battle and then you come through it? There's there's an emotion that comes over when you pass the test like it was hurtful, it was hard, you lost something, you had to gain something, but then you passed the test and you get to move forward. And so your life isn't just in the valley. We have our mountaintop experiences. There's some joy bells. There's some times to dance. And as I said it many times, this church can use a good praise break where everybody runs the aisles. Just have Why you running? Oh, because I can. And just run for the Lord. Thankful. I was listening to this u one of my favorite football teams at Pittsburgh Steelers and one of the the uh the receivers had got the call that he was being drafted, something he worked for his whole life. And so while his family was on the news looking at who he was going to get drafted to, the team that was drafting him called him first and he was upstairs in his room and he said he got the phone call and the coach called him and told him they're drafting him. He takes off running, runs down the stairs, and he takes off running down the street because he was so happy. And the family didn't know what happened, what's going on. And they're waiting to see, did he get drafted? But he's so happy just running. And I feel like we got something to run about. We got something to be happy about. And I long for the day when this church would just, oh my, the joy of the Lord would strike every heart. And uh we'd have a wonderful time in the Lord Jesus. How many's ever had one of those times? Oh yes. Yes. We've spent a while. I remember on the Sunday night we had a Holy Spirit poured out in our service in Sacramento. Just a young man. Oh my. I couldn't do nothing but jump. I I used to be able to jump pretty high then. But I just jumped and jumped. and my good friend, brother Reese, we just started leaping at the altar, just happy like we won the Super Bowl or got a million dollars or something. It was just the the anointing of joy came upon us. And I'm kind I don't like to be in the front and I don't He might think I do, but I really don't like people looking at me. But when the joy strikes you, oh my I just had to dance and praise the Lord. And so we can, you know, the battle that we're in, it isn't just a gruesome fight, but we are in the most wicked of all the ages. And it is a terrible time. And um but there are some beautiful, sweet victories that we want to gain and mature by. Amen. I want to grow as a servant of the Lord. I want to grow in his grace and mercy. And so here we see this seed is coming to maturity. It's a seed I it falls on good ground and after falling in good ground it moves forward. The the thing with this seed is that the thing with this parable is that everyone heard the same word. And that's the touchy part that we have to touch on just a little bit. They all heard the same word. The seer, the swer swed the word of God in all of these places. The same word, same message. It's the Bible. It's the truth. It was sold here. It was sold there. It was sold there. It was all like, you know, we heard the same tape, so to speak. The same scriptures were given to everyone. But the effects of it was quite different. The word of God warns us of that. I don't know who the next pastor will be that will turn his back on the message. I really don't know. But I would be foolish to think that it's not going to happen again. And I want to prepare my heart not to be looking at who's going to turn from it or who's what's going to happen in the message. Who's the next pastor? Who's the next church that gets arrested or the police come? I I really don't I really want to bury myself in coming in line with the word of the Lord that has been given to me. Amen. And so this is the the maturity. Now Satan is there to block this maturity from happen happening. He's there to block this seed from coming to um its rightful place. And the message hidden life, brother Brandham says this here. He says, "Now we've held this ground so long. I believe with all my heart that we're on the threshold of stepping into another veil yonder somewhere to where the greater mysteries of God will be known to the church. And me for one, I've got both ears and eyes and heart open to hear the message when it comes. examine it for Satan will put out many a false runner. But I just lay it aside. Remember, it's only signifying that something real is going to take place when you see it. For Satan will do everything, as I said last night, to blockade the real jewel of God. When it's coming forth, you'll hear it. He put a blockade to catch Abel. He put one to catch Joseph. He wanted to catch Jesus and so forth. He will do it. Want to get Moses? For you can notice those things that Satan will try to block it. In the message, what heest thou? Elijah the prophet of God says this paragraph 12 1959. He says, "It goes to show that when God's doing something, Satan is always present to block it or to tear it down or do what he can to interrupt it. So your adversary is trying to interrupt the move of God in your life. The Holy Spirit is trying to move you and place you, trying to grow you, but Satan is there to interrupt that. We are aware of that, aren't we? We know we have a real enemy. He's after us, and he doesn't take any days off. We seem to, but he does not. and he studies us and watches after us to prevent the present truth of the word from happening in your life in a greater measure. So we must be diligent. Amen. We must be on guard, on point. We don't know when our last sermon, when our last service, when our last time to manifest this word will be. We really don't. And tomorrow's a new day, a day we've never seen before. But God has given us the tools to handle the enemy in the day that we're living in. Do you believe that? Yes. This is a tremendous hour. I I know that you know uh um just I mean uh just the depth of what's going on in the realms of the spirit in dark places and the things that are taking place behind the scenes. the things that I mean I don't follow the news very much. I really don't. But I know that there's the crimes and the things that's going on. That's one thing. But I know in the realm of the spirit, Satan is masterminding a great falling away, the great apostasy. And we see the individual when they fall away, but they probably have already fallen maybe years before. Maybe they don't believe even now and just waiting for the opportunity to fall. And so we want to be ready, don't we? We want to be uh stabilized. Amen. Everything that can be shook will be shaken. And think of that. The prophet of God says, "The hour is come." He says this in the message, "The hour has come." 1951. Don't worry. If you accept him tonight as your healer, Satan will put the heat on you tomorrow. Don't you worry about that. Yes, sir. How many's here has been sick? And then you go to claim your healing. When you claim your healing, you know that Satan is after you to stop you to not make it so easy for you. It's a fight, isn't it? Yes, it is a fight. But greater is he that is in us. It's it's a fight that we don't want to give up on. I mean, I'm not going to just give up and say my life is in the medical um community. My life is in the doctor's hands. I'm not going to give up and my life is in this version of healthc care. No, I'm a believer in the word of God. We're the true church of the living God and he's given us power over all unclean spirits. Did he? Yes, he did. That's our place. That's our position. And we have to fight for it. Remember the message this morning? Putting that seed in the wrong place can have the wrong results. Israel was down in Egypt. They never flourished until they came out into the promised land. And then they flourish when God put them planting the vine and putting it in the right place. Then it will flourish when it's put in its right place. And there's many people that are gifted and talented sitting in some church pew somewhere, maybe sitting right here tonight, and never manifest the gifts and qualities in their life. Because if they're in a church that doesn't believe in it, um if they're in an atmosphere that doesn't receive it, doesn't make it convenient, doesn't teach it, doesn't foster it, it will set there and you wouldn't know the gifts and qualities that are laying right in a small group of people like this or many or any other group. And so the you know so so um God has um as I said God has gifts and talents that are laying in the body of Christ. But if that if that individual is in a group that is hostile or the environment is very hard then it really isn't going to u mature properly and you're like a young person getting up to sing for the very first time struggling with nerves and everything get up to sing for the very first time and they go up to sing and all of the people looking at him or her it just no encouragement no you know, like judging, judging, judging. And that's all that poor little soul sees. I I I don't blame them not wanting to sing because they got to sing. You didn't help them. You just looked at them. And that's what many of us do sometimes, but we want to help and foster. We want to encourage after you're converted, Peter, do what to your brethren? Strengthen your brethren. We want to encourage that. Some of y'all can sing because you're singing in the shower all the time, but you come to church. We don't know what you sound like cuz you won't do it here. But we're praying for you. Amen. Somebody said, "Brother Israel, I enjoyed that song you sang during the uh during the singing. We should sing like that more." I would love to if Well, I'm not going to say that. So, the atmosphere means a lot, right? I sing all the time. Don't Don't do Don't get me, Chris. Chris going to get me. Like, I sing all the time in my truck. I make up songs all the time. I think I compose one or two little songs. I have them. And these little hymns, these little songs, these little runs that I do all the time. Lord, help me. Amen. Chris said, "Yes." So Chris, you can do that because Chris does sing. So, but we're talking about the seed coming to maturity and then the hostile environment. I believe that the church ought to be like if there is one place you ought to feel at home ought to be in the house of the Lord where you can come in and feel the precious Holy Spirit and then you can lift your hands and praise him without feeling judged or out of place. How many Christians come to church and they don't really worship because they feel out of place? Well, that shouldn't be this church. That's right. This should there should be an atmosphere here where a sinner just slides right into his presence where they don't dictate our atmosphere, but our atmosphere will dictate to them that they'll know that these people are worshiping an almighty God. That's what the song service is all about. Every service you're not going to feel that instant anointing, but we do offer the sacrifice of praise. And what are we doing? We're changing the atmosphere. Why? Because the word is going to be preached. And when the word is preached, we want that word preached on good soil. The worship service is working the soil. So when the word is preached, it falls into a mature atmosphere. something that it can grow in, something that it's connected to, something that would cause it to produce fruit, and that that fruit would remain even. You know, this is our our test. This is our challenge. And we know that Satan is there to hinder that. He wants to hinder the service, hinder the preaching, hinder the work of the Lord, hinder what you're hearing. He's there to do that. And I am convinced that there are some services that we miss because Satan has done just that. He's distracted us. He's hindered the service by some uh a conversation or something going on outside. But we want the Holy Spirit, we want the seed of God to find itself in the good ground. Amen. That's our desire. Now, as I just wrap this message up uh for the evening service. I there's so much more I can go into there. There is a portion in second Peter chapter 2 that I must bring as I believe the Holy Spirit had put it on my heart the other day. And I didn't go into it this morning on purpose and I thought I would leave off of it tonight, but I I have to just lay this part and I believe this is a good place to put it being that it's a communion service. Second Peter chapter 2:es 1-2. This, my brothers and sister, is an example of this Mark chapter 4 parable in that everyone in this warning had heard the word and the finality of it, you know, it goes into um how they secretly bring in these heresies and how many will follow them And it it says a number of places that they speak they speak against the truth. They speak against uh dignities. They they they have great swelling words and so forth. But look at the last couple of verses there verses 20 and it says let's take verse number 18. And I believe this places us who we are. For when they speak great swelling words of vanity, they allure through the lust of the flesh, through much wantingness. Those that were clean escape from them who live in error. While they promised him liberty, they themselves are the servants of corruption. For of whom a man is overcome of the same as he brought in bondage. For if after they have escaped the pollution of the world through the knowledge of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, they are again entangled therein and overcome, the latter end is worse with them than the beginning. For it had been better for them not to have known the way of righteousness than after they have known it to turn from the holy commandment delivered unto them. Now brothers and sisters, this is where we are today. This is our message. This is the we're seeing the manifestation of that take place even today. And at the beginning of the chapter, it talks about the false prophets and the the false teachers that are among you. And they'll secretly bring in these heresies or these false teachings. And there there is there is for the believer, I'll say this, for the believer, you need to be able to overcome the world. You'll need to be able to overcome the sin of the day in the world. And you as a believer, you will at one time or the other hear false doctrine, false teaching. You as a believer will come in contact with it. It is the one of the great warnings that are laid out to us. And in second Peter chapter 2, this is the groups of people that have heard the word. These are not the sinners. These are not those that are um in the other saved categories. The foolish virgin. These are those that have heard the word. And some of this might be foolish virgin or or or or or just an unbelieving seed. But but all of these have heard the word and then they have turned from it. And so in Mark chapter 4, they all heard the word. But for us, let's get it again in verse number 18. And it says, "Those that were clean escaped from them?" Escaped from what? Escaped from the false teaching of the day. Those that were clean. Oh God, help us. Lord, be with us. This is our great challenge. This is our desire as we mature in Christ. Now, the word comes in many forms. The word is vast. There's many portions of the word. And I I want every seed of the word that I hear to come to maturity. Not just this part. I want every single seed that I hear. Let's look at it like that. Let's move in it. Like every truth that is brought, I want it to go down deep into the good ground of my spirit, down into the good ground of my heart and let it produce after its own kind. I don't want it to fall by the wayside. I don't want a truth to fall on stony ground. I don't want a truth, a quotation of the prophet to get caught up among the thorns. But I want every quote, every scripture, every truth of God to come down and find its resting place in good ground so that it can produce 30, 60, and 100fold. This second Peter chapter 2 says, "If God spare not the angels that sin, but cast them down to hell, deliver them into chains of darkness to be reserved unto judgment. Spare not the old world." Verse 5. Verse six, he turned the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah into ashes to condemn them with the overflow, making them an example unto those that should live ungodly. and deliver just lot vexed with the filthy conversation of the wicked. That righteous man dwelling among them in seeing and hearing vex his righteous soul from day to day with their unlawful deeds. The Lord knoweth how to deliver the godly out of temptation, and to reserve the unjust unto the day of judgment to be punished. Chiefly them that walk after the flesh in the l lust of uncleanness and despise government. Presumptuous are they self-will. They are not afraid to speak evil of dignities. You'll see this more and more. You'll see this disrespect, disregard for the things that are righteous and things that are holy. And let me say this. If if I'm in association with a fellowship or a friend or a person that has turned from this holy commandment, then you you have to be very careful with that with that fellowship. You have to heed the warning of what is taking place because with that darkness and with that fellowship they are that that influence will have its effect upon you and your faith. And we're seeing that more and more and more. Jesus said it would be here. The Apostle Paul tells us it'll be here. And all the scriptures warn us of this. Look at the great turn against just this picture alone. As we were I was in the um the study and I I had this from brother Gordon Lindsay before one of the messages there. he had uh introduced brother Brandham and he's talking about when that picture was first uh formed and um what message was that says that I I gave it to you I think I didn't bring it this time I don't think I have it under under that picture I need the guy to get to it tonight but it's worth listening to here's Gordon Lindsay's testimony Gordon Uh um um Grace to the Nations or what that great organization he started. They changed the name to this the name that it is now. Work with brother Brandham. The voice of healing magazine. Tremendous resume as a minister. How God called him and called him to work with brother Brandham with the Brandom campaigns and others. Here he is introducing uh brother Brandham. And he he takes a few moments. We have time to play that just real quick. Let's play that just if you have it, sis. And yes, 85 to A 100. From A85 to A 100, stand in line to my right of the platform and your left. Everyone else remains here, please. While the prayer line is forming, I want to show you this picture that we happen to get a hold of just now when that brother Brandham was talking about which shows the supernatural light over his head. As soon as that picture was taken, I made arrangements to have the negative taken to the examiner of question documents. uh Mr. George Lacy of Houston, Texas. And I asked him, I said, "You have all the means of science at your command. Can you tell me if there's any fake about that uh particular negative? Can you tell if there's a superimposure? Can you tell if there's been a double exposure? Can you tell if the film has been doctorred with in any way?" He says absolutely I can. So he took it cost us a considerable sum because he was a scientist engaged in that work and examined it many hours in his laboratory and then with his own name signed underneath it he declared that the negative was absolutely absolutely positively genuine. May I just add this word? The picture was taken by a hostile photographer, one that had spoken against the meeting. In fact, the statement even got in the newspaper and he was as surprised as anyone. There were Jews, Orthodox Jews. And so I regard this merely as a verification and confirmation. And brother Brandham regards it not that he is supernatural in any way. for a verification of his ministry and message of bringing divine healing to the people of the world. Friends, I believe the Bible is true. And so tonight, as brother Brandham Ministries, may we all be in the spirit of God and realize that the supernatural is here tonight to deliver people, not only heal them, but to heal their souls. Bring men and women to Jesus Christ. Balancing that chorus only. [Music] That's right. There's a background on that sister. If you'll do that, I appreciate it. Now, everyone be reverend. And I may I say this now as I make this statement. I am not responsible around these meetings. I trust the people on the outside will hear this also. I'm not a fanatic friend. If I die tonight, what I have said is testified as truth. That picture seals with God vindicating it. I told it see it isn't me. It's him. Did you see it? Can all of you see it? Good. We'll have it back on the book table if you will, brother Lindsay, so they can look at it. And we'll see about getting instant copies of it. A lady in the hospital recently had one sitting on her desk. She was looking at it, not at me, but the angel of the Lord in this form of a halo. And she said the picture begin to mill come right out and hung over her. She got up and went home. Well, so it was a it was it's not it's him only stating facts and truth. Now I Amen. How many can say amen to that? So that picture it identifies us who we are and we know that there's a great misunderstanding with it. But the warning is um the warning is this is what God sent in this day in this hour. Is that right? And so I this is how we stand. We stand with that. And anybody that doesn't understand it, that's one thing. I have lots of grace for people who don't understand that can't walk what I'm walking into. I totally get that. I totally understand that. But someone who was in it and they turn from it and then they want to sit and and talk to me and negative negative negative on the prophet. I don't have time for that and I warn you not to have any time for it either. Because you have to examine what is taking place here. What you need to do. I I would say this. This is what I as I was thinking about this because I'm not here to tell you who to fellowship with. who not to. But I would say this. If you can go before the Lord in prayer, you as a Christian and knowing that God called you to follow this message, and if the Holy Spirit gives you the okay to sit in fellowship with people that have turned from this way and it's okay for you to do that, then I'd say go ahead and do it. But I'd say you pray about that. I am very firmly warned against that because I know what's going on. I know what's to take place. The next thing is they prove this and then they prove this and they go online and they prove this and they get you off on the grounds of knowledge and proving God when you can never prove God by knowledge. It's by revelation. The reason I'm here today is because God revealed his will to me. That's why I stand the way I stand. I didn't go to Hebrew. I didn't learn Hebrew. I didn't learn Greek. I don't know Latin. Barely know English. I do not know church history. I am not a scholar. And so that's not the stand that I'm standing on. So I'm not going to stand out as an apologist to argue with this man who doesn't believe that these things are true and go back and forth and back and forth and back and forth. No, no, no, no. God had revealed this to me that this is the truth. Can I get a witness? And because of that, this is where we stand. So we have the picture up there. It will remain there. We play Brother Van's tapes. We will continue. And when I stop playing them, you pray for me. And if if you're not listening to them in church, are you listening to them at home? Yes, sir. And God sent us the greatest message that could be found. Amen. And you and I need a revelation of what came down in this generation. I know people can abuse that and there's people that run off and they go off the word and they don't have the scriptures and they bow down and worship and they follow whatever they want to follow. That's not my I'm not, you know, that's not that's going to be here. That's always here. That's all throughout your Bible. But you are going to give an account for st coming in contact with this word and the enemy wants you to turn from that. That's the warning to you tonight. Stay faithful saints. The the the the the word of the Lord is wanting to find its resting ground in good good soil. I don't know how that tied into the message tonight, but that that there it is. All right. So, God bless you so much. Let's take our Bibles and turn into for the communion service. I was looking through my some photos and there was a wedding. I think it was Will Alifont's wedding actually and had a picture there with brother Amalong. And I forgot to mention him, I think, as one of the elders that has gone on and stood before us. And it was so nice to see him. And as I started to replay over my life, Brother John, here in this city, I look at all the ministries and pastors in this city that stand for this message. I don't agree with them all. I don't understand them all, but I have a respect for them. And you're not going to hear me come from the pull pit and start bashing a pastor because I disagree with this or that. It'd be better for you just don't say anything. Is that right, saints? You know, they did this, they hurt me, and this and that. The last church I was in or the last group they did. And some of you have been around this city for a long time, right? You've come across some things, right? But you know what? You know what? God never gives you the right to go to start speaking against dignities and pastors and elders and ministers. It's better for you to don't say anything than to engage with a group of people that are negative and then wants to fight and talk crazy against this one, against, you know, brother whoever, brother Green, Brother Cues, but whoever the pastor is. That's that spirit that wants to come against that and they want you want you to be involved in that. I tell you I tell you right now that God God is not pleased with that. I don't care. They might be wrong. They might have done things wrong, no question, made mistakes, whatever. But you keep keep keep your mouth from speaking against these people, these brothers. They they're going to have their place and um and um they they'll all have to give an account. Um but that's because it's so easy for us to get into that. I'm not I don't I don't want to be interested in that. Amen. So, let's all stand to our feet. God bless you. 1 Corinthians chapter 11. 1 Corinthians 11 verse 23. For I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you, that the Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed, he took bread, and when he had given thanks, he broke it and said, "Take, eat. This is my body which is broken for you. This do in remembrance of me." After the same manner also he took the cup when he had sucked, saying, "This cup is the new testament in my blood. This do ye as of as you drink it in remembrance of me. For often as you drink this bread and drink this cup, you to show the Lord's death till he come. Wherefore whosoever shall eat this bread and drink this cup of the Lord unworthily shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord, but let a man examine who? Himself. And so let him eat of that bread and drink of that cup. Let me stop here because this is just in my spirit right now. I have to say this. Um I was talking with a brother. There's another minister, good friend of mine, and he brought up another pastor from this city, and he said about that pastor, he said, "Oh, we know that he is in a cult or part of a cult." And it just didn't strike me just right. And I'm not friends with this other pastor, but I I asked him, I said, "Brother," I asked him just like that. I said, "Brother, have you ever met this brother?" He says, "No, I haven't. Brother Israel, have you ever been to his church?" "No, I haven't." So, so I said, I thought, "Well, I would be a little careful about saying somebody's in a cult that I had never met before. I think I think I would deserve I would want you to at least speak to me and then discern that on me and then make that judgment. But could you imagine me saying that about brother Tim or brother Sean? He's in and I never met him, never talked to him oneonone. Everything I'm saying about him is based on what other people have said. And this city is guilty of such. And that spirit is here in this city. And I live in the city. And that spirit wants to get on me. Let me say this to you too. You young people, you young little ones, you don't don't get involved with speaking against pastors, preachers, and people that are in the spirit or other churches or other groups. My teaching to you is that you respect all of those people. You don't understand it. Just move away from it. Don't get involved in bashing another group and what they said and all. Don't get involved in that. You're in the fellowship and they're doing it. Don't you get involved. If you're a teenager and you know better, you're the age of accountability. Don't get involved with speaking against pastors, ministers, other groups, other people that's trying to serve the Lord that people that you don't even know. Please, please. Okay? That's true. Because I had to the Lord had to deal with me on that. So, I don't want to. The elders are gone. Many of them are gone. And um I'm not going to stand here and point out where they missed it or where they were wrong. Please. When it's time for us to leave, we're going to want some grace over us, too. Is that right? Yes, that's of course we if we're if we're all perfect and we never made a mistake, then of course we wouldn't need that grace. But we know that some of us are making mistakes even right now and we need God's grace. Is that right or wrong? This city is guilty of that. It's an atmosphere. It's an anointing. And I'm saying that because I travel and people start telling and telling me what's going on in my city and wants to bas ministries in my city. I'm not getting a part of that. You don't even live here. You haven't never been to this brother's church and you're going to indict him of being a part of a cult. Come on, saints. The Lord has taught us better than that. That's a little reminder to you, right? So let a man examine himself. So let him eat of that bread and drink of that cup. For he that eateth and drinkkeeth unworthily eateth and drinkkeeth damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body. For this cause many are weak and sickly among you, and many sleep. For we would judge ourselves, we should not be judged. But when we are judged, we are chasened of the Lord, that we should not be condemned with the world. Wherefore my brethren, when you come together to eat, tar one for another. If any man hunger, let him eat at home, that you come not together unto condemnation, and the rest will I set in order when I come. Let us tar one for another. You pray for me, I'll pray for you in silent prayer as we prepare to come to the table of the Lord. Thank you. and bring those forward those elements. Thank you. In silent prayer, we pray for the Lord to forgive us of our sins. And then we pray for our brother and our sister. And we all pray one for another. Amen. Heavenly Father, in my hand I hold this bread that was made for this service. Lord, it's a type of your body that was broken for us. It's a type of the word that's being planted in this age. And Lord, when we partake of it, it shows that we believe all the word as your messenger taught us. It is not the body of Jesus Christ, but it represents his body. In this great sacrament that stood the test of time, Lord, coming out of Egypt, the Hebrews had a Passover. And when you saw the blood, you passed over them. It's a type of that great Exodus. And Lord Jesus, as we partake, let us remember of the lamb that was shed for our sins. And we partake of it, remembering as we have examined ourselves, Lord, in Jesus name. Bless this bread for that purpose. Amen. Lord Jesus, this is the cup of the New Testament of your blood. It is not your blood, but it represents your blood and we drink it, Lord, in faith, an ordinance left for the church. Oh, we don't fully understand it all, Lord, but it's kept the believers down through the ages. The apostle Paul instituted it and brought the meaning to what it means to partake. And oh God, how we know that when we partake, this is divine healing for us. It is the overcoming grace, strength for the journey lays in this little simple service in its humility. the world wouldn't understand it. But it's in the scriptures, Lord, that we would be strong and healthy and not a feeble one in our midst. Lord, let that be us tonight as we partake of it in faith, believing as you sanctify and bless the wine for this service in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. Follow the directions of the ushers, please. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] This portion of bread that remains will be burnt with fire before the rising of the sun. Amen. Amen. Let us all stand and take our Bibles and turn into St. John chapter 13. And supper being ended, devil having now put into the heart of Judas's Scariot, Simon's son, to betray him. Jesus, knowing that the Father had given all things into his hands, and that he was come from God, and he went to God. He rised from supper. He laid aside his garments, and he took a towel and girded himself. After that he poured water into a basin and began to wash the disciples feet and to wipe them with the towel wherewith he was girded. Then cometh he to Simon Peter. Peter saith unto him, Lord, dust thou wash my feet? Jesus answered and said unto him, What I do, thou knowest not now, but thou shalt know hereafter? Peter saith unto him, Thou shalt never wash my feet. Jesus answered him, "If I wash thee not, thou hast no part with me." Simon Peter saith unto him, Lord, not my feet only, but also my hands and my head. And Jesus said to him, he that is washed needeth not saved to wash his feet, but is clean every wit. And ye are clean, but not all. For he knew who should betray him. Therefore said he, Ye are not all clean. So after he had washed their feet and they had taken his garments and was sat down again, he said unto them, "Know ye what I have done to you? You call me Master and Lord, and you say well, for so I am. If I then, your Lord and Master, have washed your feet, you also ought to wash one another's feet. For I've given you an example that ye should do as I have done to you. Verily, verily, I say unto you, the servant is not greater than his Lord, neither he that is sent, greater than he that sent him. If you know these things, happy are ye if you do them. It's so nice that the Lord got down on his knees and he washed everyone of his disciples feet. And we do that once a month. We go down and we wash and have communion. And I know um it doesn't save us and we don't have to do it every month. Brother Random did it every month in his tabernacle and we try to follow that. if we did it twice a year or four times a year. I think the main thing is that we do it and we believe in what we're doing. And it reminds us all that communion is a time of it's a um you you're at a um what did brother Adam call it? Uh huh. It's a showdown. Thank you. That's the word. It's a showdown for the believer. And so we need this showdown every now and then. And it's good to I mean you're all big and all mighty and then what'd you do Sunday night? Well, I washed somebody's feet. I washed my brother's feet. It's kind of hard to be proud and do that. And so Lord, help us. Our Lord Jesus did it and we follow his example. None of us are too big to to that we can't get down and wash one another's feet unless there were some physical reason. But we're glad to do it, aren't we? Amen. We're happy to do follow in our Lord's footsteps. So, God bless you. Let's sing that song. Um, what a day that one. No, maybe not that one. Let's see. Um, [Music] can we sing? All hell king Jesus. All hell Emmanuel. All hell king Jesus. [Music] All hell manuel, king of kings, lord, lord's bright morning star. [Music] Hallelujah. And throughout eternity I'm going to praise him [Music] and forever more I will reign with him. [Music] Oh hell, King Jesus. All hell Emmanuel. [Music] You're the King of Kings. Lord, hallelujah. Bright morning star. [Music] And throughout eternity I'm going to praise [Music] him and forever more I will. Can we lift our hands and close our eyes and hail the Lord Jesus? Oh hell king Jesus. [Music] All hell I man. All hell Emmanuel. King of kings. Lord of lords. Right one. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus. And throughout etern. [Music] Hallelujah. And forever more I will reign with him. Can we just lift our hands and just tell him thank you in your own way? Just give him praise. And throughout eternity, we hail him as conqueror. King of all kings, Lord of all lords. Lord, throughout eternity will reign with you. That's the kingdom we're coming to. Lord, we thank you, Lord, for calling us to it. Lord, we give you grace, praise and thanks, Lord, for all your goodness to us. We don't deserve it, Lord, but we're so thankful to be a part of this great plan of God, the plan of redemption, oh God, we give you praise. We thank you, Lord Jesus. And forever more I will reign with him. God bless you. Amen. We'll go to the foot washing. The sisters will go next door. The brothers will remain. God bless you. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven, feed me tender. I want no more. Oh, here's my cup. Fill it up and make me home. Just fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Oh, come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Oh, here's my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. Let's ask him one more time. Just fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up to you, Lord. Oh, come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven. Feed me till I won't. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me home. I am weak, but thou art strong. [Music] Oh Jesus, keep me from all wrong. [Music] Oh, I'll be satisfied as long as I walk. Let me walk close to thee. is just a closer walk with thee. Oh, granted it Jesus, that's my plea. Well, I am daily walking close to thee. [Music] For let it be, dear Lord. Let it be through this world. [Music] Oh through through this world of toils and snare. Oh, I found a Lord who cares. And who with me my burden share? There's none but thee, dear Lord. none but thee. [Music] Oh, give me just a closer walk with thee. [Music] Oh, grand in Jesus. That's my plea. as I am daily walking close to thee. Oh, let it be. Oh, dear Lord, let it be the last verse. When my feeble life is old. Oh, when my feeble life is old and time for me will be no more. Won't you guide me gently safely? Go to thy kingom show to thy shore. Oh, give me just just a closer walk with thee. [Music] Oh, grant it Jesus. That's my plea. Oh, daily walking close to thee. Oh, let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. Sing the chorus one more time to him. Oh, I need just just a closer walk with me. Oh yes. Granted, Jesus, that's my plea. daily walking close to thee. Let it be. Oh, dear Lord, let it be. Yes, let it be. Dear Lord, let it be. [Music] Sing the wonder of Jesus. Sing his mercy and his grace in the manions bright and blessed. He'll prepare for us a place. Oh, when we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be when we all see Jesus. We will sing and shout the victory. Oh, while we walk, let's all stand as we sing it. Pathway clouds will spread the sky. But when traveling days are over, not a shadow, not a sigh. Oh, when we all [Music] get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be. Oh, when we all see Jesus, we'll sing. We're going to shout the victory. al so that us may be true and faithful trust in serving every day. Just one glimpse of him in glory will the toils of life remain. Oh, when we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be. Oh, when we all see Jesus, we'll sing and shout the victory. So, onward to the prize before us. Soon his beauty will beholden. Soon the pearly gates will open. We're going to the streets of gold. Oh, when we all get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing that will be. So when we all see Jesus, we'll sing and we'll shout the victory. Yes. When we all get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing that will be. When we all Yes. When we know Jesus, we will sing and shout the last verse. Onward to the prize and onward to the prize before us. Soon his beauty will behold. And soon the pearly gates. Hallelujah. We d the streets of hallelujah. Oh when we all when we all get to heaven what a day rejoicing that will be when we all see Jesus. We will sing. And one more time with all your heart. When we all When we all get to heaven. What a day. [Music] When we all see Jesus, we will sing and shout. Let us then be true and faithful. Oh, let us stand be true and faithful, trusting, serving every day. Just one glance of him in glory will cause of life. We pray when we all when we all get to heaven. What a day that is going to be when we all see Jesus. We will sing and shout the victory. We will sing. We will sing and shout the victory for the rest of my life. We will sing and shout the victory. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Amen. [Music] When we all get to heaven, all the toils of life, he will repay. Amen. Oh my, what a glorious time that's going to be. Oh, let's give the Lord a hand of praise and thank him. Oh my glory. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. He's given us the victory tonight. And we're so glad to be a part of this great plan of redemption. What a mighty God we serve. Amen. We went through the I went through the the voting and it's all um the all of the offices were voted in and some beautiful comments, some challenging comments were in there, too. I'm going let the board at some some of those and I think it's uh great. It's beautiful that these brothers are able to serve and others that are we can lean on and trust in and brother Edward is one of those I didn't get to mention him too much but he has taken in a role as a trustee and so we want to pray for him and we pray that God will bless him and sister Bethany as they serve the body of Christ. Amen. So we thank the Lord pray for the opportunity to serve you fine folks here in the city of Tucant. What a beautiful blessing it is to walk in this life with you all. And when we all get to heaven, what a day that's going to be. Oh my goodness. I won't be back. I won't be back no more. I'll be in the streets of glory. I'm not coming back here to fight this battle once again. It'll all be over, brother Chuck. Thank you, Jesus. We'll give him praise, all the glory, and all the honor. Throughout eternity, we will hail him. King of kings and lord of lords. He's the great and mighty one among us. He's the victorious one. All hell, King Jesus. Amen. So, God bless each of you. We're going to dismiss you just now. Ask the Lord will bless you each one. Was there anything other announcements you want to mention tonight today? There's a Bible study this Friday for the youth that's going to be held at the um they the Bowman's. Yes, brother. Yes. And we'll have that put together and you'll get the information for that. Brother Chris, you had something. Hell, King Jesus. All right. All hell king Jesus. We'll sing that again. Amen. We can't praise him enough. Brother Trevor. Oh my. All hell. King Jesus. All hell. Emanuel. Hallelujah. The King of Kings, Lord of Lords, bright morning star, morning star. And throughout eternity, I'm going to praise him. Praise him and hallelujah. Think about it. Forever more I will reign with him by your grace. Lord, I thank you for it. All hell king Jesus. All hell manuel is the king of kings, lord of all lords, bright morning star. [Music] Oh, and throughout [Music] eternity I'm going to pray. Oh, and ever more I will reign with me. Brother Edward, you'll come and dismiss us in prayer. One more time. All hell, King Jesus. for help. Emmanuel, [Music] the King of Kings, Lord of Lords, bright morning star and throughout eternity. [Music] Oh my. Think about that. And forever. Oh my. Amen. God bless you, brother Edward. Let's bow our heads. Thank you, my brother. God bless you. [Music] God bless you all. Let's go before the Lord in prayer today. Our dear gracious heavenly father, Lord, our Aba father, Lord, our alpha and omega Lord. It's been good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Oh God, to feel your presence. What a valuable thing it is, Lord. It's worth more to us than gold, more to us than riches, more than fame. Oh God, how we crave it, Lord. And we know, Lord, it's not long now until you're coming. Lord, there's been a shout. There's been a trumpet. Lord, there's been all these things. And now, Lord, we're expecting your appearing. We're waiting for your appearing, Lord Jesus. Lord, until you take us to that place, Lord, where there's no more sickness, no more pain, Lord Jesus. Lord, where we can gather together, Lord, and spend a couple hundred years, Lord Jesus, and have a couple hundred years more, oh God, forever in your presence. Lord Jesus, our bodies made new, Lord. All the pain taken away, our loved ones seen again, Lord Jesus. Lord, that's the price that you paid. Lord, you've given us the earnest. Lord, it's here. Lord Jesus. Lord, it's as sure as anything it'll happen. Lord God, we thank you and praise you, Lord, for our sister Lorie Snow. Lord Jesus, oh God, for taking care of her, bringing her home, Lord. Thank you, Lord, for this church, Lord, this little local body. Oh God, a cleft in the rock, Lord, until the storm is passed. I just pray Lord Jesus you would be with each one as we go from this place Lord. Oh God watch over us Lord like the Bible says as the apple of your eye Lord Jesus. Each one precious in your sight. Oh God I pray that you would bring us back again Lord at the appointed time Lord but never from your presence Lord Jesus. We thank you and praise you Lord. We can't praise you enough oh God. Lord, thank you for everything you've done for us, the gifts, Lord, you've given us. We pray these things tonight in the wonderful, lovely name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. [Music] Amen. God bless you, saints. God be with you. You're dismissed. God bless you. I'm going to pray [Music] ever more within [Music] Jesus. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
