################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-01 - Wednesday Evening 12-31-25 - Israel Powe.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-01
Title:    Wednesday Evening 12-31-25
Speaker: Israel Powe
Church:   Shalom Tabernacle Tucson
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 3h 48m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KvXo4wfK5o0
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Lord singless beless. [Music] Let's all stand. He is worthy to be praised and adore [Music] singless beless. [Music] Blessed be the Thank you for the year. Open our eyes and heart to worship you. more than ever before tonight and everybody in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Every praise to our God, every word of worship, every praise, every praise to our [Music] Every praise to our God, every word of worship, every praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord willjad will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. [Music] I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. He has made me glad. I willj for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I willj for he has made me glad. And we bring the sacrifice of praise [Music] of the Lord. We bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the Lord. And we offer up to you the sacrifice of thanksgiving we offer up to you. The sacrifice of joy in the airwhere [Music] that's moving in this hour that Jesus might glorified. There's awhere and resurrection power that's moving in this hour that Jesus might be glorified. Oh, I will glorify the name of the Lord. I will glorify his name and his resurrection power that's moving in this hour that Jesus might be glorified. One more time with all your heart. [Music] [Music] That Jesus might be glorified. Oh, I will glorify the name of the Lord. I will glorify his name and his resurrection power is moving in Jesus might be glorified. I will glorify [Music] the name of the Lord. I will glorify his name and his resurrection power is moving in that Jesus might glorify you. Feel free to with all heavior glory. How he gave his life to like he of my sins and the victory forever. I will trust in the Lord until I die. And I'm going to stay on the battlefield. I'm going to stay on the battlefield. until I die. I'm going to stay on the battlefield. I'm going to stay on the battlefield. I'm going to stay on the battlefield until I die. And yes, I'm on the battlefield before the Lord. I am on the battlefield for the Lord. Well, I promise him that I would serve him until I die. And now I'm on the battlefield for the Lord. One more time. Well, I'm on the battlefield before the Lord. I am on the battlefield before the Lord. Well, I promised him that I that I would serve him until I die. And now I'm on the battlefield before the Lord. Oh yes, I promise him that I I will serve him until I die. And now I'm on the battlefield before the Lord. One more time. Oh yes. for all bless him that I I will serve him until I die. And now I'm on the battlefield before the Lord. [Music] [Applause] [Music] What a fellowship. What a joy divine leaning on his arms. What a blessed dance. What a peace mine. Feel it on the arm. Turn it out of me and depend on Jesus. He's my friend. He's my guide. I'm learning how to lead and depend on Jesus. Cuz I found out that if I trust him, he will provide. Oh, how sweet to walk in this pilgrim way, leaning on his arms. Oh, how bright the path grows from day to day. Leaning on his arms, learning how to be and depend on Jesus because he's my friend. He is my guide. Well, I'm learning how to lead and depend on Jesus. I found out that if I trust him, he will provide. What have I tore? What have I to tread? What have I to fear? Lean it on his arms. I have blessed peace with my Lord so near. Leaning on his arms. I'm burning out of me and depends on Jesus. He's my friend. He's my guide. I'm learning how to leave and depend on Jesus. I found out if I trust him, he will provide. [Music] [Applause] I am weak but thou art strong. Jesus keep me from all wrong. [Music] I'll be satisfied as long [Music] as I walk. Let me walk close to thee. [Music] Just stuck closer one with thee. [Music] Granted, Jesus is my plea. Daily walking close to thee. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. And through this world of toils and snares, [Music] if I falter, Lord, who cares? with me my burden shares. [Music] None but thee, dear Lord, none but let's take the last verse there. And when my people life is home [Music] and time for me will be no more. [Music] Guide me gently, sail thee, oh to thy kingdom dumb shore to thy shore and just a closer walk with thee. [Music] Granted, Jesus is my flea. Daily walking close to thee. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it be [Music] daily walking close to thee. [Music] Let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. [Music] ask if Sister Melissa Bowman with her special [Music] All want their lives to count for something to leave their mark when [Music] vain pursuit. will come to nothing. Time will erase whatever we do. I want my life to count for Jesus for earthly things will quickly fade. No need to add to worldly riches. I only seek eternal gain. Inside my heart there burned a question. What was I placed on earth here for? It truly was to build a kingdom not of my own but of the Lord. I want my life to count for Jesus. For earthly things will quickly fade. [Music] No need to add to worldly riches. I only seek eternal gain. I want my life to count for Jesus. For earthly things will quickly fade. No need to add to worldly riches. I only seek eternal gain. [Music] As we sing this, just ask if uh sister Bethany could come. Get ready. We are standing [Music] on holy ground. [Music] And I know that there are angels all around. Let us praise Jesus. Now [Music] we are standing in his presence on holy ground. [Music] When I'm down and I'm out. [Music] When I think I've lost my way, well, I know what I'll say. When I'm feeling the pain, when I can't see a thing, well, I know what I'll say. Surely [Music] my lips will surely my lips will say you're my rock and you're my salvation. In all my situations I cast my cares, you take them. You're my faith and you're my right. Standing in all my insecurities, I fix my eyes on Jesus and find your peace of your peace of mind. [Music] When I'm on the mountain top, when my flesh wants the fame, well, I know what I'll say. [Music] Surely my lips will surely my lips will say you're my rock and you're my salvation. In all my situations I cast my cares. You take them. You're my faith and you're my right. Standing in all my insecurities, I fix my eyes on Jesus and find [Music] your peace of your peace of mind. [Music] Your peace of mind. Your peace of mind. [Music] Your peace of mind. [Music] Your peace of mind. [Music] [Applause] Amen. I know he's my peace of mind. As we prepare to change to service, let's all stand. We'll go to the key of D. [Music] I'm kind of homesick for a country [Music] to which I've never been before. No sad goodbyes will there be spoken for time won't matter anymore. Nor [Music] the land I'm longing for you. And someday [Music] on thee I'll stand there. My home shall be eternal on you. The land sweep you the land [Music] look now the river where my faith [Applause] will hand inside. There's just a few more days to labor. I will take my heavenly fly. [Music] You love the land. I'm longing for you. And someday haunt thee I'll stand there. My home shall be eternal. You the lamb. Sweet you lamb. [Music] Amen. God bless you, saints. Welcome to the house of the Lord. God bless you. God bless you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. All right. So good to be here. Good to see each of you. We trust the Lord Jesus is blessing you real good. We have uh I can't think of a better place to be than to be in the house of the Lord. uh lifting up the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Our New Year's or some folks call it the old year service and we'll leave that behind and move forward into whatever the Lord has for us. And so we'd like to welcome all of our visitors that are here with us tonight before we continue on our program. We have a few more song specials, Brother Peter and Sister Alita. God bless them. So good to have them with us. Brother Nathaniel Barrett and his family, a portion of his family there. God bless them. Amen. God bless you, brother Lazy. God bless you. Amen. Yes. And um brother Angel is here, our brother Angel. And he has a young lady there, his friend. What's her name? Angel. &gt;&gt; Eddie. &gt;&gt; Eddie. God bless you, Addie. God bless you. Good to have you here with us. And of course the Dinguals are still here with us and we certainly appreciate them as let's give the whole and there's uh who? &gt;&gt; Brother Dylan. He's home folks. Yeah, he's just family. Yeah, brother Dylan &gt;&gt; and his wife and and the baby are here somewhere. &gt;&gt; Amen. And so he's going to sing for us and he'll be able to greet you all. And so we just ask God to uh to bless to continue to bless the service. Um as we said, we have a number of specials yet to go forward, but our brother um Ben Surano, the Lord has dealt with him and he's been wanting to give his testimony and um we're going to let him give him the opportunity to do that for you tonight. Um, and so before we do that, let's give a hand of praise for our visitors to make them feel welcome. Thank you for coming. Amen. Lady Josiah Aaho and all the other Aaho brother there. Is that Ben? That's not Ben. &gt;&gt; Billy. &gt;&gt; Billy. &gt;&gt; Billy. Thank you. I bless you, Billy. Good to have you. Good to have each and every one of you. Amen. So let us sing that song Amazing Grace as brother Ben Sarano comes to give his testimony. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound [Music] and say a rich like me. [Music] I once was lost, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. Amen. God bless you. God bless you, brother Ben. God bless you. God bless you all tonight. I just felt in my heart to to give my testimony how the Lord brought me to this message, what he did for me. I had a supernatural experience that I kind of wanna tell it to you guys. Can Can you uh sister, can you put that uh scripture in John 4:19? We love him because he first loved us. Okay. And sister, can you put that uh that quote the infallibility God's spoken word. Okay. And just the same promise that laid anchored in Jacob lays anchored in every born again believer. God calls sovereignly without anything you done about it. There's nothing you done. Men say, "I sought God." No man has sought God at any time. But it's God seeking man. Not man seeking God. God seeking man. Jesus said, "No man can come to me except my father draws him first." You get it? It has to be God drawing man. &gt;&gt; Man in his nature is a castway. He's an alien. He's away from God. Then God by his grace has to draw him to his own side. And all the father's given me will come to me. No way at all. There ain't enough picture shows, enough dance halls, enough burl shows. I guess that's kind of like trips strip TV shows in the country to keep you away from God. When God goes to draw on back yonder before the foundation of the world when he put your name down that that you come you're going to come coming. That's all. That's all. Okay, that's it. So, um I want to start by uh when I was 12 years old, uh my cousin Jerry Samurano, he started the first Spanish message church here in Tucson. And he was uh backed up or sponsored by Perry Green. And so he he went to my mom's house and and told my mom and dad that u he was starting a church. She told him that there was a prophet to come on the land and and uh so uh my mom said, "Yeah, we're we're going." Uh and uh he she started taking us to to that church and it wasn't voluntary. She took us by force. She uh it's funny because uh I was the oldest of the seven children and I was like 12 and and and she said, "Yeah, you're going." And I said, "I don't want to go." And then she she like came come with come swinging at me like can I hold her hands and and you know what she did? She uh she said okay. So she she uh she would run and throw herself like body slam me to to crush me down. And so I started going to church and so um yeah, I started going to church and actually the the Lord started dealing with me when I I remember like 12 years old a little bit because I don't know if there's some older people here that remember that at that time they were preaching that the world was going to end in 1977. And uh I got super scared and I'm over here in junior high and I'm saying how come I know all these things and these other kids, you know, I was like I just couldn't believe it. But anyway, the the church the Spanish church closed down and we stopped going we stopped going to church cuz and then so we kind of like my parents kind of stopped too and we kind of all backslid. So we just time went on and I come to be about 21 20 21 and I got a a a mental depression like and I started getting some real bad anxiety attacks and I didn't know what was going on and like depression we never heard of depression and anxiety attacks I got it so bad that I would roll on the And my parents were real concerned. I said, "What's going on?" And I would I would lock myself in my room. I didn't want to come out and I didn't know what was going on. And and uh they told my parents, "You know what? I think somebody put a hex on them. Uh like a spell." So they took me to a witch doctor on the south side. And I remember he it was like a he looked like the devil and it was like a little dark room with a lot of candles and a and a saints and stuff and and he told me, "Yeah, a girl put a hex on you." I said, "Oh yeah, what's her name? I can't tell you." So she he just took my money. I got worse. I got worse. And uh so I got worse and uh my parents didn't know what to do with me and I because they were real scared. My dad was real concerned. He'd come and massage my neck every day. I remember and and uh they told me we we got to try to help you. And cuz I was getting suicidal, too. I was thinking I said I want to commit. I don't want to I was uh how can I say I couldn't hardly take it. And so my my parents um They took me to the psychiatric ward in the university hospital, the last floor up there. And I remember I was up in the last floor looking down. I said, "What am I doing here? I know I'm not crazy." And I would see like uh the other patients, they would they had like uh helmets on and straight jackets and they would run into the wall and then all the employees would come running in. is a I called my brother the next day and I told him they call him Chhatto. I said, "Ch, you better come get me out of here, man, because if I'm not crazy, I'm going to go crazy in here." So, they came and got me out. I didn't know what I was like at at rock bottom. And I remember my mom told me, "Hey," she said, "Why don't you call Mike Galves?" Brother Paul knows him. and he, you know, he was he had something he was going through something like you. And now he goes to church. He got married. He has a house. He's doing real good. So I called my goal. He's like seven years older than me. So I didn't He's my cousin. His mom is my His mom was my dad's sister. So But the Suranos weren't really close. So I didn't really even know him. So, I called him and I told him, you know, my situation and he said, "Uh, you know what, Ben, I'll be right over. Uh, go drink some coffee and then talk about it." So, he come over and he uh I told him what's going on and uh he said, "You know what, Ben? God's calling you." And and he said, "Why don't you start going to church with me?" I said, "Okay, I'll start going to church." church. So, I started going to church with Mike Galves and and then one time he invited me for dinner and then the pastor was there and they talked to me about baptism and uh I didn't even know they were going to baptize me the next service and they told me there's a young man here that wants to be baptized. So, I went up there and they baptized me in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And you know what? The next day everything was gone completely. Completely. I was like back to normal, but nothing really happened here. So, I hate to say this, but I I I went like two or three more months and then I took off. I went back to the what I was back to the world and I turned my back on God. He he he cleaned me up and uh he took me, you know, he took that mental depression from me and I turned my back and I went back out in the world and uh I'm going to drop this in real quick. Uh I had a friend named Tim. We used to work at a supply house and you know back in the day they didn't have direct deposit. It was all checks. you know, they give you a check, you got to go cash it. And he bank I banked at Valley Bank. He banked at First Interstate Bank. And uh this was shortly after I left. And so he and on Friday said he I'd go to Valley, he'd wait for me inside the bank, then come out, then I'd go he'd go to First Interst State, I wait for him. So we went for First Interstate Bank and there my wife was a bank teller. I didn't. So I saw her and I had to get out. I got I so condemned and ashamed and my my my buddy Tim says, "Hey, how come you left?" He says, "I saw a girl there where I used to go to church and I just didn't feel right." He'd say, "You're weird, man." So So just to drop that in. And then u um like three years later, I mean years went by. Three years later, the depression hit me again and the anxiety. And not only that, uh, I found out my back I had I needed back surgery because they I was having back problems and I went to orthopedic surgeon and they said you they they found one of my vertebraes was broken and a piece of fragment was floating in there. said, "If we don't go in there and take it out and fuse you, they could poke you and you could be paralyzed." So, it was like a double whammy, you know, like like I was in depression and I didn't know what I said, I can't go back to church. They won't even let me in. I I left. And I I was I didn't know what to do. I was like I was even really uh thinking about taking my life because I couldn't go through that again. So I I would pass through my cousin's house, Mike Alves. I'd pass through there and I'd see him outside doing stuff, but I couldn't stop. I was too ashamed. And I said, "He might not even he he might even talk to me. He probably tell me to get out of here or something." But finally, he was grilling one time and I stopped. And I told I told Brother Mike what what was happening with me and and uh let me uh can you put Hebrews? He Hebrews. See if I can read it from here. The the scripture in Hebrews Hebrews 6 4-6. For it is impossible for those who are once enlightened and have tasted of the heavenly gift and are made partakers of the L Holy Ghost to have tasted the good world of God and powers of the world to come for they should fall away and renew them again to repentance seeing they crucify themselves the son of God aresh and put them to an open shame. That scripture was killing me. I said I didn't have I don't have Look, brother Mike, look I don't have a chance. I'm done. God bless brother Mike. You know what he told me? He says, he says, "Brother Ben," he says, "You know, Satan can be interpreting that scripture to your mind. He knows the scripture better than you do. If you have a pull, why don't you go back to church?" So, he gave me a little hope there. So, I went back to church. They received me and and uh I had a back surgery and the church was praying for me. I had back surgery and that I ended up in a body cast from here to here for a whole year and I couldn't even tie my shoes. But now that I look back, it was God's plan. He had to put me on my back. And uh I remember, you know, I couldn't go nowhere. So I started reading the word of God. I started reading the messages. I read the seven seals and I understood them. I said, "I'm understanding this." And uh and then I remember one time on a service where we had a visiting minister. I don't know if anybody knows him, but his name was Ernie Banoa from Florida. And he preached on the the eagle in the in and the the eagle in the chicken yard. And uh I remember uh they made an altar call and I couldn't go to the altar. I was in a body cast. They had me in a corner of the church and uh but there something supernatural happened. I I uh I came to a place where I said I know I can't turn my back on him again. I got to go out I So I said Lord Jesus I said I said I can't lead myself. I said lead me. And when I said that, I saw the Lord Jesus Christ just like that. And he looked at me and uh he like uh looked at me and he like he felt real sorry for me, you know, like uh how can I say it? Real compassion. And I just I broke down. I think I cried for hours, but it changed me from the inside. And uh so that that that was just I don't know what it was if I envisioned or had a vision but whatever it was it changed me from the inside. Sister, can you put that audio please one night saw our Lord Jesus. I'm saying this with permission I believe from the Holy Spirit. The angel of the Lord that comes is not the Lord Jesus. It doesn't look like him in the same vision. For the vision, I saw the Lord Jesus that he was a little man. He wasn't. I've been out in the field praying for my dad. And I come back in and I went to the bed and that night I looked at him and I I said, "Oh, God, save him. My mother has already been saved and I'd baptized her." Then I thought, "Oh, my dad drank so." And I thought if I could just get him to accept the Lord Jesus. I went out, laid down a little old pallet out in the front room near the door. And something said to me, "Rise up." And I raised up, went walking, and went back into the field. Behind me, an old broomstage field. There standing not over 10 ft from me, stood a man, white garment on, little fella, had his arms folded like this, a beard kind of short, hair down to his shoulders, and he's looking sideways from me like that. peaceful looking figure. But I couldn't understand how his feet one just behind the other and the wind blowing, his robe moving, sage blowing. I thought, now wait a minute. I bit myself. I said, I'm not asleep. And I pulled down, pull a little piece of that sage off. You got it like a toothpick in it. I put it in my mouth. I looked back towards the house. I said, "No." I was in there praying for dad. Something said, "Come out here and here stands this man." I thought, "That looks like the Lord Jesus." I thought, "I wonder if it is." He's looking just exactly directly towards where our house sits now. So I moved around this way to see if I could see him. And I could see the side of his face like that. But he I had turned way around this way to see him. I said, ever moved him. I thought I believe I'll call him. I said, "Jesus." And when he did, he looked around like that. That's all I remember. He just reached out his arms. There's not an artist in the world could paint his picture. The characters of his face. The best I've ever seen was at Hoffman's head of Christ at 33. I've got it on all literature and everything I use. That's it because that looks just like it. And so then or pretty near as little close as it could be. He looked like a man if he'd speak the world would come to an end. And yet with so much love and kindness to you, I just pitched over in daylight. I found myself just at the break of day pajama shirt soaking wet with tears when I come to myself walking back to the broomstage field home. that h I I didn't hear that till years later when I heard I said, "Man, that happened to me." So, I just kind of wanted to relate that to you guys. And is my time up? Yeah. Okay. Okay. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; How many appreciate that? &gt;&gt; Amen. So, um, Brother Will Alifont is right there. Yeah. Come, brother Will. He's been doing some work with the, uh, Indian brothers there on the San Carlos Indian Reservation there. And, um, the Lord has been using him with that and helping those saints out. And he's got a few things on his heart that he wants to share tonight. And so, let's have him come. Amen. Let the church say amen as he comes. Amen. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Is that that? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; All right. That a boy. That's That's what I needed. &gt;&gt; Brother Dylan, good to see you. My goodness, what a what a privilege it is to just be here amongst you all. It just wow the grace of God. You know, we wonderful testimony, brother Ben. We just appreciate that so much. And just to see the hand of God and the grace of God in our lives. And I'll tell you, there's a lot of other places that this guy could be standing tonight. &gt;&gt; So, we're just so grateful. Um, we think of just the Po family and and just Levi and looking at Dylan here, a grown man. And, you know, I just remember all these guys as little kids and and all these things. There's so many things. I'd love to give my testimony sometime, but it would take more than the time we got tonight. Um, but just to see to see all that, brother, brother Chuck and sister Barbara and oh this uh, brother Nathaniel, appreciate you all the all the days back at North Side. You know, I remember I remember uh really coming through with the Lord and getting saved and and uh won't get into all that, but I I Jesus Christ really came into my heart and I just seen him in his word and and you know, there's a scripture in Romans where it says that his spirit bears witness with our spirit that we are the sons of God. and and you know, I just really had an experience of Jesus Christ coming into my heart and just I seen the resurrection of Jesus Christ. I I was, you know, it was in me and it was witnessing his word and all these all these things are happening and I'm I'm just oh my and you know I go to church and we go to North Side there and I and I come in you know I'm at the church and I'm like oh my goodness you know they must not know that he's he's alive you know it's real you know and then I remember Sister Kay you know there and I I realize and I'm I'm seeing and he's witnessing himself in the songs. He's witnessing himself as we're singing these old songs and brother Joe is leading songs and I just, you know, I'm like, "Oh my goodness, Jesus is it's real. It's real." You know, it's raised from the dead and and I said, "Well, I don't think they know it." But then Sister K Barber says, "Amen." And I'm like, "Oh, you know, there's one. She knows. She knows." You know, and so, um, you know, all you all are so special to me. the places that we've been, you know, it's hard to express. You know, we've been in heavenly places together. We've been, you know, we might not be, you know, at each other's house all the time and have all things in common, you know, in in that way and those things, but there there's a love of God in in the heart of a heart of the true elected child of God. And there's there's a oneness with each other. when we can see Jesus Christ in one another, it brings, you know, blessed be the tithe that binds our hearts in Christian love. And so I always remember Sister Kay and then, you know, you go back, you go back, I'm in, you know, I'm just, wow, you know, I'm just in awe and, you know, days go by and I I realize that I need to get baptized. So I call Brother Muse and I say, "Brother, something's happened. You know, I need uh I I think I need to get baptized." and I'm expecting him to tell me, you know, about it and or when or anything. He's like, "Well, all right. When do you want to do it?" And I was just like, "What?" You know, and all that. But then by the by the time two weeks later, we scheduled it and I, you know, I had separated myself from everybody I was with and living with and everything. I had hid myself in the room in my mom's house. You know, you know, I guess it was seeking the Holy Ghost is what you would call it. Um but then you know the brother Brandham says when you receive the new birth when you receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost you have a target on your back and every devil in hell has that you know so so then this pressure and this you know things start to war against me and it's like everything wanted to keep me from getting baptized but I wondered you know and those different trials and those times and we could go into those things and really break them down and just really get into of those things. But I remember I just wanted to say this thinking of you precious brothers and sisters that mean so much to me. I I couldn't get the victory and I was like, "Lord, what did I do?" Cuz you know how you just want to stay in that presence. You just want to stay there. And all I would do is just read my Bible. I was lock myself in that room and you know I and that's all I wanted to do. I'm just holding that book and he's just he's just feeding me the word of God and I'm just oh Lord is so great. Well, then it was like he left me and I was like, "Oh, oh my." You know what I mean? What happened? What happened? And I'm all tore up. I'm like, "Oh no, what did I do? What did I think? What you know what?" And I hadn't done nothing but, you know, sit in that room and read my Bible and listen to tapes. But I couldn't The presence of the Lord seemingly had left me. And I So I go to I go to church and brother Earl Williams is, you know, there he's greeting in the deal. And before I got to church, I just had the victory just come over me again and I'm like, "Oh, there we go. What is it?" You know, and so, you know, how you trace that back and you're like, "Well, what did I think? What did I do? What scripture? What, you know, what came across my mind? How do I get that? You know, how do I I want to reproduce that?" You know what I mean? And I walked into that deal and and you know I really actually and the Lord kind of kind of swooped me one time I guess you would say about this but I walked into the church and I'm just you know just dragging in there and you know I'm but the victories in my heart you know I mean I'm I'm all just all happy you know just praising God in my heart and but I'm just dragging my feet moping along there and brother Williams looks at me and he shakes my man. And he says, "How you doing?" And I said, "Well, I'm all right." And he says, "Oh, come on." And I was like, "No, I'm really good." And and I had realized right now, you know, and you know how the Lord will just kind of let you know some things. I I realized that it was his prayers that that that brought me that brought that back to me. And he knew it. You know what I mean? He knew it. And so then shortly after that, a brother came uh a brother came uh from I forget where he was from. Brother um oh man, I forget his name. He was a preacher there. Real simple brother. He came and uh the word that came across there was really really convicting about dragging along there like that when when you got the victory in your heart. &gt;&gt; You know what I mean? And he really preached and it was really, you know, really the word of God, you know, how it can come and be very corrective and it was very corrective for me. And and even uh brother Cedro and another brother Owen afterwards said, "Man, that was rough, huh?" Like they knew, you know what I mean? It was pretty clear that that that I got chopped down in there because he was like, you know, what are you going to win a rodeo and then go dragging around like, you know, and it's just different things that were real. But it was, you know, really the Lord. So So if I get a little too excited sometimes when we're worshiping God, just just know that it's it's on it's honest. I I got spanked one time, so I'm I make sure to try to praise the Lord a little bit, you know. Um maybe um maybe uh we'll just we'll just pray a little bit if we can. Heavenly Father, Lord, we love you so much. We're so grateful, Lord, for your grace in our lives. We're so Lord, unworthy of it, but Lord, you called us and Father, we're so thankful. What a privilege it is to to even be in this building, Lord. It's just by your grace and your your sovereign sovereign grace, Lord. Predestinated unmmerited grace. We're standing here today, Lord, just together. And &gt;&gt; Lord, let us let us rise up into heavenly places, Father. Let us, Lord, lay aside every sin and every weight, Lord Jesus. And Lord, we're looking here at the end of the year, Lord, but really we're looking at the end of all time, Lord. We're really coming to to the time where there's a transition, Lord, from the Gentiles back to Israel. And oh God, what a time. What an hour, Lord. But you've called us for this, Lord. You've you've given us what we have need of in this hour, Lord. Help us to take full advantage of it, Lord. Forgive us all for all of our sins and shortcomings and ask that you would just take control of the rest of the service. We thank you for being here thus far in Jesus name. Amen. So, I just want to read a scripture. Romans 8:28. And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose. For whom he did forno, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. Uh may the Lord just add blessing to the reading of his word. Sorry for not making you stand. I'm not used to to doing this too much. So, we'll just just pray for me if you will. So, I was thinking on on some things and and uh just want to just so grateful for the spirit of God and and so thankful for his to see to see, you know, brother brother, we we're seeing the Lord Jesus Christ work right in this church, right amongst this ministry, our pastor, and and the way that the Holy Ghost is leading him. And to see him come out the other Sunday and say, "You think we need a revival, you know, and then to see over these special meetings, I mean, s you know, do you remember the year before how great they were?" And I didn't think, you know, my that was so wonderful the year before that, you know, Zerubabel and just seeing these different things. I I wanted to get I didn't really have time to do it, but I wanted to just get some of those things, you know, that were brought forth and just kind of just really just go over them and read them. But, you know, it's it it's amazing to see the the Holy Ghost really come in and move, you know, and and I was thinking about because we were fellowshipping in some things that were, you know, pretty high, I guess, big, you know, the seals and these different revelations and these things. And I I started thinking for San Carlos and those things, you know, they're real simple and you know, all those things. And I just started thinking about how for different, you know, we're all might be at different spots in our walk with the Lord. And it was just so wonderful how the Lord came, you know, the last service here and and said it if you left him, you can find him where you left him. And so we know that where we leave him in the word of God, you know, we can find him. But to see, I wondered how to to get, you know, the congregation or get how do you get people from maybe, you know, this level of of of thinking or this portion of the word. How do you get them up here? And we realize that this is the work. This is what I realized or this is what the Lord showed me in those services. It's the Holy Ghost that does it. Of course, the Holy Ghost is the one that does everything. you know, that's the one we're trusting and it's not in men or ministries or any certain thing, but it's it's Christ. It's Jesus Christ, you know, and it wasn't the acts of the apostles. It was the acts of the Holy Ghost in the apostles, right? Brother Brandham said that. And to see that how that God came with with brother George and he set his whole level up here on this deal. And I just watched how the Holy Ghost just took that first part and then he brought what did he bring to us? that that Matthew 11 he said that that was they said you know we thought first Elijah must first come and he says well he's already come but you meant truly he must first come and restore all things right so so we see the Holy Ghost just bringing that message and and really bringing it to the scriptures and so that was the the you know the basis and the and the first thing and to watch God come through and just build to the end of those services. It was just really something to me and I, you know, I want to go back and watch him again and maybe I mean that would be a great thing maybe for all of us to do, but it was just amazing to see how that the Holy Ghost does that. He condescended so that we can ascend. And you know, he reached his hand way down and he just keeps doing it. He just keeps coming down. And and you know, we don't want to drag God down to where our level. You know, there's many times we wanna we want to do it our own way and we want to go around our own way. And and you know, I can see that in every mistake that I've ever made, everything in my life, it comes from leaving that word, leaving this message. You know, that that I can I can go back to find him. Every time I leave him, every time I stumble, every time I fall, it's because of that. it's because of some part that I couldn't go on with or that I failed to move or I moved too fast, you know. So, so that's just really amazing. I wanted to say how amazing it is and and and how grateful to God I am for for what he's doing here in this church and just seeing the the Holy Ghost move through the word. And that's really what we want to see. I I want to I'm running out of time pretty quick and I know I'm kind of scattery, but may the Lord put it all together for you. We pray that's what he does. Um there was this little thing here. You know, some people say the Bible or the end time message contradict itself, but it doesn't. The Bible says in the Ladyan age they are blind and naked and don't know it. The scripture blinds the eyes of some and opens the eyes of others. Jesus Christ, Elijah, and Moses blinded the eyes of some people whose eyes were wide open during their ministry. And so it is today. The prophet Isaiah said that they have eyes but can't see and ears but can't hear. And so I want to get back there's a there's a quote out of the church age book there. Um, but I wanted to I want to get back to that. Excuse me. Um, so we listen to here. We listen to believe from the heart. And I just the you know I really just like I say appreciate the the leadership of the Holy Ghost in this church and and it you know brother brother led to play this tape and it was just so anointed to me the whole tape but it was just really thinking about that last statement with this one. But have we? This is from belief from the heart paragraph 29. But we have just accepted the word on an intellectual basis and seen so many failures till it has brought the people to the place that they just hardly know what to believe. They just got a lot of loose ends to their religion. They run out on limbs this way. They run on out on limbs that way which comes to the end and here they come crawling back. Great moment, great movements start and they run out like like the Methodist, the Baptist, the Pentecostals and all this. We see this amongst the message and the first thing you know they get a little psychic idea and they run out to the limb and they're having a big time but the first thing you know they find themselves at the end. But the only thing that ever lasts is eternal things and eternal things are God. Now if you notice a man is known by his character is known by his works. If we could think of how God shows his character by his works, he's got his own character and he made his works. And if you look at his works, oh, how great they are. I really love that because I really seen God the first I really seen him in nature. I really see him in in in horses and nature. And we've got a lot of stuff we could say there and go that way. But let me challenge every scientist in the world to build me one tree. Let me challenge every scientist in the world to make me one little spring of grass and it's totally impossible. Well, it seems like then upon thinking those things that we could be that there could be a placing by reading the word a faith that would be go beyond the intellectual conceptions into the heart. Jesus said, "If thou shalt say in thy heart." Now, we get all frustrated in our minds and we go out and say, "Oh, I seen that done." Yes. And once in a while it just hop and skip and so forth, but it seems like it just can't get moving right. And here we go. Is because we try to mix the intellectual with the supernatural. &gt;&gt; They have no dealings with each other at all. Intellectuals will say one thing and supernatural will say another. And any man that's ever led by the spirit of God does not take any thought of any intellectual, but he's led from his heart by the spirit of God. He is misunderstood. People say, "Oh, how can it be?" And so that that's why we see, you know, that that people are blind and that and that it's a great time of of choosing a great time and and we're all it's all set before us to choose what what way we we would want to take it. You know, are we going to take an intellectual conception of the word even of the message or are we going to take the spirit's revelation of the message? Are we going to look to the Holy Ghost to see it? And this is what you know when when I first came into the church at North Side, I I had 10 tapes. It was what is the Holy Ghost given for in that series in 1960, the way back, the kinsman redeemer and those tapes and I and I've been to like three services and God came and the the only thing I could liken it to back in the gangster days was the ghetto bird had broke through the ceiling because the the spotlight was upon me. It was like that in an a literal light. Not not feelings, not emotions, not a guilty conscience, but a supernatural call. Not not, "Oh, brother, you're going to shout now. Oh, brother, we're going to lift you up now. Oh, sweetheart, come on." It was, "You are guilty." And the conviction of the Holy Ghost came on my life right there. and and and and I realized and and I had heard those tapes and and and I was the God was calling me forward to repentance and I thought I needed to go to the altar, but I didn't know what to do. There was no altar call made and then I'm in trouble and I am in trouble. God, the conviction of the Holy Ghost was on my life. And I I went along and I I'm playing the tapes and it's more conviction. I'm playing the tapes and it's more conviction. And I'm listening to what is the Holy Ghost? What is the Holy Ghost given for? And I'm thinking, what if this is possible? What if this is real? What if God can come into my heart? What if what if God can come down? What if what if Jesus Christ, the Holy Ghost can come down and burn all this stuff from the inside out? And on that tape, he says, "Now, when you come to receive the Holy Ghost, when God calls you to come up here, he says, you come and you really mean business with God. And if you have to stay until Christmas, then you stay until Christmas." And so, the conviction of God is upon me. and I go and I wanted to come to the altar because I felt to go forward. It was calling me out, you know, not because because brother Mchuse didn't believe in altar calls. He didn't make them. It was a Methodist tradition and that's a quote and there's nothing wrong with that. God should do the calling, but God was calling. I didn't know what to do. So, I'm crying and I'm, you know, oh Lord, I'm not raising my hands, that's for sure. Wanted to hide under the seat, but I'm I'm crying just weeping before the Lord. Please, Lord, help me. Please, no. please forgive me, you know, because the conviction is upon me. And I go to pray at the altar and I'm going to pray until Christmas and it was January and and and I'm going to stay there and those old brothers, brother Mchuse, brother Pitts and and those brothers that that they're there and they're down there and that precious sister Amber Olsen now, you know, she stayed on that organ and we stayed down there and those old men, those old saints of God prayed with me and I thought I had to confess everything I'd ever done and I'd lived 28, 29 years of the, you know, party crowd. I'll just say that. But I mean I if I get into those details, it's bad. So I'm confessing everything and I think brother Mchugh's got up and walked away a few times just because of what I was saying probably. But you know that but they're faithful. They're praying there and you know three or four hours go by. It was a long time, you know, and they're praying and brother Pitt says to me, he says, "Will," you know, and I, you know, we're about cried out, you know, about all I could cry and all I could confess and all those things. And and Brother Pit says to me, "Will," he said, "he wouldn't have called you if he didn't love you." And I said, "Well, that makes sense." And he says, "Yeah." He said, "Uh, will you just accept him as your savior?" And I said, "Yeah, yeah, I I'll, you know, I'll do that." And so we walked out and my sweet precious aunt Wanda. She was still standing out there that I just and she's been a she's been such what a saint of God. And talk about lead of the Holy Ghost. She just sends me these quotes just right on time all the time. She's my fellowship buddy. Uh it's my secret. It's my it's my ace in my pocket there. I shouldn't be saying this telling you guys what what my secret is. But but you know that wasn't enough. it wasn't enough just to believe because I'd heard what he said on the tape and I'm looking for that and and he said that I said how you know I got to and I went and I separated myself from where I was living from the people and I I said I don't know what's happening I can't stay here um I've got to I've got to go um and I you know I took my stuff and I said I don't know about the future but I know that I can't stay here. And so I went to that room that I hadn't lived there that my mom kept for me. You know, I went to that room um that I hadn't been hadn't lived there since I was 15 or 16 years old and uh 28 or 29 years old. And um how can how could I say that I believe when it when when the when the faith that is clearly put forth to us says that these signs shall follow every believer? And so I'm I'm in this bind and every time I write try to open this book, it's a mystery. And so how how can I just say that when when I can't say that I believe you, Lord, because I don't have this? You see, it put me in a bind. And and see, that's the word of God puts us in a bind sometimes, you know, and and uh I'm past time already. I'm going to try to try to wrap this up. I got a little scattered. Sorry. But, you know, the word of God puts you in a bind sometimes. And I see this really with horses and and and getting into how how we train horses at first. When we catch those horses, they are scared for their lives. You know, and the one thing that a horse has, it's self-preservation. If a horse bucks or he bites you or anything, horses aren't mean animals. They're doing it to save their life. they're doing it. It's it's self-preservation. And so we work with that. And you know, there there's there's a pressure that you put on horses. And and as you get them along, when you first get them in there, you just put pressure and get one direction around there. You first confine them, then you can put pressure and get them to go the other direction. And then once you start to control their feet, their place, you can start to get to their mind. So position has something to do with that. But then as you get farther along in the top ends of really training really fancy raining horses and stuff like that, you'll put them in a bind like in between your hands and your legs and you'll given them them an opening and you you showed them this opening or presented this opening to them, but you'll you'll have pressure everywhere else so that they go through that door. They go through that opening. And the word of God puts us in a bind if we're really sincere. If we really approach it sincerely, then the it'll put us in a place where we have to look to God. We have to get to God. We can't rely on an intellectual conception anymore because we have to get to him. And there's a pull like brother Ben was testifying of. There's something pulling me. There's something there's a pull inside my heart that creeds and denominations and and I say that creeds and denominations but just church will not satisfy just just living a good life just you know coming in and you know a lot of times we've said I've got to stop but a lot of times we've said that you know our young people what they need is an experience what they need is the experience what brother Brandham said I don't care if my tie matches my trousers but I I want my experience to match God's word and and that's what we want to see in our lives. That's what that's what we want to see. Well, I'll just leave this this one little thing to you. I got just read this. Sorry, brother. It is real. All right. Sorry. Um as as we go on here, Brother Mcus, he had said one thing. You know, a lot of these things throughout the throughout the years have really have really stayed with us with me. certain things that that people have said and Lindsay laughs at me how much I forget and how scattered I am. But then I can remember something like this out that brother McHugh said this is what tw you know 18 years ago or something but he was all excited about I think it was brother Luke Gibson or somebody like that had told had told him a quote or told him something and he said where the contradiction seems to be there's a revelation laying there and he was all excited about this and I hadn't even you know you know how brother Mchuse was it's not very excitable but he was all excited, you know, about this. He was, you know, like he was like, you know, he was all giddy like, yeah, it was really something. It stood out to me just just for that. But let me just read this. Do you, this is out of the exposition of the church ages, the Ladyan church age. Do you remember when Elijah and Gaza were surrounded by the army of the Syrians? You recall that Elijah smoked them blind by the power of God. Yet their eyes were wide open and they could see where they were going. The blindness was particular peculiar in in that they could see certain things, but other things such as Elijah the servant and the camp of Israel they could not see. What this army could not could see did not avail for them. what they did not see brought on their captivity. Could go on a long time on that. Now, what does this mean to us? It means exactly what it meant back there in the earthly ministry of Jesus. He tried to teach them truth, but they would not listen. John 9:40 to 41. And some of the Pharisees which were with him heard these words and said unto him, "Are we blind also?" Jesus said unto them, "If ye were blind, ye should have no sin. But now ye say, we see, therefore, your sin remainth." The attitude of this age is exactly what it was then. People have it all. They know it all. They cannot be taught. And we could go on with that. And we see that really in horsemanship and those things. You know, you we got pretty pretty high in that industry and work for some really good horse trainers and was assistant trainer at those places. But you always run into a lot of people around the horse world that it's almost a religious spirit. And I think it kind of is a little bit of a spirit that they worship the creation instead of the creator and those things. But you run into a lot of them that that'll go to a clinic or two or they they do whatever and and they just like, man, this is the way my dad showed me how to do it and I I have really got it. But when it comes down to, okay, then let's let's rope or let's do whatever, you know, you really see a lot of holes in there. But you can really see that that that type in in other things, you know, because if if we think we've got it all figured out, then then we obviously can't be taught and we're not looking. So if a point from truth comes from the word up and and a man tries to explain his view to one with an opposing view, the listener is not listening, not at all listening that he might learn, but is listening only to refute what is being said. Now I want to ask a fair question. Can scripture fight scripture? Does the Bible contradict the Bible? Does the message contradict the Bible? Can there be two doctrines of truth in the word that say opposite or oppose one another to the other? No, it cannot be so. Yet, how many of God's people have their eyes open to that truth? Not even 1%, as far as I know, have all learned have learned all scripture is given by God and all is profitable for doctrine, reprove, correction, etc. If all scripture is thusly given, then every verse will dovetail if given a chance. But how many believes in predestination unto election and rep probation unto destruction. Those who don't, will they listen? No, they will not. Yet they are both in the word and nothing will change. Nothing will change it. But to learn about it and reconcile truth, the truth of those doctrines with other truths that seem to oppose, they will not take the time. But they stop their ears and nash their teeth and they loose out and they lose out. At the end of the age the prophet will come but they will be blind to all that he is doing and saying. They are so sure they are right and in their blindness they will lose it all. So that there I I think was a little part of that his brother Mchuse's statement there kind of where the two seem to contradict you know there there's a revelation laying there and you know to to pray and to meditate on on this message and to ask God for a revelation is is really is really what we want to do in 2026 really, you know, if if God has if we want to get to Jesus Christ, we want to get people to Jesus Christ and and we believe that God has opened the seven sealed mystery book to us and it and and it and it didn't just bring all the doctrine correct, but if God is the word, &gt;&gt; Amen. and he and the full word has been restored to us and we see that the word is spirit and if we take that together then then the full person of God on display in the bride of Jesus Christ is what we're looking for. &gt;&gt; It's what we want in our lives and and we can't approach it by an intellectual conception and and you know that's the difference. We don't have to go out into the world and live rough lives to have it come in that way, in that power, in that all we have to do is sincerely with all of our hearts approach the truth. Now, we can be sincerely wrong, but we know that we have the truth. We know that we have the opening of the word of God. We know that that is what it says. It says it clearly. I have more quotes and we could just go on and on about these things, but we have the full restoration of the word of God. What was Elijah to come do? And it's to restore. We have the full word of God. And that brings us to the full presence of God, the full mind of Christ, to be in the individual today. And so, I just want to encourage you all in that. I'm going to read one more quote and then we'll go on. I'll get out of here. Give the mic to somebody that can use it. And the church of the living God knows how to take a hold of the word of God. Those great strong wings of his deliverance and hold to every divine promise. When a mighty shaking strikes the place they know how to hold, something just tells him. The world might say fanaticism, but they take a hold of a wing and they hold on because their nature is eagles. They know what to do. And oh, oh, this old mother when she turns her proud head and sees and sees her brood on her wings. I've often thought what God would do when he sees his church take their position at the word to claim every promise that God made. how he turns his proud head and to look and to see how he loves them with real love. Sees every member of the body positionally take its place. The Christian businessman at their place, the minister at his place, the prophet at his place. Then that old mother lets out a certain scream for her heart is thrilled and she full of joy and her little eaglets knows their place and they're all ready and she lets out a scream and takes to the sky. Oh, what a day when God gets his church on the word and there comes a certain hour that we fly away on the wings of the great speckled bird, a the great eagle of God, the great Holy Spirit anchored in the word. Now, it's a very peculiar thing what she does. She just gets as high as she can go and them little eagllets, they're not murmuring a bit. They got their little beaks set in them feathers, they just can't murmur. That's just the way that God takes his church. If you're really set in the word, you don't murmur. You just hold on. &gt;&gt; God made the promise. God can keep his promise. So they just hold on and and she takes them into places that they'd never thought they'd ever be. When she's soaring up there, oh, she goes into the bright blue sky and and now the strange thing is when she gets up there, she shakes every one of them off right in the middle of the air. And that's the way God does his church. He shakes him off. Fly for yourself. It's a strange thing as she shakes him off. She doesn't leave them though. She makes a big circle, goes out there, flies around watching them, and they're those little fellas knowing what to do for the first time. They're flopping their little wings. Oh, they're turning somersaults and everything else, but they're flopping anyhow. They're making some kind of effort. And if there ever was a time that the church needs to do some flopping, it's now. Now, these little eagles, they're not wearied because they all together, they're all together aware. She just flies down and swoops right under him, picks him up, brings him back into grace again. That's our great mother, the Holy Spirit. So, don't be afraid of fanaticism or wildfire. Our mother's watching over us. She makes those circles. She's fast. You should see her. And the thing of it is she can pick as many up. And this little fella is exhausted. Just turn over and over and over and over. Can't catch his breath. She catch one with her foot, another one with a foot. Catch another one with her mouth. Oh, the little eagle. So carefree. Because they're not resting in their own ability. They're resting in the ever presence, the ability of their mother who's watching over them. So maybe we could just pray one more time. Heavenly Father, Lord, I appreciate you so much for watching over your children, Lord, and and and for all these here, Lord Jesus. just so thankful that that your ability is sufficient, Lord. That your word that you've sent is sufficient for us in this hour. Lord, we don't want to take the way around. We don't want to go on any other way, Father, but your provided way to bring us spiritual revelation in this hour, Lord. You said a prophet was a divine revealer of the written word, Lord. And we want to take it that way. We want to receive it that way, Lord. And we want to we want to fly into places, Lord, that we never dreamed of. be with each one, Lord. Put the words together, Father, in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Amen. Praise the Lord. You know, sometimes you get started, it's hard to stop. Very hard to find a a place to stop. So, you just have to quit. And um let's sing that. I'm not saying that he had to quit, but we certainly appreciate that. Lord, I give you my heart. Lord, I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Let's sing that. Brother Nathaniel Barrett is going to come and take a few moments. Where is he at? Oh, he's right there. All right, let's stand and let's sing it. This is my desire to honor you. And Lord with all my heart I worship you [Music] and all I have within me. Lord I give you praise. All that I adore is in you. And Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. [Music] Lord, I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your Oh Lord, Lord, I give you, give you my heart. Oh, live for you alone. Every breath that I every moment, every moment I'm awake, have your one more time. Oh Lord, I give you my heart. Lord, I Hallelujah. And I live for you alone. Every breath that I take. Every moment, every moment I'm awake, have your way in me. Amen. Is that your desire? Lord, have your way in me. Amen. Can you say, "Praise the Lord." God bless you. Let's make Brother Nathaniel feel welcome. God bless you. Amen. And God bless everyone. Certainly happy to be here this evening. I just wanted to come and support the service and be in the amen corner for brother Will and whoever else was going to be speaking. So, and then true to fashion, brother Israel texted me this earlier today and said to make sure I have my Bible with me. So, I kind of figured uh what what uh he was hinting at. But um uh just you can be seated just for a second and we'll we'll stand here in a few minutes and go and go to the scripture. You can get uh St. John 17:20 ready. Brother Isel just gave me a few minutes, 20 minutes or so. So we'll uh we'll uh do the best we can. No, we're going to we're going to try to mind that. Uh praise the Lord. So St. John uh chapter uh St. John chapter 17. We'll go to that here in a second. But I have a few quotes to read. No need to try to pull them up, but I do want to pull I would like the sister back there if you don't mind. Uh modern events are made clear by prophecy. Paragraph 61. If you can just get that ready. Modern events made clear by prophecy. Paragraph 61. How many loves the Lord? &gt;&gt; How many's ready for 2026. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. How many's looking for a supernatural God in your life? Amen. I don't know about you, but Amen. You know, it's getting darker outside and and I just come to find out that I I can't really do much anymore without him, without his grace in in my life. And &gt;&gt; you know, every morning I just wake up and like a little child asking my father to lead me. And you know, I like what I heard one brother say recently when it comes to the quotes, when it comes to the the Bible, when it comes to the messages, sometimes we get the idea, oh, I you know, I've heard that before. I've read that before. But the word of God is eternal. You've never read it before. You've never heard a tape before. Because God's mercies are new every morning. Amen. So that's our approach. Amen. every morning we should just walk as a little child before him. Good to see you, brother Jonathan. And um but I'm so so so glad that brother will read that last quote. It was really good. So I really appreciated that. Amen. How many appreciates our our papa eagle. Amen. Watching over us, teaching his little ones how to fly. Amen. So where those little eaglets get our beak into every feather of his wing. Amen. For every feather is a promise. We're clinging on to it. Amen. And it and it'll and it'll keep us through. Is that right? So, we're in this hour where, as the prophet said, it's time for the eagles to get to flying higher. Amen. Oh my. So, we're we're approaching another year. What we what the experience that we had in 2025, the revelations that we had, the the ground that we covered was great, but there's more ground to conquer. Is that right? There's more land to inhabit. So yesterday's experience will not work for tomorrow. Is that right? The enemy is stronger. The days are going to be darker. The wind's going to be colder. Amen. So we need a fresh experience every day. Amen. And so uh so something jumped out to me when brother Will was reading it from the church age book talking about uh that situation where Elijah blinded them the Syrian army to to all of that. And so I just want to read this. I don't want to go on to this too much, but we are in a very very late hour, very very desperate hour. We're 60 over 60 years now since the prophet and we are and we have uh coming here tomorrow or here in a few hours. We'll be entering into the seventh decade since the prophet went off the scene. So uh so things are very very happening in a very supernatural way, a very simple way and just true to scripture. He said, "I I come as a thief." Amen. And so what something jumped out at me what from that quotation that brother will said is that what they did not see brought on their captivity. And so I think that's the way it is with any in any of our lives. Is that right? Sometimes we get to thinking we know it all. We got it all figured out. We we get busy with the cares of life and so on and so forth. And what you will, what you are not seeing will bring on your captivity. And so I just want us to look at this quotation there, modern events made clear by prophecy, paragraph 61. Now, brother Brandham is saying here that these modern events is slipping by us too swiftly. And one day we're going to find out we'll be left behind without nothing. and be caught sealed into the mark of the beast before we know it. Amen. So, it behoo behooves us, friends, that uh church playing time is over with. Amen. It's time to get serious with God. You know, we we say that we, you know, we we're the people that have had our faith restored, right? We we rece we we've received the prophet of Malachi 4. We've had our faith restored back to the faith of the Pentecostal fathers. All of these things. Amen. And so, may God help us and just be with us. uh this coming up year and to be watchful. Is that right? You know, we were talking the other day that the scripture warns us. Jesus said to watch and pray. Amen. And again, he slipped it in there in between the sixth and seventh vial and the 16th chapter of Revelations. He said, "Behold, I come as a thief. Blessed is he that watchth and keep his garments." Amen. So, just remember that what you're not seeing can bring on your captivity. And may so may God anoint our Isavs and may we just approach this uh even the next few minutes that we have in 2025 very very seriously. Amen. Because we don't want to go into 2026 dragging. Amen. We don't want to go into 2026 all intellectual in our minds and just all with all kinds of church quarrels and all kinds of you know bitterness or grudging or any kind of humanistic approach to this. Amen. We want a supernatural God. We want a supernatural experience in our life. Or we might as well go out and get drunk. I mean, I'm just I don't mean to be so blunt like that, but or we're just playing church or are we going to actually have a supernatural God and a supernatural experience in our life? Amen. So, for forgive me. I don't I don't I don't mean to be so blunt like that, but it's it's time to Amen. be blunt because one of these days uh you're going to wish perhaps uh some folks were a lot more bluntter. Amen. Praise God. The clock just started messing up. So I think that's a sign, brother Israel. Praise God. So let's stand to our feet and turn to St. John chapter 17 verse 20. This is my I think my all-time favorite scripture in the whole Bible. Chapter 17. This is John the great eagle. We know Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. The lion, the ox, the man, the eagle in this hour, we're under the we're supposed to be under the eagle anointing. Is that right? To fly higher to see farther. Amen. So that way these things coming upon the world will not catch us unawares. Amen. But we're flying a fly high above them under the greatest anointing that has been released in this hour. Amen. And so, all right. St. In John chapter 17 20, this is so beautiful. And just for a little thought, I I would like to just call this the the fullness of love for the last great kill. Amen. How many How many is under anticipation for the last great kill? The last great kill of this flesh. Amen. for for the enemy, for Satan, for all of his tactics to have their effects strien off of our life. It's going to take perfect love to accomplish that. Amen. So Jesus said here in St. John 17:20, "Neither pray I for these alone, but for them also which shall believe on me through their word, that they all may be one, as thou, Father, art in me, and I in thee, that they also may be one in us, that the world may believe that thou has sent me, and the glory which thou gavest me, I have given them that they may be one a even as we are one. I in them and thou in me that they may be made perfect in one and that the world may know that thou has sent me and hast loved me or has loved them as thou hast loved me. Father, I will that they also whom thou hast given me be with me where I am that they may behold my glory which thou hast given me for thou lovest me before the foundation of the world. You may be seated. So just thinking about this fellowship. Amen. And so this great intercessory prayer that the Lord Jesus prays there at towards the end of his ministry, how that he would he was of course desiring that we would be one as him and the father are one and that we would be able to behold his glory and that where he was we would be also. Amen. So just think about that the love affair there as our brother Ben described that he brought that quotation up. You know the great compassion of our Lord Jesus. You know once you come in contact with that compassion once you come in contact with that love it changes your life. Amen. It it becomes not a religion of dos and don'ts but it becomes a fellowship a relationship. Amen. It becomes a love affair where there's nothing more important in life. You know your job your your your the dayto-day work affairs the cares of life. All of those things just fall by the wayside because you have a relationship now where you've come in contact with something that is eternal, something that is greater, amen, than than anything that this world can offer. And that's the love of God. Amen. And so may the love of God be greater in our life this coming up year than what it was this year. Amen. This coming up year, may it be greater. And so, Brother Bam makes this great quotation here in the message, things that are to be. He says, "Jesus only asked for one thing in his prayer to the father." You know what that was? one thing. After all his sacrifice that he did here on earth, the life that he lived, the path that he walked, he asked for one thing, that where I am, they may be also. Amen. That where he is, you can be also. Shalom tabernacle can be also. That where I am, they may be also. He asks for our fellowship. That's the only thing he asked the father in the prayer, your companionship forever. Oh man, isn't that something, friends? And so just think now in 2026, how much fellowship are you going to give him? Amen. That was his heart's desire. So what's hindering you? Amen. I know we get busy. We put so many things of such high value and but we're forsaking the greatest thing. Amen. We we we we get so caught up in the things of the world and even in church programs and church this and even you know even how brother Brandham often dramatized how Moses freshly commission was so caught up in in in that program that he forgot to circumcise his child. Right? So sometimes we forget the littlest things. Amen. But let's just let's just lay aside all of the excuses. Amen. All of the all of the like I said church quarrels. all the fleshly ways, all the fussing, all of the the my ideas and and all the what is you know all of our pride, all of our egos, all of these things so we can truly enter into a full fellowship with the Lord Jesus Christ. How many has that desire? Amen. There's nothing more important than to constantly stay in his fellowship, you know, and uh some of the times we we get so like know-it-alls, you know, some I heard one brother say quote misters, right? We got a quote for everything and quote quote quote quote quote, you know, but how much how much do you know about the God of the quotes? Is that right? H how have you been in his presence? Have you felt that supernatural anointing? Have you seen his word unfolding and being made manifest in your life? Or is this just a religion to you? Is it an encyclopedia to you of information? Or is it a love affair? Amen. Because this is the hour of the descending of the capstone of perfect love. Amen. And this of course is the greatest battle ever fought. But we're now striking that final hour for the last great kill. There are sons of God around the world. Amen. That have been raised up, that have been stripping down. Stripped down and and and somebody's coming on the scene to fulfill the word of of of this prophet. Is that right? Amen. And so, may 2026 be that year for you. May it be the last great kill of your fleshly ways, of your your little fusses, and your quarrels and and and and your excuses. is may it be may it be the last great kill for you to have a full surrendered life to the Lord Jesus Christ and to so that way you can know him in the power of his resurrection. Amen. Amen. Not just a quote Meister. Amen. But the power of the living God coming upon you and breaking you. Amen. And making you a complete prisoner as he did Samson. Is that right? Amen. That's the only kind of people that are going in the rapture is not quote meers. Is not church members. is not preachers, ministers, piano players. It's prisoners. Prisoners of his love. Those that have had their intellects completely emptied out. He can't use any of your intellects. You must become completely hollowed and filled with his love. Amen. So, are you under great anticipation for this hour? &gt;&gt; Amen. And it's an hour of final deliverance. It's an hour of perfect healing, complete healing. Amen. And so now, brother Brandon would say here in this message, God has a provided way. He says, "Now here sits a group of people here tonight." And I know he's speaking here of a church setting, but I want to put us under expectation. So here we are for the last great kill. Here we are for the final and complete healing. Amen. Now, here sets a group of people here tonight setting, waiting under great anticipation. And Satan, if he can interrupt your mind, that's all he has to do. But let's go in now for the great kill just now to drive Satan and all of his powers plum out of the building. Amen. Amen. So, I don't know if that's your desire or not, but may God create that desire within you for 2026 starting at 12:01 a.m. tonight. Amen. We must redeem the time for the days are evil and what you are not aware of will destroy you. Yes, sir. Amen. This is too late of an hour to just play church. Is that right? And so in reading this, I was reminded when when God came down in Genesis 18 to visit Abraham and in his in his humble dwelling there in his home. How many knows the story? Everybody is familiar with it. You know, he just, you know, out of 16 elements formed himself a body and he said, "Come here, Michael. Come here, Gabriel." And he came down for what purpose? To have fellowship with his son. Oh my. Think about that. God wants to have fellowship with you. Who do you want to have fellowship with? Amen. We spend so much of time on our phone trying to answer these people's problems, these people problems, this question, this question, this fuss in the church, this thing going on. But what about your fellowship with God? After all, you've exhausted all of your energy, all your mental capacity. You've got five minutes before you lay down to fellowship with God, &gt;&gt; you know, or you're too tired or you're too this, you got to do the dishes, you got to do this, that, or the other. But let's stop. Amen. Bring a halt to that. Amen. And let's let God have some fellowship with us this year. Amen. more than ever before because this is the final hour for the last great kill. And so there God came down. He wanted to have some fellowship with his children. Is that right? He wanted to show talk to them about the mystery of the body change. He wanted to talk to them about the mystery of the end of the world and all of these things. And there it was an hour of judgment coming upon the world. But there Abraham, Amen, he was standing in the gap. And so there uh under that great visitation, the prophet of God will go on to say that Satan interrupted Sarah's mind, if you will. Is that right? Sarah, he he just caused Sarah to be a little fussy that morning. What was that? Satan trying to to hinder the move of God. Satan trying to prevent Abraham from recognizing God coming to fellowship with him. Satan just interrupted uh uh uh uh Sarah's mind and cause her to be a little bit fussy. Amen. So just think that's all he has to do is get us a little bit fussy on this or a little bit something like this. Brother, why does brother Israel have to do this? Why can't we do that? Amen. That's Satan interrupting the program of God. Amen. So, let's just throw all that aside and let's enter into this great place now where we can have fellowship with Jehovah God. Amen. For the last great kill. Is that right? Amen. Let me just read another quote here. This is in the message of deceived church by the world. This is the prophet of God prophesying now. Okay. You know, he's he's he he he shows us a mystery in the life of Samson. How Samson was raised up to destroy the enemy. The very enemy that he was raised up to destroy destroyed him. Is that right? And so there Samson came on the scene. He was actually the seventh judge under the seventh apostasy. He came down in that final hour and the angel of the Lord descended and spoke of his birth and gave him a Nazerite vow of seven locks, the sevenfold covenant, all these things that was a secret that he was not to give away. But there, amen, the enemy trapped him. We know the story. He ended up plucking his eyes out. And so there he was completely defeated after the eyes had went off the scene as it were. And there he was, a total prisoner. I wonder if that's the hour that God has brought some of us to. Amen. To where we can just be a total prisoner to him. And as I think I can't remember who said it, but God Yeah. Brother Brother will just in training horses. God will allow these pressures to come in your life for what purpose? To get you to be a complete prisoner. Samson was a prisoner. Paul was a prisoner. William Brandham was a prisoner. The Lord Jesus was a prisoner. How much more ought we in this hour as the bride of Jesus Christ to fulfill the final call, the final hour, the rapt, you know, the resurrection rapture. How much more ought we to be prisoners? How much more do we need to be prisoners? Amen. We get so kind of highminded that we've got all this knowledge, but Amen. Your knowledge is not going to do you any good, friends. You must get his mind. Amen. So, we know the story. There was Samson bounds led being led now by a little child exactly how God wanted him. He could lead himself at one point in time, but he in order to destroy the enemy for that final kill, he had to be led by a child. Amen. And so here the prophet of God is saying here, here's the only hope that I have this morning to wind up my message is this. While Samson was bound, a new shock of hair growled out. Hallelujah. Amen. God sent us another church just before the end time that the power of the Holy Ghost can come into her and the demonstrations of the spirit. Mark 16 can follow the church. Acts 2 and4, Acts 2:38, all of it will be following right along with the church. Signs and wonders accompanying the apostles, great signs of his resurrection accompanying them. While we're in prison, surely God's got a crop growing. Surely God's growing a crop somewhere for the last great kill. May it be you, my Christian friend, here this morning, may it be your strength has be to grow. Amen. So God is growing a crop for the last great kill. And the prophet God will go on to say in another another spot talking about Jesus resting. He said, "I wonder if he's resting between revivals." Amen. So, we know we had a revival, great sweeping world revival where revival fire I'm just closing here in just a few seconds where revival fires were burning on every hillside. But then now Jesus is taking a little rest. Is that right? Trying to get a few prisoners here and there, trying to to to uh uh strip a few down here and there as the prophet of God said, you know, speaking of the of what would bring the bride's revival. Is that right? There's only one thing that can bring a revival to us in this hour and we have to have the prescription that the prophet has laid out in this hour. Amen. It has to be oil and wine. Amen. Is the only thing that that can bring revival. Is that right? So may all of our quotes, may all of our doctrine, may may this year may turn into wine and become stimulating power in our life to transform us above all the things of the world, above all of our sins bound exist existence, all of our fleshly ways. And and and let's enter into 2026. Amen. On fire for the Lord, making time for God. Amen. What's more important? You know, your your job is going to cease. says Paul said, "Your money perish with you." What are you going to do with it? Amen. Oh my. And so we put so much emphasis on that when we ought to be putting emphasis on the fellowship of the Lord Jesus Christ. Is that right? There's nothing more important than that. And I'll just say quickly uh I don't know if the musicians are coming, but I'm I'm done right now. I just just a real quick testimony, you know, uh here speaking of the fellowship of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. That amen. We got to make time for him, friends. And you know, just the other night, uh, again, fellowship, he woke me up really early in the morning around 1:30 in the morning. I was praying about some things. I was kind of a little bit of a head cold and was a little weak in body. I said, "Lord, if you I didn't wake up till one night and I felt really bad. I said, Lord, if you want me to if you want to get these things across to me, you're going to have to give me strength." And man, by the grace of God, he woke me up at 1:30 in the morning. And my, we were just having a jubilee all the way until I had a very important business meeting that morning. But I tell you friends, that fellowship was more important than any business meeting, whatever it is. So, I canceled the business meeting. I said, I'm just going to worship my Lord because what's being revealed right now is way more important than any business meeting. I don't care if you're Sorry, Brother John. I don't care if you're if you're doing something for the government, if you're doing this, that or the other. There's nothing more important than this. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, may God create that desire in your heart. May we have a real church. Is that right? Full of not not quote misters, not somebody so strong and intellectual and all this, know it all, but weaklings. Amen. That those that have mastered the thought of human ability. Amen. prisoners of love that cannot have their minds interrupted by Satan. Is that right? So, let's let's buckle up the full armor of God now and enter into a full fellowship for perfect love to descend upon us for the last great kill. Would that be your desire? So, all the foolishness, the fleshly ways, the bobbed hair, the painted face, all these little tendencies will just fall by the wayside, friends. Amen. So, God bless you. May the Lord be with you. May the love of God be with you. Let's just pray real quick and let's stand to our feet. Let's just offer a word of prayer. I know brother Israel will probably go into the to the new year with a word of prayer, but uh let's just get ready. We'll have a a prayer for the prayer service. All right. So, let's just open up our hearts and uh again, you know, you can just pray in your own way. I you know, I want a refilling of the Holy Ghost. I want a rededicate my life. I want a reconsecration. I don't want to take any baggage with me, you know. I don't want to take any If there's anything we need to make right, let's make it right tonight. We don't want to take it with us into the new year. Amen. We want to start off the new year fresh on a clean slate as it were, renewed in our strength and our faith and our love and our determination and our focus for God. Amen. And so, let's just open up our hearts. You can pray in your own way and and we'll just pray together and let's just be sensitive to the Holy Spirit. Let's quieten ourselves down. I was just listening to the sills and brother Ram said, "I'm trying to walk so quietly." Amen. In this late hour, may we may we just not get caught up in the noise of the world or the glitter of the world or the fashions of the world or the cares of life, but may we walk quietly, humbly, simply before our God. And may we be available for the supernatural. May we may we be may we be easily led and easily entreated. Gentle. Amen. The prophet said to walk with God, we we must we must be gentle. Sister, you can play something softly. To walk with God, we must be gentle. We must be humble. We must walk in love. As the as the scripture says that because iniquity shall abound, the love of many shall wax cold. May the coldness flee your home. May there not be any May you turn your home into into a prayer service. Amen. May may your homes be consecrated. May your homes be full of the love of God. May May the May the foolishness, the TVs, the internet, the anything that's hindering Amen. When's the last time you had an angelic visitation in your home? When's the last time you had a supernatural visitation? And when's the last time you had a a dream, a vision, a prophecy, a healing, a thus sayeth the Lord? And yet we claim to be an apostolic church that has had our faith restored, but yet we're walking in the flesh, drifting from church service to church service, intellectual, full of quotes, full of knowledge. May God strike every bit of it down. And may we open up our hearts to him and just walk in fellowship knowing that that after all his three and a half years of of ministry. That was the one thing that he wanted more than anything was to have fellowship with us. And so we may we make our homes available to have fellowship. May we make our rooms, our prayer closets, our cars, our automobiles. Remember, don't let don't let this evening pass by without having some fellowship with him. Let's just open up our hearts. Heavenly Father, Lord, we thank you, Father, that we can, Lord, the great God of heaven, the great supreme creator of eternal life of of of the heavens and earth, of the universe, you desire to have fellowship with us, Father, Lord, and may you give us grace, Father, as the Lord, I'm reminded how the animals, Lord, they know their maker, but us men, women, we think we know it all. We're heady, high-minded, lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God, truth breakers, false accusers, incontinent despisers of those that are good. Father, may not may that not be amongst us, Lord. But may your word become rich to us, Father. May we enter into the secret closet, Lord. And Father, may the water of this word turn to wine in our in this hour. May it become stimulated, Father. Bless brother Israel. Bless the church, Father. Give us a fresh revival, Lord. A revival, Father. Lord, as the prophet said, raise up speakers of tongues, Lord. Give us visions, dreams. Raise up mighty men, Father. Lord, teach us, Lord, of your ways. Cap off the pyramid of our lives, Father. Lord, raise up, raise us up, Father, from this slumping, sick bound existence, Father, of just barely making it. Father, we want to be overcomers, Father. Lord, may the pure unadulterated revealed word in his full strength, Father, be ministered from this pullpit, Lord, that every captive can be set free, Father. Lord, because the sin is raging, Father, the power of the enemy is so strong, and there's nothing of such keeping power outside of the revealed word that you have brought in this hour, Father. Lord, may you visit Israel with a fresh anointing, Lord, a fresh inspirations, Lord, of the Holy Ghost, Father. Lord, to find those in between places that the prophet of God said, "I wish we could have time, Lord, to find these secret passages in the scripture, Lord. May those secret passages be unlocked, Father, and bring out the the hidden mana this year, Lord, that's reserved for the overcomer, Lord, that we can have a real revival that that oil and wine can be plentiful, Lord, in this church. Father, may Lord, as the meal has been ground out every bit, Lord, this Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever, may we take our two sticks and bake it into reality. Father, two sticks of crucifixion, Lord. May we have a crucified life. Father, forgive us, Lord. Forgive us of our fussing, of our quarrel, quarrels, of our temperamental ways, of our allowing Satan to interrupt our minds and disturb the program of God. May you forgive us, Lord. We want to repent, Lord. We want to just empty all out before you. Fill us, Father. Cleanse us from all righteousness, Father. We commit, Lord, this remainder of the service into your hands. We love you, Father. And we give you our heart, Lord. May you take it and use it, Father. each and every heart Lord in Jesus name we pray. Amen and amen. &gt;&gt; Thank you brother. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Amen. I think at this time we have uh the slideshow for the end of the year. If that's ready, sis. Is it? Yeah. Okay. So, just be seated and this will be a few moments and we'll play that. Then I'll have brother Joe Robson come. Brother Art Salceto will come and then I will close up in her prayer into the new year. God bless you. [Music] [Music] Happy birthday Yeah. [Music] Heat. [Music] Do I [Music] heat [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Are you [Music] I can't. I can't. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. N. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Everybody I know. Everybody I know. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey, Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] Oh, praise the Lord. Thank the Lord. Thank you, Sister Heather and Sister Aaliyah. They did that. Takes a lot of work to put that together. How many love the Lord tonight? &gt;&gt; Amen. Almost this morning. And uh we just want to thank the Lord for his goodness and mercy to us. Um I have one scripture I'd like to read for you out of Ephesians chapter 3 and um Ephesians chapter 4 as well. Ephesians chapter 3 verse Number 14. For this cause I bow my knees unto the father of our Lord Jesus Christ, of whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named. And then Ephesians 4:es 5, one Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God and father of all who is above all and through all and in you all. And um those are just highlighting that it's a family of God that we belong to and he's the father and he's uh above all of us. He works through all of us and he's actually in all of us and that's our love and respect towards each other is um our heavenly father working through us. Amen. And so as we move forward into the coming year, I'd like to encourage all of the fathers um to take their role in the house of the Lord in their own homes, leading that charge, leading that way along with mom and the children and each individual, each brother, each sister, each young person to take that responsibility as we see that day approaching. And I know that as we've heard tonight, the tremendous testimonies of what the Lord has done for the different brothers and the different ones. And uh we want him to continue doing that. And he does that by his holy spirit. Amen. Amen. So um brother Joe Robson, would you come and greet the saints? He's one of the elders, deacon among us. He serves very very well and uh he's always available to do um he's one of the tallest one among us but he knows how to hide very well. I mean I don't really know when Joe's birthday is. I never see him hardly eat. I know he does but he he hides very well and you know stuff has to get done. any kind of praise, any kind of acknowledgement. He we don't probably acknowledge him how how we should, but we certainly appreciate him, don't we? &gt;&gt; And so, Amen. Thank you, brother Israel. I love you. Appreciate you so much. Appreciate everybody. Brother Israel mentioned he might call me up here the other day, and I told him I didn't have anything to say. Um, and I'm definitely not going to take you into the new year. Um, but I do want to tell you I love and appreciate each and every one of you. Brother Israel didn't give me a time limit. He has that much faith and trust in me. So, I was going to tell you I'd take an hour or something, but we're so close. I certainly won't do that. Um, remember our precious sister Tila. She had to leave. I was a little concerned about her because she was moving very slowly and we know she's had back problems and things. So, we'll just hold her up in prayer together tonight. We appreciate her. Appreciate each and every one of these brothers. Brother Trevor leading us in worship, Brother Ben, Brother Will, Brother Nathaniel, and uh I might have a little bit of hype, but I always look up to Brother Art here, and he's he is the real deal. And I appreciate you, my brother, so much. It was nice to see you, thought about you, wasn't sure you're going to make it. He was telling us outside, you know, they that they don't make them like Brother Carpenter and these old ones anymore. they would start at 7 or 8 and go to the new year. I was complaining a little bit, you know, to him and and I appreciate you and Sister Annabelle so much, my brother. I do look up to you and and I think we have a hero of the faith. I got to meet sister Beth the yesterday in person and I look up to my precious sister as well. We know Job. There's a time they were looking for somebody and and the Lord said, "Have you considered my servant Job or my servant Beth?" He didn't. He We've all Israel has taught us our test and trials are custom made for you, for me. And she was up there and she got a custom trial for her and she made it through with just what do they say? Colors, the glowing colors, the shining colors. And we appreciate you, my sister. And of course, Brother Kim and Sister Hedi. Sister Hedi didn't say a whole lot in the testimony. I gave her a little bit of a hard time, but I know she was right there through the thick and the thin, and we appreciate him so much. I'm proud of these kids tonight, too. My precious brother Josiah, he's already been in a 7:00 service. That would have been my choice, but then he got to come here. And we appreciate I'm proud of you. And I know they got to pick up the the in-laws tonight, and so maybe they'll slip out or whatever. I'm proud of each and everyone. And brother Billy, we're proud of you, too, my brother. And thank you for joining us tonight. I don't stay up late except I got to pick up a granddaughter, not a son, but maybe a granddaughter. We did this till 2:00 a.m. last night to warm up, to get the kids here, or to worship. So, it's just a fine thing to do with each and every one of you. And we appreciate especially the post family so much. um these labors of love, Sister Sharon, Cararissa, Levi, Aaliyah, and so we're thankful for them tonight and each of you, the board, and of course, my wife has disappeared and I love her and she keeps me grounded and um I thank the Lord for Sister Aaron. And of course, a year ago, it's a lot of river water has gone under the bridge. It doesn't seem like, but yesterday we were worshiping in a bank and then the brothers were looking at this facility and I said, "Oh my, 900,000. It it just wasn't much. I didn't have much of a vision. I didn't know the Lord was going to give it to us at half price." And I would have never envisioned as nice as a facility as we got. And of course, we get here and then I complain about this, that, or the other. But it's good to go back and just remind ourselves of what we had. And yes, we want to make it better. We want it perfect. We want to improve. and we will always do that. But just look look was nice to be reminded of where we came from. We had a Peru um my nephew gave a Peru report and they don't have you know just dirt floors and things over in South America and those things. And so we're just thankful for what the Lord has done for us above and beyond what we could have asked or imagined as it says also in Ephesians. So, we're so thankful and grateful to have worked together with you for it. Um, and may we ever just improve and make it better. I was telling the brothers the other day at the prayer meeting, um, of course, Brother Brandham has reminded us many times of what God's time piece is. Do any of the children know what that is? Brother Nathaniel, you, uh, Robson, you know what the time piece, God's time piece is? Do you remember Timothy? Israel. How many knows there was some miracles over in Israel this year? U many of you know what happened of course in Gaza a couple years ago and then the enemies just came at them in every way. And I won't go into those things but we know there is a myriad of miracles in 2025 from Lebanon to Iran to Syria. The kidnapper or the um the ones that were kidnapped to bring them home. And so we know that time is short. Brother Nathaniel is reminding us they're calling for to make Aaliyah a very uh diligent and great effort to bring the Israelites home. We know there's 144,000. We know time is short. So we just want to do like the brothers have reminded us. The Rams say we're not playing church anymore. And so we just want to line right up the best we can. Revelations 3 we all know reminds us to be zealous and repent. So I just want to exhort each one to turn from the world to sin. P pursue Christ passionately with everything that we are. Don't want to be lukewarm. Those will get spit out. But but we want to be on fire for the Lord. Amen. Saints John 3 tells us Jesus answered and said, "Verily I say unto thee, except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God." And so that's for you, our children, and each one. We just want to encourage them that way. We raise them up, but um we teach Sunday school on these things and surprising sometimes. They just need a little encouragement. They've been around these things, but maybe not have that experience. And we just want that for each one. So, God bless you. Going to read a couple of quotes real quick like if we could. You've heard these recently. Just when we come across something the pastor says or these things, we uh try to capture them in our phones and things. So, you've heard them all before. Just a real quick reminder on a real leader. This one my brother uh sent and we sent to the board the other day. Brother Brandham saying these warriors that was in David stayed right by his side. That would have been difficult to do when you seen him falter a little bit but they stayed by his side. If Philistine came up he had to fight whoever it was they were picked on every side. Poor David in his mind all confused. He thought how can it be Lord? You know leaders sometimes listen up here saints. This is brother Brandham speaking. Leaders sometimes go through things a congregation don't know what they're going through. When you think of promises God has made them, why don't it come to pass? They don't tell their congregation. They don't tell the people they associate with. But there's many flusterations in the heart of a real leader. There's a real leader behind me. I wouldn't want his position for anything, but we're happy to serve and put our shoulders to the will with him. Another one uh we came across the other day, be perfect. Said, "Be ye therefore perfect even as heavenly father is perfect." How can you be when it's not my perfection? It's not your perfection. It's his perfection of his word. He chose you. You never chose him and he brought you into Christ and you are secured with Jesus Christ. Just perfect as Christ was before God. For you're not standing with your own. You're standing in him with one thing. I believe God. Oh, I love him. Oh my. On the other side of Eden. Amen. What a wonderful time be someday. You look back down and say, "What did I fear? Look at the joy I missed." We don't miss the joy, saints. Young man, young woman this morning. Old man, never been a Christian. God continually knocked at your heart. Oh yes, you might come in at the end of the road, but you'll have no joy. There'll be no stars in your round to shine. I don't want to stand like that. I want to hear him say, "It was well done, good and faithful servant." I want to show him my appreciation. That's a little bit about what we're doing here tonight s is just showing our appreciation. And then in the new year, just one more quote. I want encourage each one to be positive. This is for brother Joe. Sister Aaron does real good at this and a balance because I'm a little to the other side. So it's a strange thing. It's a strange thing that this is so much thought of. People, they say, "Well, I'm weak. My faith is not very much. I'm a not a very good Christian. That's just what the devil wants you to say. You're just talking his language right then. You mustn't never say that. Don't ever let your testimony be negative. That it be positive all the time. Know you've heard all these things. Just a friendly uh humble reminder. I'm the least among you. I I would say I don't maybe always act like it, but you pray for me. And we just love to serve you and appreciate each and everyone. God bless you. Thank you, brother Joe. Amen. Amen. God bless you. So, brother, um, yes, it must be time to go home. So, we have our good brother, brother Art Salceto from um in the Mesa area. He uh he's He serves the Lord very well and we certainly appreciate brother Art and Sister Annabel. They're very very faithful. Um between him and Brother Joe when I see them in in the building in the crowd, it just takes a relief off of me. If I just know they're somewhere around, they'll handle it or take care of it. And so I appreciate that about Brother Joe and I appreciate that about Brother Art. And um we've known Brother Art for many years. and he's been steady and faithful all along. He um sees things and what he sees he tells me. And so and sometimes it's not comfortable. But that's what I want to hear. I don't want to hear the smooth things all the time because the smooth things won't help us to grow and get better. And so he always says just FYI, he always, you know, has always has these FYIs [Laughter] But I appreciate brother Art and I know you all appreciate him and love him. And so as brother Art, would you come and share a few things? Word of the Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; Appreciate you. &gt;&gt; Amen. I'm sorry I'm the last one. I apologize. So um I just one thing I I will let you all know. Um the board knows this, brothers knows this, and just our hearts are here. And you know, one time before uh we lost our job, we applied for many jobs out here, but we didn't get one bite. So know that had the Lord opened that door, we'd be here. But uh in the meantime, every Sunday morning, every Sunday night, we're watching you all. So just know that. So um this is Shalom Tucson. We are Shalom Phoenix. We are all shalom, one pastor. And I'm thankful for brother Israel. if I uh had confidence in another brother like I did him, we'd be there. I don't have that confidence. God didn't show me that. So, I am grateful to God that um as brother Joe said, we have a leader. He's very humble about it and I'm very thankful for him. &gt;&gt; Can't Amen. I can't say enough I can't say enough of good things about Brother Israel. Um I appreciate his time in prayer. I appreciate uh his friendship. And the one thing I do want to encourage you all if you do have a problem, don't go amongst one another. Give your pastor a call. Say, "I got something that's eating me and I need to talk to you about it." Because that's what a pastor's for. Brother Ram said he was the ox who was a burden bearer. So, um, know that you cannot pray for brother Israel too much. Not possible. You cannot pray for him too much. You cannot pray for his family too much. It's not possible. Smite the shepherd and the sheep will scatter. He's got a goal and that's to take out the pastor. If you can't take out the pastor, he's going to work on his family. So where's our prayer need to be? &gt;&gt; You take time to take time to pray, you pray for him and then you pray for his family because they need it more than we do. Without him, where's the church? I'm not saying this to lift up a man. I'm saying it because of what God placed a shepherd with the pastor, right? that's where he placed him to be. So, that being said, what I thought I'd do, there was two points, but I'm only going to make one for you because I want to make sure that there's uh what can be said can be a help to you all. I'm not a minister. I'm just your brother in Christ. Yet, I thought maybe if I could share something that would be you can learn from my mistakes, but it's something that I see. It's in human nature. And uh when I first got saved, this as I started reading the Bible, this scripture jumped out at me and it's been my favorite scripture to this day. I appreciate brother Daniel saying his favorite scripture, but I found out my favorite scripture is actually message because brother Brandham said the most beautiful scripture. So I realized I'm in line with the prophet cuz he said it's the most beautiful scripture. And if you want to know where that's at, it's in the message lean not to your own understanding. He said the most beautiful scripture. And I was like oh praise be to God. God gave me the anointing and that's my favorite scripture. is the most beautiful scripture. What is that scripture? Thank you, my brother. I share that with brother Joe on the the board. I'm like, "Hey, no, brother. This is the most beautiful scripture." That's all there is to it. So, says, uh, "Oh, well, slows a heart to believe all that the prophets have spoken." So, uh, Proverbs 3:es 1-6 says, "My son, forget not my law, but let thine heart keep my commandments for length of days and long life and peace shall they add to thee. Let not mercy and truth forsake thee. Bind them about thy neck. Write them upon the table of thine heart. So shalt thou find favor and good understanding in the sight of God and man. Trust in the Lord with all thine heart, and lean not to thy own understanding. In all thy ways acknowledge him, and he shall direct thy paths. What I want to emphasize here is verse six. In all thy ways acknowledge him and he shall direct thy paths. Why is that so important? I think a lot of times as humans we do things based upon our passion, based upon our energy, based upon where our focus is at, our ambition, and we run towards that way. As a result of that, we get ourselves in trouble. Then we wonder why why am I in the why am I in this mess I'm in? Why am I currently in this mess I'm in? Did we take time to consult the Lord? Many years ago, I just had a a passion to go into sales. I don't know why. I just felt like I'd be good in sales. I had no idea why. And an opportunity came where um a dealership was like, "Hey, you know, I was buying a car." And he's like, "Have you thought about work, you know, becoming a salesp person?" I'm like, "Yeah, I'd love to do that." And so um quit my job and and I was going to go do that. And so there was this UPS driver who was a Christian and uh nominal Christian but nice man. And uh he said um he said I heard you're leaving. I said I am. He said where you going? I told I'm going to come back Toyota be a salesperson. He said you consult the Lord about that. Yeah. Um but it slapped me in the face cuz I didn't I just did what I wanted to do. And I started to see we had working crazy early hours to late hours. And my daughter, she was a baby. She didn't recognize me when I'd come home at night. And so I realized, wow, that's I didn't consult the Lord on that one. I just uh follow what I thought was right. I didn't miss church though. I went to church every Wednesday, every Sunday morning, every Sunday night. But still was affecting me spiritually because I didn't consult the Lord on it. Another one was uh recently is I had to have a hard conversation conversation with my boss and uh it didn't go so well and I was like man I flopped that one and I realized you know what I didn't consult the Lord on that one. Another time came I had to have a direct conversation with my counterpart and I called brothers. I'm like hey could you pray about this? I need to need to have a pretty direct conversation. It's not something I'm excited doing. I flopped the first time I prayed about it. and he prayed about it and I was like, "God, please help me cuz I I hate to have these conversations." But I had it and it worked out well. He's like, "Hey, I appreciate you coming to me. I uh I can take I can take feedback and I just really appreciate you rather going behind my back, you coming to me face to face." I was like, "I just that's so I am. I'd rather be clean before men, right? Because you got to realize the only Christ they'll see is the one with arms, legs, and feet, right? And that's us. Brother said, "He has no arms but mine and yours. No feet but mine and yours." So I want to encourage you all today is if you find yourself in a trial, ask yourself this question. Did you consider the Lord before you did it? Did you pray about it before you did it? You know, when I'm with my wife, I want to consider the Lord when I'm with my wife. You know, if you wives have a heart have to your husband did something that bothered you. Did you consider the Lord to sit down before you talk to him? You children, before you go to school, when you put something on, are you considering the Lord about what you're putting on, what you're looking at, what you're watching? Are you considering the Lord when you pick up your phone? Do you pick up Do you consider the Lord before you come to church, or is it halfbaked? Do you consider the Lord at your job? You guys get what I'm saying? In all thy ways acknowledge him and he shall direct thy paths. I hope that's helped you. Lord bless you. Amen. Well, God bless you saints. We're happy new year to you. We thank the Lord he's kept us and uh we want to continue going forward. Last Sunday we played the tape um why I'm against organized religion. The week before that, we had our what we call a Christmas service. And um we just had one service and at the end of the service um I felt like the Holy Spirit came down so nicely that in that meeting. all the songs, the choir, all of the specials. And I read a quote that just blessed my heart over and over again where brother Vandom says that that um stargazer told him in commemoration of the greatest gift that ever hit the earth every so many hundred years the Lord sends another gift lesser in commemoration of the greatest gift. And he said, she said, "You're you were born at that crossing time. That's when I knew your birth and that great gift was there." And I just was meditating on that. And the service was so nice and a lot like brother Will says, you tried to you wanted to happen again. You wanted to. And so I couldn't get away from that meeting. That was Sunday. So Monday I came back to the church here and I prayed. I was sharing this with brother Nathaniel says, 'Lord, I would love to have those kind of services every time. What can I do to make that happen? Is there something that I can do or say? Is there something I can to am I in the way from that happening? And but I know his works, his ways are sovereign and he does what he wants to do when he wants to, how he wants to, and through whom he he chooses to. But I I was so grateful and so thankful for that. And I just feel like when the Lord blesses us, it's it's the proper thing is to come back and say, "Lord, thank you." Amen. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord, for another day to serve you. Thank you for another year. You've blessed us, Lord. You've been so good and so kind to us and he's blessed us in so many ways that we can't imagine. And so, it's the Holy Spirit working in all of us. And so, I just want to thank the Lord for his grace and mercy to us. It's been a a real trying year. A lot of pressure, different pressure. And when we're on Broadway, it was a pressure. This was a different pressure this year. But I really feel like the worship services have been some of the best worship services that I can recall. The songs, the worship, the praise, all of that. And I'm so thankful for that. And if I wasn't the pastor of this church and I was coming to the city just to to go somewhere where I can find um some rest spiritually, I I wouldn't mind I wouldn't have a problem coming to this church. Does that make sense? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, okay. So, you understand what I'm saying. I'm not lifting up this church. I'm just saying I'm so glad that I can worship the Lord in spirit and in truth. And then I just let down, open up my heart, and there's people here I love and trust and there's no funny nothing. And so I just appreciate each of you. I love you so much. And may God richly bless you. I'd like to go into the um the new year here just uh reading the scripture and um we'll take the scripture. I didn't premeditate this, but we'll take that Psalms 27 that I love so much. I actually read it every Sunday morning right from this pull pit when when I can and pray before I prepare. If you would stand with me, we'll read this all together. Brother Brandham actually reads this scripture when he preaches the rapture. Am I right about that? &gt;&gt; So who's the rapture for? &gt;&gt; So who is Psalms 27 for? &gt;&gt; Can you claim that tonight? &gt;&gt; How about how about claiming it this morning? &gt;&gt; Psalms 27. That's the bride scripture. All right. Amen. &gt;&gt; Psalms 27. Let's read it all together. The Lord is my light and my salvation. Whom shall I fear? The Lord is the strength of my life. Of whom shall I be afraid? When the wicked, even my enemies and my foes came upon me to eat up my flesh, they stumbled and fell. Though a host should encamp against me, my heart shall not fear. Though war should rise against me, and this will I be confident. One thing have I desired of the Lord, that will I seek after, that I may dwell in the house of the Lord all the days of my life, to behold the beauty of the Lord, to choir in his temple. For in the time of trouble he shall hide me in the pavilion, and the secret of his tabernacle shall he hide me. He shall set me up upon a rock. And now shall my head be lifted up above my enemies round about me. Therefore will I offer in his tabernacle sacrifices of joy. I will sing. Yes, I will sing praises unto the Lord. Here, O Lord, when I cry with my voice, have mercy also upon me, and answer me. When thou said, "Seek ye my face," my heart said unto thee. Thy face, Lord, will I seek. Hide not thy face far from me. Put not thy servant away in anger. Thou has been my help. Leave me not, neither forsake me, oh God of my salvation. When my father and my mother forsake me, then the Lord will take me up. Teach me thy way, O Lord, lead me in a plain path because of my enemies. Deliver me not over unto the will of my enemies. For false witnesses are risen up against me, and such as breathe out cruelty. I had fainted unless I had believed to see the goodness of the Lord in the land of the living. Wait on the Lord. Be of good courage and he shall strengthen thine heart. Wait, I say on the Lord. Verse 14 one more time. Wait on the Lord. Be of good courage and he shall strengthen thine heart. Wait, I say on the Lord. Let us pray. Our dear gracious heavenly father, as we've read these anointed words that were pinned by your servant, the sweet psalmist, King David. Lord, how you anointed him and you used him and inspired him. And we read these words and we've heard your word spoken tonight for many witnesses, Lord. And we stand here, Lord, to declare that we believe you with all of our heart. And we said, we accept you, Lord Jesus, as our Lord and Savior. That you are the King and the leader of our lives. And we rededicate ourselves to you. A fresh Lord, another anointing, a clearer direction. Oh God, we stand here and we declare that your word is true, Lord. And Father, we believe it with all of our heart. We confess that with our lips, that we believe your word with all of our heart. And Father, now Lord, I pray that every family that's represented here tonight, Lord, Father, may you cover them. May you bless them. May you anoint them, Lord. Oh God, we simply lay ourselves at your feet, Lord. We simply surrender our lives into your hands. And you, the sovereign God, will work the works. You'll do the mighty things through us as God above us, God through us all, God working in all of us. You're the father of us all, Lord. These are my brothers and my sisters. This is the family of God, Lord. And I want to serve them properly, Lord, to respect them, Lord, as I respect with respect you, Lord. And our love for one another, may it increase. made and grow. And Lord, as our brother read the quotation to never be negative, always be positive. Never let a negative thought come out of our mouth, Lord. Just arrest it in our minds, Lord. Anything contrary to your word. For your word is true. It's yay and amen. And we claim every blessing. We claim every promise tonight, Lord. We thank you for the old year 2025. We thank you for all of the victories we won. And Lord, we look forward to the victories that lay ahead the road. Lord, we re we receive it, Lord. We claim it, Father. And we just ask you to to bless each one. Bless this church once again. Bless the other assemblies in the city, Lord, in this state. We commit them all into your hands, Lord. We love you. And as we prepare to leave from this place. May your presence ever remain with us. Oh God, give us a burden in our hearts for the sinner here in this city. Give us a burden in our heart for the move of God in our lives. Lord, may we covet earnestly all the spiritual gifts. Lord, may we desire them. May we long for them. May we long for your presence to be with us, Lord. For in the time of trouble, you'll hide us in your pavilion. In the secret of your tabernacle, you'll hide us, oh God. You'll set us up upon a rock. You'll give us a revelation. And now our heads will be lifted above our enemies. We believe that, Lord Jesus. And Lord, we wait on you. We wait on you, Lord, for the rest of our lives is our prayer. Help us not to move before you or lag behind, but to be found in the center of your will is our prayer. Bless each one, we pray. We commit our ways to you, Lord. In the mighty name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we ask it. Amen. And her church says, "Amen." &gt;&gt; Amen. I love you. [Music] I want to serve you, Lord. You've been so good to me. You make my air renew all the grace you show. A gater love ever known. Oh, Lord. Oh, I love you. Brother Dylan, why won't you come? You can sing. Lord, I love you. Sing. I want to serve you. Oh, you've been so good. good to me. Has he been good to you? Every need, no greater. All the grace you've ever shown. No greater love. Oh Lord. [Music] Oh, I love you. One more time. Lord, I love you. Lord, I love you. Oh, I want to serve you. Do you want to serve him? You've been so good to me. [Music] You've met [Music] No greater love I've ever known. Oh Lord, [Music] I love you by your grace and mercy. [Music] You brought me through. [Music] Oh, I'm living this moment all because of you. [Music] Oh, I want to thank you and praise you, too. [Music] Oh, your grace and mercy, you brought me through. One more time. In your grace, oh your grace, see [Music] you brought me through. Oh, I'm living this moment. All because of you. Oh, I want to thank you and praise you too. [Music] Your grace and mercy. [Music] You've brought me through. In your grace and mercy, [Music] you brought me through. Oh yes, I'm living this moment and only by his grace tonight because of you. Oh, and I want to thank you and praise you too. Oh, your grace and mercy. Oh, you brought me through. And through the blood, through the blood, we can come into his presence. Through the blood Jesus Christ has made a way so we can come into his presence through the blood. Yes. Through the blood. How many is thankful for the blood? Through the blood we can come into his presence. [Music] Through the blood. Oh Jesus [Music] Christ has made a way so we can come into his presence through the blood. You know friends, I I got to thinking of it, you know. I told dad the other day, I said, "You know, Dad, I was I've been streaming in a little bit." I said, "The worship here has gone up another octave, maybe two, maybe three." When I when I was when I was watching, you know, I just seen people are more looking for more of God. You know, there's more of a hunger. And so, that's something I was able to say to dad. I said, you know, but most of all, there's one thing I can say. I'm I'm looking to go home, man. There's one place I'd rather be, and that's home. I You know, I I think every one of us can agree tonight, but prophet of God said in 1964, future home and heavenly bridegroom, earthly and the earthly bride, he says, "There will come a time, people, we're not gathering here for in vain." He says, "We're not uh we're only waiting for that time." Brother Bram says it's very very late but Jesus is still very very near and his glory it's wonderful and his name shall be called counselor that city can you see it there is where the bride and the groom will settle and never again to you now if you think it's wonderful when we drive hundreds of miles to sit here and to feed on his word he called it just a shadow but what would it be when we live in that city with him. When I live nextdoor neighbor to you and when we eat of those trees and we walk down the streets of gold and we walk up the streets of gold and to the fountain and drink from the fountain, walk in the paradises of God and angels hovering the earth singing the anthems. Oh, what a day that will be. It's worth all. The road seems rugged. Sometimes it gets hard. But he said it will be so little. So little. What were the bad names and what were the things that they said? What will that be when I live in the city or when I see him in that beautiful, beautiful city of God? How many are looking forward to that? Every single one of us have loved ones. I've gone over there. The time is approaching and it's very near. And I just thank the Lord for being able to be here tonight. My I don't know where my wife went. She I guess was dealing with the baby. But so good to see you. We love you. You know, I remember back with brother Will. I used to hang out with him several times and you know, we'd ride horses together and I was little cowboy sometimes. I think I was a wannabe cowboy. But you know, I remember brother Will, he would be playing a tape on the way to go uh ride horses and he'd stop the tape and say, "Dylan, did you hear that? Maybe I need to play it again. Press play again. Did you hear it? Then pause it. Press plays again. Did you hear it now? You see, and I I thank brother Will for that. And I thank God for Brother Will. Where would we be without the message? &gt;&gt; We'd be lost. &gt;&gt; But the message is what will set you free. will set you free. Without this message, we are a hopeless people. My desire is to see lost come to know God. [Music] The hour is approaching, friends, where God is going to call us home. We got to be ready, brother, we got to be ready. Let's just pray. Gracious heavenly father. Father, how thankful we are to have been in your house tonight. Lord Jesus, we thank you for the year of 2025. And Father, we thank you for everything that you've done, Father, and everything that you're continuing to do, Lord Jesus. Father, I pray just now, Lord, as we leave this building, Father, tonight or this morning, Lord, and the year of 2026, Lord, Father, that you'd go with us, Lord Jesus. Father, everything that we'd say, Lord Jesus, everything that we do, Father, would you just move with us and go with us, Lord Jesus, and talk with us along the way, Father. Lord God, I pray that in the year of 2026 that you'd give us a revival, Father, down on the inside of the hearts, Lord Jesus. Father, the prophet of God says, "God, create in me a revival." Lord Jesus, make me the revival and make me to hunger, Lord Jesus. Make me to thirst after more of you, Lord Jesus. Father, create that what is needed in me. Lord Jesus, and I can say what a prophet said tonight, Lord Jesus, create in me a revival, Lord Jesus, make me the revival, &gt;&gt; Father, set us free, Lord Jesus. Father, just move in this church, Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Father, as the year goes on, Lord Jesus, would you just have your way? Have preeminence, Lord, as the prophet said. It's time that the word has preeminence, Lord. Lord Jesus, I I give you preeminence, Lord Jesus, over my family, Lord God. I give you preeminence over this church, Lord Jesus. We ask that you'll just move, Lord Jesus, like you've never moved before. Would the services get richer and richer and richer, Lord Jesus, with more and more of you, Lord Jesus, in the name of Jesus Christ. Father, as this year goes on, Lord Jesus, we ask you'd grant it, Lord God, if there's someone that's sick here tonight, Father, just touch them now from the head to the soles of their feet, Lord Jesus, in Jesus' name. And their church says, "Amen." Maybe we could sing that song. I want more of Jesus. You know that one? I want more of Jesus. More and more and more. I want more of Jesus than I ever have before. [Music] So rich so far. Oh, I want more of Jesus. So I'll give him more of me. I want more of Jesus. More and more and more. Oh, I want more of Jesus. Happy for and I want more of his great love. So rich, full and free. Oh, I more of Jesus. Give him more of me. Shake somebody's hand and tell them more and more and more the Lord [Music] and I want more his great love rich and free. I want more of Jesus. So, more of me. One more time. One more time. He allowed us to come together. One more time. Oh, one more. One more time. One more. I'm so glad he allowed us come together one more. One more time. One more time. One more time. He allowed us to come together. I'm so glad to be here one more. One more time. He allowed us to come together one more time. Oh, one more time. [Music] Oh, he allowed us to sing together. I'm glad to be here just one more time. [Music] Just one more time. He allowed us one more. He allowed us He allowed us to sing together. He allowed us He allowed us sing together. Oh, one more time. One more time. He allowed us to come together [Music] one more time. Can I shake your hand one more time? Loud us coming. Can you come up here and shake my hand? Happy New Year. Oh, one more time. Yeah, you all of you come and shake my hand. He allowed us. Thank you, baby. Just one more. Happy New Year. God bless you. Oh, one more. Yes. [Music] He allowed us come together one more. He allowed us. He allowed us. God bless you. Yes, he did. He allowed us. Oh, he allowed. Thank you. Happy New Year. He allowed us to come together. He allowed us [Music] God bless you. Just love somebody. Tell them God bless you. Crystal. Amen. Aaron, God bless you. Just one more job. Amen. Oh, one more. One more time. Good job. I enjoy that. Thank you. [Music] He allowed us. He allowed us come together one. He allowed us He allowed us come together. Just one more time. One more time. One more time. He allowed us to sing together. [Music] Oh, just one more time. He allowed us to sing together one more time. I'm glad to be in the service just one more time. We used to sing that in the old Pentecostal church. Glad to be in the service. I'm glad to be in the service. You know, I'm glad to be in the service. One more time. One more. He didn't have to let me live. No, he didn't have to let me live. You know, I'm glad to be in the service. Well, you don't know how I act after midnight. This is me. I'm glad to be in the service. Tell somebody, glad to be in the service. You know, I'm glad to be in the service. One more time. Didn't have to let me be here. Didn't have to let me be here. Didn't have to let me be here. But I'm glad to be in the service one more time. God bless you. God be with you. You're dismissed. God be with you. Amen. Happy New Year. God bless you. [Music] What? Let me see one more. I got one more. I see. [Music] God bless you. Glory be with you. Amen. This joy that I have, the world didn't give it to me. This joy that I have, the world didn't give it to me. This joy I have, you know, the world didn't give it to me. The world didn't give it. The world can't take it away. And the Holy Ghost that I have, the world didn't give it to me. The Holy Ghost that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Holy Ghost that I had. The world didn't give it to me. The world didn't give it. The world can't take it away. Oh, the message that I have, the world ain't giving to me. This message that I have, the world didn't give it to me. [Music] message that I have. World didn't give it to me. The world didn't give it. World can't take it away. This peace that I have, the world didn't give it to me. The peace that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Peace that I have, the world didn't give it to me. The world didn't give it. The world can't take it away. [Music] World didn't give it to me. This peace that I had, world didn't give it to me. You know what? The world didn't give it and the world can't take it away. [Music] I know he's an on time God. Yes, he is. [Music] On time God. Yes, he is. May not come when you want him, but he'll be there right on time. He's an on time God. Yes, he is. He's an ontime God. Yes, he is. Job said he's the on time God. Yes, he is. May not come when you want him, but he'll be there right on time. On time. God. Yes, he is. [Music] Job said he may not come when you want him, but he'll be there right on time. time on time. God, yes, he is. This joy that I have, the world didn't give it to me. This joy that I have, you can't buy it. The world didn't give it to me. The joy that I have, the world didn't give it to me. You know, the world didn't give it. The world can't take it away. You can't take it away. Can't take it away. You can't take it away. You can't take it. You can't take it away. Can't take it away. Can't take it away. The world can't take it away. Can't give it and the world can't take it away. God bless you. Happy New Year. God bless you. [Music] 2. Hey [Music]
