################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-02 - Guest Minister Eliezar Castillo - Brother Eliezer Castillo – Tucson Tabernacle.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-02
Title:   Guest Minister: Eliezar Castillo
Speaker: Brother Eliezer Castillo – Tucson Tabernacle
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dp6uckiYweo
========================================

[Music] God is good and all the time he put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good and all the time and through the darkest nights his light will shine. For God is good and he's so good all the time. And if you're walking through the valley and there's shadows all around. And do not fear for he will guide you and he will keep you safe and sound. For he has promised to never leave you. nor forsake you. And his word is true for God is good. And all the time he put a song of praise in this heart of mine. And God is good. And all the time and through the darkest night, his light will shine. For God is good and he's so good all the time. And we were sinners, so unworthy. still for us. He chose to die and filled us with his holy spirit. Now we can stand and testify and that his love is everlasting and his mercies they will never end. For God is good and all the time he put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time and through the darkest nights his light will shine. For God is good. He's so good all the time. Amen. Isn't God good this morning? Amen. Sunday school, you can go ahead and be dismissed. Uh and then let us stand this morning. Let's get the blood [Music] flowing. when he moves among us. All that he does and all of his mercies and all of his love. If a pin of a rider could ride every day and even this world could never contain. Oh, how I've been blessed. Oh, and warmth in the winter and flowers in spring and laughter at summer and changing of leaves and food on my table. A good place to sleep and clothes on my back and shoes on my feet. Oh, I have been blessed and I have been blessed. God so good to me and precious are his thoughts of you and me. No way I can count them. There's not enough time. So I'll just thank him for being so kind. Oh, God has been good. So good. Oh, I have been blessed. And arms that can raise, a voice that can talk, a hands that can touch, and legs that can walk. Oh, ears that can listen, eyes can see. Oh, I've got to praise him as long as I breathe. Oh, I have been blessed. Oh, I have been blessed. God's so good to me and precious are his thoughts of you and me. No way I can count them. There's not enough time. So I'll just thank him for being so kind. And God has been good, so good. Oh, I have been blessed. Oh, a mother and father who nurtured and raised and sisters and brothers and memories made our pastor to lead us. this altar to pray and stripes that can heal and blood that still saves. Oh, I have been blessed. Oh, I have been blessed. God so good to me and precious are his thoughts of you and me. No way I can count them. There's not enough time. So I'll just thank him for being so kind. For God has been good. So good. Oh, I have been blessed. And he's my shoulder to lean on when I am down. The rock where he leads me when I'm overwhelmed. The place where he hides me under his wing. He's not just a song. He's the reason I sing. Oh, how I've been blessed. And I have been blessed. God so good to me. And precious are his thoughts of you and me. No way I can count them. There's not enough time. So I'll just thank him for being so kind. Oh, I have been good. So good. Oh, I have been blessed. Amen. Have you been blessed this morning? We're blessed to be here this morning. [Music] Amen. You may be seated. [Music] You were the word at the beginning, one with God the Lord most high. Your hidden glory in creation now revealed in you our Christ. What a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a beautiful name it is. And nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus. You didn't want heaven without us. So Jesus, you brought heaven down. My sin was great. Your love was greater. And what could separate us now? What a wonderful name it is. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ, my king. What a wonderful name it is. Oh, nothing compares to this. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus. Death could not hold you. The veil tore before you. You silence the boast of sin and grave. The heavens are roaring. The praise of your glory. For you are raised to life again. For you have no rival and you have no equal. And now and forever God you reign. And yours is the kingom and yours is the glory and yours is the name above all things. What a powerful name it is. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ, my king. What a powerful name it is. Oh, nothing compares to this. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus. What a powerful name it is. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ, my king. What a powerful name it is. And nothing can stand against. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus. Amen. Don't you just love that name, [Applause] Jesus? If the brothers would make way for the prayer request and offering and can we stand this morning? I love you, Lord, and for your mercy never fails me. And all my days, I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of [Music] God. For all my life, you have been faithful. And all my life, you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. And I love your voice. For you have led me through the fire. And on darkest nights, you are close like no other. I've known you as a [Music] father. I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the goodness of God. For all my life, you have been faithful. For all my life, you have been so so good. With every bread that I am, oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you [Music] everything. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. For all my life, you have been [Music] faithful. And all my life, you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, oh I will sing of the goodness of God. Yeah. Yes sir. Amen. We can never sing enough to him. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. He is so so good to us. Welcome visitors. Billy, it's good to see you. This is Josiah's brother here, Billy. Ao, God bless you, my friend. Yeah, you have a you have a song for us a little bit later. Excellent. Praise God. Very, very talented family. Welcome to all the other visitors. Welcome. God bless you. It's good. It's good to have you in service. We pray that after we leave today, we could say that didn't not our hearts burn within us as he spoke with us. By the way, Connie back there, my friend, God bless you. Connie Williams, it's good good to see you. Ki Fuji again staying with with us from Japan. God bless you. Sister Amelia has a prayer request here. It says, "Please keep me in your prayers. I don't feel well." Sister Millia is a widow, someone that relies on prayer. So many times we can rely on ourselves and we can rely on the doctors and and but seems that God has a special place in his heart for the widows because they rely so much on the Lord Jesus. They rely so much on him. And I think that he likes it that way. All of us should rely on him more. And I'll tell you, the Bible says, "Ask abundantly." And we can't ask, I don't think too much. He's there willing to give to us. He He'll give to us in his own time. He'll give us what we need and what's right. But don't be afraid to ask. Brothers, if you could come for the offering, let's all bow our heads. our heavenly father, Lord, to sing your goodness and to sing your praise. We are we're so thankful that Lord that you placed us on us on this earth and that you have showed us that there is a God that hears prayers. There is a God that answers prayers. There is a God that's alive today. And Lord, we thank you that we have been introduced to this God. And we want to know you more, Lord. We want to get to know you. And Lord, the best way that best ways that we know is to come here and to sing songs of praise and to learn of your word. And Lord, we lift up Sister Ameilia before you in prayer and ask that you would heal her. And Father, if there would be any in the congregation right now that would have a request or those that are maybe streaming in online that would have a request for you, Father, with our hands, we would raise them and say, "Lord, remember me for I have a need." Lord, the hands that are raised, I pray that each one would receive what they have have a need of. Lord, that as we pass the offering bags around that that Father, that you would bless the giver, all those that make sacrifices, Father, that you would return what they have given many times over. And Father, that you would bless the offering and that it it might go to the the very best ways to serve your children here, your people here at the Tucson Tabernacle. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. May be seated. If Brother Billy would come and make ready for his song special. Amen. We're going to see Made for [Music] more. I know who I am cuz I know who you [Music] are. The cross of salvation was only the start. And now I am chosen, free and forgiven. And I have a future and it's worth a living. Cuz I was made to be tending a grave. I was called by name. born and raised back to life again. And I was made for more. And so why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am yours and I was made for more. And I know who I am cuz I know who you are. In the cross of [Music] salvation was only the start. And now I am chosen. I'm free and forgive and I have a [Music] future and it's worth the living. Cuz I wasn't made to be tending a grave. I was called by name. Born and raised back to life again. And I was made for more. So why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am yours and I was made for more. And hallelujah. You called out my name, so I'll sing out your praise. In high, you buried my past, so I'm not going back. In high, you called out my name, so I'll sing out your praise. [Music] You buried my past, so I'm not going back. Cuz I wasn't made to be tended a grave. I was called by name. Born and raised back to life again. And I was made for more. And so why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am yours and I was made for more. [Music] as Ghana to be a more [Music] [Music] paroto cloud. [Music] [Music] ador Santo. [Music] Woah. Woah. Woah. Woah. Woah. [Music] Woah. You always have been here with me. Although I felt defeated sometimes with no desire to go on, you come and give me new strength and your love to carry on until the end. And there I will be with the saints who have overcome, who never gave up, who will reign forever more. And there I will be worshiping your name and saying holy, holy, holy is the Lord and I will keep on fighting in your name, oh Lord. Lord to draw closer to you. Much closer to you. Looking away to that cross where you gave your life away to bring me your love and salvation. Your love and salvation. And I will keep on fighting. [Music] N looking away to that cross. [Music] Oh, and there I will be with the saints who have overcome, who never gave up, who will reign forever more. And there I will be worshiping your name and saying holy, holy, holy is the Lord. Wo wo wo wo wo. Holy is the Lord. Wo wo wo wo wo wo. Holy is the Lord. [Music] [Applause] and take my hands and lift them up. For I have not the strength to praise you near enough. For I have nothing. Oh, I have nothing without you. If we could stand this morning and take my voice and pour it out. Let it sing the songs of mercy I have found. For I have nothing. Oh, I have nothing without you. And all my soul needs is all your love to cover me. So all the world will see that I have nothing without you. Oh, and take my body and build it up. May it be broken as an offering of love. For I have nothing. Oh, I have nothing without you. And all my soul needs is all your love to cover me. So all the world will see that I have nothing without you. and take my time here on this earth. And let it glorify all that you are worth. For I am nothing for I am nothing without you. [Music] And all my soul needs is all your love to cover me. So all the world will see that I am nothing without you. Praise God. Now brothers and sisters, I ask that if you have a need of something today, hold it in your heart. And I believe the Lord will give you what you have need of. This young man that's going to be preaching. Many of you know him. He's spoken here before. He's one of the finest young men that I know. He uh the first time I heard him preach, he was, I think, 21 years old. And I saw a gift in his life. even even just at that age. And I knew that one day our paths would cross again. And now it's an honor to have our brother Eleazar Castillo to come and minister for us this morning. Sister Gabriella, I didn't welcome you earlier. Brother Eli's wife and family. God bless you. Thank you. Thank you for coming down and and visiting with us. I know that it may be a burden, but we really appreciate it and we are the benefactors from it. So, God bless you and and thank you. And I introduce my friend and my brother, brother Eleazar Castillo to give us the message this morning. God bless you. And all my [Music] soul needs is all your love to cover me. So all the world will see that I have nothing without you. Sing the chorus one more time. And all my [Music] soul needs is all your love. Amen. to cover me. So all the world will see that I am nothing without [Music] you. Amen. I think that's the testimony of a Christian that there's nothing in us whenever I get get involved with God's work then everything is going to mess up everything I'm going to find myself in the ditch again. But whenever you realize that when you allow God to take control of your life and you say Lord I have nothing. Maybe I have a good uh voice to sing. Maybe maybe I I can do this. Maybe I have this gift. But Lord, I have nothing without you, Lord. And when we allow God to enter in, enter every faculty of our life, our mind, our spirit, our soul. Just watch the miracles in your life. Watch something happen in your life. And I truly believe that's what's happening in our lives. Um let us uh go straight to the scriptures. If you'd like to turn with me to Romans 2 vers we'll start with verse 14 and we'll read all the way to 16. Um I just want to thank brother Daniel Evans allowing me to be here. Um I I know familiar faces, really good brothers that I've met over the time coming here, brothers and sisters. And um it's just so good to see um I can honestly say friends in the gospel and brothers and sisters. And then all the new um faces that I see. God bless you. Um it's an honor to be here and um I'm just so thankful to be here and just to worship and to give God all the honor and glory with you. Acts 24 or I mean uh Romans 2:14 says, "For when the Gentiles which have not the law do by nature the things contained in the law, these things having not the law are a law unto themselves." Now, the King James version, it's it's kind of confusing what he's saying here. He's saying that the Gentiles, of course, who who did God give the law to? It was the Jews, right? So now he's talking about anybody that's not a Jew is a Gentile. And he's saying that these Gentiles that are not Jews that weren't there on Mount Si, they didn't have the law. But not having the law, they still had a law or the law within themselves, and they worked according to that. That's pretty amazing that people that never know the gospel, people that never know the law within themselves have something to govern them right and wrong. Right. 15 it says, "Which show the work of the law written in their hearts, their conscience also bearing witness, and their thoughts the meanwhile accusing or else excusing one another in the day when God shall judge the secrets of men by Jesus Christ according to my gospel." Let us bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, we're just so thankful that you've allowed us to be here. Um Lord, I I know each and every person here has burdens, struggles, and trials, and temptations. But Lord, we set them all aside just to be here congregated together in one place, in one accord. Father, that we may not only feel your presence, but hear from you, Lord. that we can leave here not just feeling a sensation but feeling that our faith has been strengthened that we have a clearer understanding of who you are and what you feel about us Lord what you think about us Lord I just ask that you touch each and every person here let your holy spirit have the preeminence in this place we thank you Lord the name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray amen and amen you may be seated did. Um, for for the past, I believe like two two years, I've just had it in my heart. I believe this is just the Lord kind of guiding me. Um, and that's I believe that's God's will is understanding what's inside of us and understanding that that our flesh is powerless without the control tower inside of our soul. that that before anything can be fixed within our lives, something has to happen within our souls. And we've seen it in the scriptures how how the most important thing is not your outward appearance or anything like that, but it's what's in here. And I I truly believe that's what God or Jesus Christ's ministry was when he came to the earth because his first doctrine was ye must be born again. Because these Jews, all they knew how to be perfect on the outside, how to fix this. Whenever there's a leak in your life, you you try to patch it up right away. And I believe the whole world is in that constant cycle of trying to be a good person, trying to do the right thing. And God, he comes in Jesus Christ and he says, "No, the problem is not the outside. You must be born again." I think that shows what what's wrong with our society today. Now, I'm not into politics, but I I know my my buddy once asked me. He said, "What if what um what would you do if you could do anything in this world? What would you um solve the world hunger or give world peace or do all these things?" He said, "Would you fix the parks or would you take away guns?" And you know, he's just asking me all of these things. And I said, 'Before you can solve hunger, before you can solve world peace, it's it's not taking things away or or uh giving more police officers, but it's changing the heart of the people. Because it doesn't matter what you take away or what you give. If if the heart and the mind are still neurotic go going crazy I in in um thing seeing things that they're not supposed to and and and indulging in those things. It's doesn't matter what we take away or what we give. That's why Jesus says you must be born again. I believe that's what's going to solve everything is a changed heart. And so, um, in thinking of all of these things, um, that's what I kind of want to get into is what what is going within us. What's going on within us? Uh, my title today is imperfect judge. And, uh, I would like to go straight to Acts just to start. Acts 24:16. Here, here is um a picture of the Apostle Paul being judged in front of uh Felix. He he's this great man and and uh the Jews, they've brought him to accuse him of all the wrongdoings that he was doing, but they were false accusing him. They were saying that he was trying to rise up people and and trying to disturb these people and and all of these things. And finally, it's Paul's time to speak. And he starts speaking to Felix and and he says, "All the things that these people are accusing me of, they're not true. They they can't find any evidence of it." He said, "But there's one thing that I do confess that these people are saying right about me. that that the God that I serve, the the that you want to call heresy, that's the way I serve my God. Meaning a crazy person, a holy roller. You know, whenever you truly give your heart to the Lord, it it has nothing to do with religion. It has nothing to do with church. Church is part of it. It's an extension of it. But whenever you truly give your heart to the Lord, oh brother, at at church, all the way to school, to work, at the home life, you are that person. You become that person. That same person that claps their hand here, the one that says amen here, the one that maybe sings and shouts and dances here, is the same one out there. And and and Paul says that same person, I do confess, I am that holy roller. I am that person. And then in in uh verse 16, he says, "Herein I do exercise myself." Now, think about it. He's being accused. He's he's trying to he's being tried as a guilty person. And here he he shows what's in his heart. He says, "Herein I do or herein do I exercise myself to have always a conscience void of offense toward God and toward men." And I truly believe that that's the story of a Christian that no matter what's accused of you or no matter what's going on in your life, if your conscience is clear, let all hell come. That's right. Let everything, let anybody accuse you. Let things come h happen in your life. It doesn't matter. Why? Because your conscience, something within you is void of all offense. Doesn't that feel good? Whenever your your conscience is clear, whenever God can back you up and you can say, "Lord, I've done everything I needed to do. I I I've made everything right." And that's what I want to talk about our conscience within us. I think it's it's a a powerful reminder that this thing that Paul says, it's a powerful reminder that that a clear conscience isn't accidental. That you don't wake up with a clear conscience. It requires a conscience daily effort. He says, "I do exercise." You you want to be fit, you got to exercise every day. In order to have a clear conscience in order to go to sleep with with with uh peace in your heart, you have to exercise to be void of offense of all men and toward God. I believe a clear cons conscience involves being honest with yourself before God that that you have to own your mistakes, making things right with others and aligning your actions with your beliefs. It's not about being perfect. This is not uh legalism. It's not being about perfect. It's about the heart always staying sensitive to conviction and correction. always allow your heart to to be sensitive to those things to know what's right and what's wrong and to go into that path. I I I truly believe that's what needs to happen when we say Lord I want to be clear of my conscience. this kind of living. It takes a self-awareness of our life to be willing to be constantly checked to have our motives and our behaviors checked every day. Now, now I love the word motive because you can't see a motive. You can't see all you can see is the action behind it. And a lot of times you can have the wrong motive and do the right thing. That's called ulterior motives. That's called an axe to grind or a trump up your sleeve. Right? Whenever you you you're doing something right, but in your heart is wrong. So, so your motives and your behavior, it has to be right. It has to be checked every single time. Why am I coming to church? That's a that's a simple one, right? You you start looking, examining yourself and say, Lord, why do I come to church? Well, I've been doing it for 30 years. I really don't want to. I don't really listen to the preacher. I don't really sing. I don't but it's Sunday. This is what I got to do. We start checking our motives. What What is your desires? We start doing all those things. That's I truly believe that's what a what involves of a clear conscience. Now, I believe that our our conscience is the most powerful and unavoidable witness that we're born with. It sees everything we do and it cannot be fooled. Unlike others, it knows our true motives and it holds us accountable within. You can have a straight face, but the conscience will always tell you if you're right or you're wrong. When violated, it becomes a relentless accuser. There's no courtroom, no defense attorney, no public opinion that can overrule what a conscience knows deep within. It doesn't matter if you're found innocent. What does your conscience say? The only thing that can truly judge is your conscience. That's why Paul, he he says that he emphasizes living with a conscience void of offense because there's no voice louder and more truthful than what's inside of us. Um, I was talking to brother Daniel in the back how in the beginning that's we see the beginning of our conscience with Adam and Eve. You have to think about it. Um, we're born with sin. We're we're born and uh wired to lie. That that's just part of survival. We lie, we steal, we do all those things and then we're we're trained up not to do those things, right? Adam and Eve, they weren't they were perfect. There was no such thing a as as shame there. There was no such thing as as feeling guilty there. There was there was no reason. It was perfection. They were in perfect unity with God. But yet the first time the Bible says whenever they they sinned, they did what they did, their eyes were open to their nakedness. And when they their eyes were open to their nakedness, shame filled their hearts. They had to do something. They began to cover themselves. That was the first time conscience was activated. the first time shame and guilt and and remorse happened whenever they came. Now think about it. We've lived with it our whole life. When we do something wrong, it doesn't feel good. But imagine somebody perfect with all of the guilt and shame rushing over their being. It must have been horrible. It must have been a a horrible thing. And and um their innocence were was gone. First time they feel shame means that there was a disturbance in the conscience. Here here in uh Genesis 3:8 it shows that they hid from God showing that there was a sense of guilt and a fear of judgment. This is not a just a mere uh fear of judgment but it's a deep internal recognition that something's wrong. Their conscience was awakened and that's that's where it started. And now every single person is born with this gift. It's not a curse. It's not it's not something bad. It's a gift. And now we are all born with this gift. We come here, we start off with a fallen nature. We lie. We we hate. We steal. We do so much more. But then we have something within us that cries out and tells us when we're doing something wrong. I I believe that that's an amazing thing. The Bible says even the Gentiles without having the word, without having the law, they already had something a law within themselves crying out that there is a God. Billy Graham, uh, brother Billy Graham once said that our conscience is one of the greatest proofs that there is a God. I want to reread Romans 2:14 in the uh New Living Translation. It says just so that we can understand this scripture. It says even the even Gentiles who do not have God written God's written law show that they know his law when they instinctively obey it even without even without having heard it by by they demonstrate that God's law is written in their hearts for their own conscience either accuse them or tell them that they're doing right. So your your conscience is your accuser or your excuser. Your conscience is going to tell you, "Hey, you're doing all right." Or it's going to tell you, "Hey, you're going the wrong path." It's going to be your conscience. You you you don't need, if I'm going to say it this way, or or or you don't need to see the word in order to know that killing is wrong, right? that lying is wrong, that doing those things behind people's back is wrong. You don't need you don't need the word. You don't need the law. There's already a law written in your hearts. It's called your conscience. And it's either going to excuse you or accuse you of what you're doing. And and that's how God created us. We we are all created with a conscience. We're all man is a seed. Brother Brandham said first on the outside we have our body right which is composed of the five senses or see taste feel smell and hear. Then the inside of that body is the spirit man which also have the five inlets your your memory your conscience your reasoning imagination and affection. Every single person has these things. Then in the central realm of a man is the soul which is the innermost being of the man. Your soul only has the two faculties. It's either faith or doubt or God or Satan. It's only going to be two things. But within your spirit, God implanted in every single person a conscience so that we know what's right and what's wrong. Here, um, Brother Brandham, he preaches a message called He Careth for you. And he says, "This leads to eternal life." A man is made so that he could want the comforter. Now what's the comforter? That's the Holy Spirit. That's God's own life. So the way you were made with your five senses with your your five finger or your 10 fingers, your 10 toes, your two eyes and your the feelings within you and the soul that's within you. Everything that is consist you consist of was made so that you can desire something greater. Not not so that you can govern yourself with these things, but these things should lead you to the Holy Spirit. So man was made so that he can want the comforter. He's wanting a comforter because he was made that way. That's the way God put him together. Built rooms in him. his soul, his conscience, his sight, his senses, everything was put together in in in this little room of something to make him happy, to give him consolation, to take weary and nervousness from him. God sat there with the Holy Spirit. Oh, what a truth. What a picture. So God, he created you so that you could have somebody start working in your conscience, start working in your imagination, working in your own flesh. That's what makes you clap your hands. That's what makes you walk to your neighbor and testify that there is a Christ. Why? There's a Holy Spirit in you causing your body to move. Causing your heart to have grief for somebody else. It's causing your conscience to either accuse you or excuse you. It's the Holy Spirit. So it put us to want it. So then this is not to take place of the comforter. Your conscience is not made to to just so that you can become a good person. Brother Barham, he says a message, a really good message. It's called the impersonation of Christianity. sounds worse than what it what he really says, but but if we don't have the Holy Spirit, we impersonate automatically. It's not that you intentionally impersonate, but whenever we're we're living another life and we come to church and and we just don't want to completely submit to the Lord, there's an impersonation already taking place. But he says here, he says that your own conscience um your own conscience to shun you from hell would try to make you or would shun you from hell rather would make you live to be good and right. A good citizen will do that. Not necessarily be a Christian. So your own conscience without God, without the the Holy Spirit, it will make you want to live right. You will think about hell or you'll think about a judgment or you'll think about the laws in the land and you'll say, "Hey, I'm going to be an upstanding citizen." Your conscience will do that for you without God. It'll make you be a good person. He He says he says, "I've seen many men who have denied the name of the Lord Jesus Christ who were fine people." That means humanly. I'm sure we we can point at somebody that maybe is even better than us, that acts better than us sometimes, yet they don't even serve the Lord. They don't even want nothing to do with it. What is it? It's their conscience governing governing them, telling them, "Hey, I've got to be a good person. Hey, I I don't want to speed. Hey, I I don't want to I don't want to break the laws." That's your conscience talking to you. Yet you can be without the Lord Jesus Christ. So it's showing you that that God made you to want his Holy Spirit. Amen. That your conscience cannot just act on its own because then it's going to think that it's right. That your your imaginations, you're going to think that you're right. When you don't have the Lord Jesus Christ, you need the Holy Spirit to guide. Amen. So, it's this conscience though it's good and it's God-given, it's not a perfect guide. It it's like if it's like an empty room. It's vital, but it's in it's not infallible. It's like an empty room with a microphone amplifying whatever values have been fed into it. If if trained by truth, especially God's word, it can lead to your wisdom, peace, integrity. But if it's neglected and misinformed, it can falsely accuse or wrongly excuse you. That's why we must be intentional with about educating our conscience with God's truth. That's why we we can say, "Oh, well, this is right and this is wrong." Yet it's outside of God's word. Yet it's going to lead you to a path of destruction because you have misinformed it. You have trained it. You have educated to show, oh yeah, this is right and this is wrong. So this is not a perfect this is an imperfect judge where where it will allow you to do certain things if you continue to allow it to break those barriers because it'll come with barriers. The Bible says it comes with the law. You're you come with a law in your heart. And if you just continue break those barriers and break those barriers, soon enough you'll think that stealing, lying, doing all those things is right. It's justifiable. It's God-given, but it's not perfect. It will only reflect what it's taught. So a well-trained conscience becomes a reliable guide. Misinformed, it can only lead us astray. So there there we the more we align our minds with the scripture, the more the conscience becomes a faithful voice of truth. I I remember brother Bam says we cannot alter God's word to our thinking. We have to alter our thinking to his thinking. We have to alter our bodies to him because then then when it we we we begin to alter our thinking to his word then your conscience it becomes a reliable friend. It becomes a a righteous man's character because every you can faithfully trust every time the sensitivity of the Holy Spirit says nope don't do that. Hey you said this wrong. You need to make it right. Hey, you offended that person. Hey, you lied whenever you said this. And we could be like, oh man, I got to make it right. And the thing is, your conscience is not going to let you go. Everybody can be like, ah, it was fine. We understood what you meant. It's okay. Conscious be like, you're wrong. You're wrong. You're wrong. No, no, no. Everything's good. Doesn't matter. This judge says you're wrong. Until you make it right, then you're in the clear. You don't need nobody to judge you. You have a judge inside. You have when it's it's perfectly aligned with the word. It becomes a perfect judge. Amen. And he'll it'll tell you the amazing thing. It won't only accuse you, but it it will excuse you just like Paul. Imagine how Paul felt when he was being accused by people. You're wrong. You're you're you're a holy roller. You've done this. You you're breaking down our Jewish laws. He says, "My conscience is clear. My conscience is clear. Tell me whatever. You can condemn me. You could do whatever you want to do with me. You could throw me in prison. You could kill me. I'm clear with you and God." Oh. to live that way. A righteous man's character, but it it has to be in the word. It needs to take you and the holy it needs the Holy Ghost to guide you. Um in Romans 9:1, Paul says, "I say the truth in Christ, I lie not. my conscience also bearing witness in the Holy Ghost. Here here he's showing that the Holy Ghost is backing up his conscience. He's saying that he when he's speaking truthfully, it's because his conscience is guided by the Holy Spirit. It's not a natural conscience. The Holy Spirit enlightens and influences the conscience. So the the conscience separate from the Holy Spirit, we got to be careful from that because it can be guided with with misinformation. Brother Brandham, he says this and it's a very strange thing he says, but but I like what he says. He's talking about himself and he's saying to any man or woman that ever meets fa God face to face and can walk and take it a light thing to see people on the streets carousing in sin. He says it kills you. I said to my wife some time ago and some some of the brethren said, "Have I gone insane? Am I a madman? Why do I keep balling the people out? Why do I say this? I fast and I said I fast and I pray to get away from it. And the more I fast, the uglier sin gets. See, it just makes it worse. Till honest, you can't even go out. The closer you get to God, the uglier sin gets. We begin to be convicted by doing the things that we once thought were okay. You get closer to God and you begin to understand, whoa, that what I've been doing for so many years, that's not okay. What is it? It's God redirecting and changing the conscience, restoring your heart once more. Those that have been out in the world for years and years, you know what? Honestly, not even years. Somebody could be out in the year the world for for a year. That's right, brother. You will be ravished by the devil. To the where you you hate everybody. You think everything is okay. You'll reason with those with with why God isn't real. You'll become a crazy person. I've seen it. Seen it many times where we just don't care about anything. Ready to kill somebody if they say something wrong. If somebody cuts you off, you're you've got your 45 right next to you. That's how the world is today. And they they'll justify themselves why a a mom taking their kids to soccer practice, why she had to die because she cut him off. That's what happened. Their conscience was gone. It's been seared. They don't care anymore. But when you give it to God, every time you get closer to his presence, those things that you thought were okay, those things that you thought were fine, it becomes uglier and uglier and uglier and and every time it does that, it causes the body to react. Says, "I'm not doing that anymore." You don't you don't need to be religious to change yourself. Well, I'm coming to church. I better do this now. I better do that. No. Let the word deal with your conscience. Let the Holy Spirit work in you and your own conviction will say that's wrong. Isn't that amazing? You know, you know, we talk, you'll hear so many people talk about revelation. Oh, such big great thing. Revelation. No, revelation is whenever you understand. When you have revelation every single day is understanding why you're not supposed to do something. Yeah. It doesn't take somebody from the behind the pulpit or or somebody in in in wherever you're hearing saying, "Oh, you better not do that or you're going to go to hell." You don't need that. You align yourself with the word and you'll get the revelation why it's wrong. Your conscience will begin to say, "Hey, I shouldn't be doing that anymore." And and that judge will not let you go. You can go to sleep. You can have a smile. You can do whatever you want to do, but when you wake up, it's going to be there to say, "Hey, you still haven't fixed that. You still haven't done what I told you to do." Oh, and then when you fix it, when you fix it with that person that you've you've been arguing with, that you lied about, that you hurt, when you go and you say, "Forgive me." and and and you truly mean it in your heart and and you give your heart and you say, "I'm sorry that I did this. I that I offended you." And you can walk away saying, "It's done." No matter what anybody else says about it anymore, it's done. My conscience is clear. It's a faithful friend. Your conscience, it hurts. A godly conscience hurts. one of the biggest, but it's one of the biggest blessings that we have. I believe it's a faithful friend. There in in Proverbs 27:6, there's um a scripture. It talks about a faithful friend. It says, "Faithful are the wombs of a friend, but kisses of an enemy are deceitful." I I truly believe that that's that's our conscience. When our our conscience is aligned with your the word of God, it'll hurt you. It'll dig at you every day. But it's telling you there's danger. There's danger. There's danger. What you're doing is wrong. What you're doing is wrong. What you're doing is wrong. What you're doing is wrong. Until you fix it. And he says, "Ah, how do you feel now?" That big burden of guilt is gone. Doesn't that feel good? That's why I'm a Christian, actually. Amen. Because I had a burden I could not bear. I I had a burden that was greater than than what I could do. I was driving myself crazy. If you looked at me, I look like a normal person. Yet within me was a turmoil. And we see that today where people they can't handle the burden to the point where they want to take their own lives. They want to go into drugs just so that they can ease the pain. But step into Christ and Christ says, "I have paid all of your debts." All of your guilt, all of your shame. Come unto me and confess them to me. Not so that I can judge you, so that I can take them away. Oh, praise God. That deserves a clap offering. Amen. That's why we're Christians today. That's why I'm a Christian. I didn't come to be a Christian because um I was I was raised in in the word. I was raised in all those things, but my nature wanted to go out there. I didn't become a Christian whenever I was born into a church. It was whenever I gave my heart to the Lord. It was when I I realized I couldn't carry every burden. then he forgave me. And whenever that guilt is gone, well, praise God. But that pain, it's needed. You know, I started thinking about it. It's it's kind of like your your sensory your sensory of pain. Pain, we don't like pain. When you wake up, your knees start hurting. Your back is all messed up. But pain is important. And it's telling you, hey, the engine light is on. Some something's wrong with your body. You know, whenever a child whenever they're playing next to the stove, everybody can tell them, we've all heard it, that you could tell them, "Don't touch it. Don't touch it. Don't touch it." But it takes that one time for them to touch it. That's the greatest lesson. That's the greatest teacher is whenever pain hits the body and it sends all the whatever happens goes all the way to the brain and says, "Ah, don't touch it again. That's danger right there." Well, you can't be like, "Oh man, that pain, oh, I hate it." No, it's you better thank it because that just saved your life. It's it's saying pain is there to tell you if you continue to do it, there's danger, possible death. So pain is letting you know, hey, there might be something wrong. You need to get it fixed. That's a conscience. Your conscience is there to say, whoa, you're getting a little too close to the fire. You're you're you're you're getting too close to danger. You need to correct yourself. Amen. Brother Brandham, he he says he says this and and three kinds of believers. He says, "And remember when a man, a human being or that woman or boy or girl that ever meets God is changed. He's never the same. He's changed from that time on." So God, he restored him. Restores that person, restores that girl. Says, "That's right. He will never be the same no matter what. He might get away from God, but God will never get away from him. Everywhere you go, this is what he says. This is what I like. He says, "You'll be haunted day and night if you ever meet God till you come back again." There's there's a hunting there. There's there's something that's saying, "Hey, you cannot continue on this way. You can't continue on." And a lot of times people are stubborn and they just keep trying to hush that conscience down. It's like, no, it's all right. I I I don't need it. I I'm okay. I'm all right. I'm okay. And we begin to reason within ourselves. We we be try to to retrain our conscience once more. He continues on. He says, "As I said this morning, how Pilate must have walked on the floor that night with his worried conscience trying to clean himself." He said, "My when no doubt he he had called through that night, I've I've washed my hands all night and I still can't understand. See, they're not clean. I can never go and meet him. I've got the blood upon my hands. Oh my." See, never be guilty of that. It's on your hands. He says there's only one thing you can get get it out and accept and that's accept it. That's right. Become part of it. That what it was shed for. Amen. So we've got a guilt that we can never wash you. Whatever you do, you cannot make it right. You only come to the blood. Only come to Christ. It'll all wash away. Praise God. So a man's conscience is like a warning line on a highway. It tells him what what he shouldn't do and it keep but it doesn't keep him from doing it. You see all the stop lines. You see the the uh white lines in the middle and and the white lines on the sides and you see the slow down the yields and all of that. Those those are all suggestions, but it's telling you be careful. Stop. Go slow. Don't turn around this way. Don't make a U-turn. Do all those things, but it can't stop you from doing that. Your conscience is not going to hold you back. It's just telling you, hey, don't do those things. He he um one of the things, one of the quotes that really helped me out when I was listening to uh brother Brandham is in the message enticing spirits. He said that someone come the other day and said, "Brother Brenham, do you think it's wrong to do a certain thing?" He was asking him about a certain thing. I said, "Why do you question about it?" See, if there's a question in your mind, leave it alone. Don't do it at all. Just stay with that. When you start, do anything. And if there's a question, whether it's right or wrong, stay away from it. Don't go into it at all. Then you know you're right. Amen. I understood whenever I was a young Christian that there's many things I couldn't find in the Bible. I didn't know how to navigate through the Bible and I couldn't find it. I couldn't find it um w with the messages and and preachers and all of that. And I said, "Is this right or is this wrong?" And that quote helped me because there was a question. There was a an alert in my heart saying, "Is this right? Am I going the right way? this doesn't feel like it's right. And whenever you feel that, just don't do it. You don't need you don't need constant answers of, oh, well, should I do this and should I do that? What does your conscience tell you? What does your heart say when you do that thing? Well, if it's there's an alert, if there's an engine light going on, don't do it. If there's a stop, if there's a yield, do it. Listen to that conscience in your heart. Just like Paul, he says, "I do exercise myself to always um to have always a conscience void of offense toward God and toward men." He speaks of having a conscience void of offense toward God and toward men. Meaning, he strives to live free from guilt or moral failure. And void it means to be empty and and uh offense. It means to uh refers to anything that violates his conscience or becomes a stumbling block. Paul's aim is to keep his inner life clean. Not just in how he relates to God, which is a vertical integrity, but it's also how he treats others, which is horizontal integrity. How does he treat others? How does he how does God look upon him? That's that's what we should be looking towards. Doesn't matter what anybody accuses you. Here in 1 Peter 3:16-1 17, it says, "Having a good conscience, that whereas they speak evil of you as evildoers, they may be ashamed that falsely accuse you of good of your good conversation in Christ. For it is better if the will of God be so that than to suffer um that ye suffer for welloing than evildoing. So if you're suffering but you're right with God, let it be. If you're being accused, if you're going those through certain things in your life, let it be. if the conscience is clear. A good day can be a a horrible day if you have a bad conscience. But a horrible day, a day full of accusations, a day full of heartaches is a wonderful day with a clear conscience. That's right. Oh, when you had a hard time at work, when you had issues, when you had somebody false accuse you, when when you're going through things at work and there's people you can't work around, when you can sit there and say, "Lord, I've done everything I could. I I I've acted right. I have my good conversation." Let them be ashamed of your goodness. And if they're not ashamed, then be be persecuted for God's will and not evildoing. Praise God. There's a French proverb that says, "There is no pillow so soft as a clear conscience." Oh, man. You know those nice cold pillows, you flip it and you just go to sleep. That's a clear conscience. When you can go to sleep at night and not worry, not have things in your mind, not have stress of the things that you could have done, the could a would a shoulds, but you could go to sleep and say, "Ah, praise God. I've done everything right." Now, when I was studying this, I I understood that there's another pillow just as soft. There's two types of people that can sleep good at night. a man with a clear conscience and a person with no conscience at all. Right. Right. Because a a person with no conscience at all, that they don't care. And that's where we don't want to be at. That's where the devil he he what he's trying to do every single day. Brother Brandham, he explains it perfectly how this what these two things are. Now, I was talking a little bit about the clear conscience here. He talks about it in um with no conscience at all. He says, and he said he he's talking um there there was a Native American that was explaining what a a conscience is. What is your conscience? What how does it work? Native American. He said, "It's a little thing that's got four points on it and they're sharps and they're sharp and it setits right in your heart and when you do something wrong, it starts turning." Said, "You keep letting it turn. It'll cut a streak right right through it and you can't feel it at all." So, I thought that was a pretty good expression. Our conscience is like a a little thing with four points on it set in your heart. Every time you do something wrong, it turns just a little and it hurts. But you continue and you continue and you continue and you continue to do those bad things. It'll turn and turn and turn and turn and turn and turn until you can't feel it at all. Now, the thing that you feel now, that means you still have it. Amen. That means God is still working on you. But those things when we allow ourselves just to keep breaking every single barricade when God calls, God calls you and God calls you and God calls you every single day saying, "Come to me. Come to me. Come with me." And we just keep going, keep going in our lives. There'll be one day where we just don't feel it. We just don't care anymore. The very thing, the very faithful friend that tells us that we're wrong, that tells us, "Hey, stop. Be careful. There's danger." Trying to pull us out, but he can't do nothing. He's just constantly crying out to you. He himself becomes defiled and desensitized and evil. That same conscience that was a faithful friend becomes the Bible says an evil conscience. Desensitized. The Bible even calls it in in Titus 1:15 a a defiled and unbelieving cons conscience where nothing is pure anymore. where where somebody begins to talk to you about the gospel and there's no reverence anymore there we don't care anymore why because we we've we've uh seared the Bible says in 1 Timothy 4 two uh 1 and2 it says that that their conscience has been seared with a hot iron it's it means to to be seared a conscience that is seared it means that there was a too much exposure to sin that that it's been exposed and exposed and exposed to sin to the point where it's seared and it's numbed away from God. Doesn't mean that God stopped calling you. It means your conscience has stopped responding. It means that the the little room that used to allow the Holy Spirit to come in and speak through the mic and say, "Hey, I'm still here for you. Hey, I'm still knocking. I'm still knocking." You're going to close that door and say, "I don't want to hear it anymore. Be quiet. I want to do what I want to do." Yeah, but there's danger ahead. There's danger ahead. There's danger ahead. Until you just don't hear it anymore. and to where those all those stop signs that you used to see, all those barricades that told you not to go to that place, all those things that said don't don't go there, all your mother's prayers, Brother Benham says, all the pastor's preachings that he's preached behind this pulpit, all those things will be broken down and then it'll become a red carpet straight to the thing you want to do. All those barricades will break every single one of them until then then we just don't care anymore. All those gospel songs, all those things. Brother Brandham says God doesn't send somebody to hell. We fight, are we? That there's there's barricades there. There's things your mother's prayers, her her her uh instructions, the pastor's preachings, all those things, those are all barricades saying, "Don't go there." And we keep fighting every single barricade. We keep breaking down every single thing until it becomes a highway. Matthew 7:13 it says, "Enter ye the straight gate, for wide is the gate, and broad is the way that leadth to destruction, and many there be which go therein." What is it? Whenever we break everything in, then there's an open door to destruction. There there's a wide highway for us to go. Why? There's nothing holding us back anymore. Our faithful friend isn't there. Brother Brandham, he says, "But when men and women let their hearts become seared," now this is this is hard, but he says, "It's demons, powers of the devil." There was never one but one thing in all the age that would strip men that was devils. Strip women rather, that's exactly or men. Either one. It looks like a bunch of prehistoric animals laying there stripped with no conscience. The Bible said they they had their conscience seared with a high iron. And the same people is the one I'm speaking in particularly that I know sings in choirs. Oh my. They got fellowship with groups surely, but the fellowship with Christ. What of it? So he's not talking about just sinners out in the world. Talking about us. I I've got to examine myself. I've got a the one that's going to be deceived in heaven is going to be the ones that think they were going to heaven. There there you see Christ standing at the door in the Ladyian age in Revelations knocking at the heart of the people knocking and knocking and knocking. And then you see he begins to explain the negative of what happened to the Garden of Eden. the Garden of Eden. These people were veiled with a holy veil in their eyes. Didn't mean that they were covered. They were they were never covered. They were always naked, but they were veiled in their eyes so that they never knew that they were naked. It was a holy veil. And whenever that veil was taken away, shame be to hit because they realized, "Oh my goodness, I've sinned. I'm naked. I need to cover myself." Then we find ourselves in this day in the same position where Jesus says, "You don't even know you're wretched, blind, and naked. You don't even know that you're in the same position as Adam and Eve, but now it's the negative. And it's a sinful veil over the people's eyes. And they don't even know that they're going through those things. They don't even know. It takes the Holy Spirit to come and to knock into your heart. And whenever you open your heart, then your eyes are open and say, "I've been doing this all wrong the whole time. I've been sinning. I've been doing this. And the more closer you you get with Jesus, the more communion we you get with him, oh, the uglier all those things get. What? He's restoring you back to those things. But that's what we find the world in, the church is in in this uh lollying and and they're no more conscience and you can hardly wake them up, brother Brandham says. and and the condition they said the Lord is coming but they devouring each other and backbiting and hating and all these things. What is it there? There's no more conscience. That's why you you've got to you've got to appreciate places like this where the word is preached where there no bars being let down. The word is here. Christ is here and whatever you need it can change your life. It hurts, but it's good for you. Oh, it's a faithful friend. The thing that we're feeling, that's a faithful friend. here here in closing there's this story of this of this woman and I'm not going to there's a lot of brother Brandham says the story and I'm not going to go verbatim of what he says but he was talking about this woman that used to go to the same church as his his pastor brother Orman Neville at that time and uh they were Methodists and she was you know she her her dad was a deacon and and he was a spiritfilled man Brandham says and she she's a young woman. She finds a man that was spiritfilled and and she married him and um yet her heart was never she never truly accepted the Lord. So she was in that position of like well I was born in the church. That's the thing is like those that have been raised in the church we have to find our experience. Amen. Those that are in the world, sometimes it's easier for them to accept the Lord because they're coming out of a horrible condition. They're coming out of of mental struggles. A lot of times we're so comfortable in our lives, us young people that are raised in church, right? So she she her dad was a deacon. She would married a spiritfilled man and and um conditions happened to to make them move because of certain conditions and they moved to another church and and brother Brandham says that that it was a church that here let me see what he says just so he says he he he went they went to a church that uh where is it that went to a church that wasn't very spiritual that didn't allow the Holy Spirit to come but it was very formal that allowed certain things and she noticed so they had to go to that and they noticed that the women would smoke cigarettes they w they noticed that that they do certain things she said oh well they do wow I didn't know we could do those things I didn't know we could do those things and and her husband he would work from far away and he would have to go out of town and and she began to see the way the women would act and the people would act and she's like, "Well, if they do it," her her reasoning began to work in her life, she says, "Wow, if they could do it, I could do it." But as as she begins to let down every single bar, break down a barricade, her conscience would say, "Hey, you're not supposed to do that." He says that her conscience and the Holy Spirit would begin to work in her, but then her intellectual would come and say, "Hey, but they do it. They're just as fine people. If they can do it, I can do it." She would push her conscience, the Holy Spirit. Brother Barham set her soul aside and she would continue on. Then they lived right next to brother Barham said a slicker. And as the husband was out, she would go and start talking to him at the gate. And and there they would they began to talk to each other to the point where where they got into an intimate relationship. And she left her husband, the spiritfilled man, and she ended up with him and her conscience telling her this that's not right. You shouldn't do that. You shouldn't do that. And she said, "Well, they're doing it. Why can't I?" She her intellectual reasoning that's the enemy of God's Holy Spirit. God's conviction is reasoning. Well, if I could do it, that was just the same thing as the children of Israel asking for Saul. We want a king. We want them. We want to be like them. And God says, "Man, you're rejecting me. You're not rejecting Samuel." So, she continues on. She ends up with this man. She's still she becomes a pianist at the at the church that she was going to. She's smoking cigarettes. She's um well while the men come from work, they're they're dressed a certain way so that they can, you know, have the men look at them and stuff. And that's just her life. She began to be that way. The man, he ended up finding somebody else and divorced her and now she's with somebody. Now he's with somebody else. And then she finds somebody else and she her life begins to be all messed up and yet her conscience continues and continues to cry out. But yet she just shuts it away. Even whenever she was with the spiritfilled man when he would say, "I don't think we should be that." She would snap at him right away and say, "Oh no, you get out of my business." When somebody would try to to correct but do a corrective action, she would shut it away right away. Then she finds herself sick and she's at the point in of of death and in her m and her life. Now this is a hard this is a hard story but this is a true story. It's not just a madeup story but she was she was at a the point of death and everything was okay. She she knew she believed she knew where she was going. And and brother Neville, he finds out that she's in there in the hospital and she he asked Brother Brandham, "Hey, uh, do you think I should go pray?" And I don't even think he asked. He just said, "I'm going to go pray for her." And he goes and he goes and talks to her and she said, "Ah, good morning. Good to see you." And he said, "Yeah, you used we used to go to the same church." and and he says, "I just came here to let you know. Are are you going to make those things right?" She said, "What? Make those things right? I'm as good as you are. What are you talking about? What happened?" She reasoned her conscience away to where she believed that she was right. Well, no. you your the way you're living the life that you're living the things that you're doing you're not supposed to be doing those have you asked the Lord Jesus for forgiveness what was it was the last call of forgiveness the last call of hope through this man saying haven't you repented yet and she says I have nothing to repent of I'm as good as you and she says by the way get out of here I already have my pastor I don't need you. She kicked him out. Brother Neville goes and tells brother Brandon. Brother Brandon's like, just just watch till the end. And there as as she's about to leave consciousness and she's about to pass away, all of her intellects. See, what we do if we're not careful is we'll begin to the reasonings begin to be strongholds. They'll begin to be structures in our mind and and it it'll structure our mind the way we want it to be. We begin to train our conscience to where we say, "Oh, everything is fine." And and we're taking a lot of mental power to make ourselves believe that we're okay. And that's what was going on with her. And whenever her mental faculties begin to leave her, her brother Bandham says her soul came back. Her conscience began to get a little louder again because her reasoning was leaving. Her intellect begin to leave as her conscience would leave. And it said, "You're lost." And she said, "I'm lost. I'm lost. I'm lost. I'm lost. I'm lost. And she began to cry out and she looked at her pastor and she said, "You're a liar. You told me I was okay. You told me I was okay." And the pastor said, "Go put a hypo needle needle on her so she can calm down." And brother Brandon said that stealed her confession, that she still had a chance. Her conscience came back and she was going to cry out to the Lord. But then they they stuck a needle in her so that she could go back uh in in uh to go to sleep and it stopped her confession. What was it? She she grieved away the Holy Spirit, grieved away her conscience. That's that's a rough thing for us to do that. We know that the young rich ruler did the same thing. Christ said, "Come follow me." He said, "No, I'm fine." By the end of his life, he's sitting there with all of his storehouses and he says, "Ah, I say to my soul, I am satisfied." Then where did he find himself? Looking up, looking up in hell, say, "God, God, help me." Abraham, Abraham, what was it? Everything came back. his gifts. He was, brother Baron said he would he had a gift to be an evangelist. He had a He had gifts. Um I I know that sister had gifts, but yet she abandoned God and and every gift, everything that she was supposed to be came back to. And he began to cry out and cry out. Brother Brandham, he says in a message without money or without price here in closing, he says, "God have mercy on us, brother. I would like to live in this life and my desire till even the least bit of his grieving, I'll know it in my heart. I should do something that I would grieve him, I'd be able to feel it in a moment." That's my prayer. Amen. that my prayer is that any little thing that I do to to hurt my God, I feel it in my heart. Oh, and then so that we can know the wings, the warmth, the breath of our Lord is still around us. I never want to feel that he's gone. I never want to feel like like, oh, God God is here yet he departed a long time ago. I never want to feel that. what you feel now. Cherish, cherish the pain. Cherish the convictions. Cherish the calling that God gives you. Don't use it as a curse. Say, "Thank you, Lord, that I'm still here. Thank you, Lord, that I'm still alive, that you're still calling me, that you're still asking for my repentance." If you'd like to stand and the P musicians come up, play something sweet. There's there's a story about a prospector how, you know, in the in the old uh I believe it was the early 1900s or in the 1800s where the there was the golden gold boom where everybody was mining, everybody was a prospector, and here's this man with his his faithful dog and he said, "You know what? I'm going to go and I'm going to strike it rich. I'm I I think I know exactly where to go. And he was there with his faithful dog. And every time his dog would see danger, if he would see a bear in the woods, it would tell him. And And they were just good friends, good buds. And there was this one time where finally all of his hard work paid off. He struck gold. And he said, "Finally." And he everything came rushing in his mind. Everything he would do. Oh, I'm gonna be the richest man in town. I'm gonna be this and I'm going to be that and and and he was so happy and he got all got found or he went back to his cabin and and and he began to celebrate and got drunk and and he said, "Oh, by tomorrow morning I'm going to be the richest man on town." And there is faithful dog there. him not knowing the whole time there was two men trailing him, watching him, ready to attack, ready once he struck gold, they were going to take everything he had and took his life. And as they were approaching, his dog, his faithful friend, began to bark, began to sound an alarm and begin to bark and bark and bark and bark. And and as he he was thinking of all the glories he would going to he was going to be in that that next day, he said, "Be quiet. Be quiet. I'm trying to enjoy myself here." The dog just kept barking and became an annoyance to him. Just think about it in our conscience. Think about the Holy Spirit. It became an annoyance. An annoyance. This faithful friend that took him through many dangers, helped him through many things that he could have he could have died in. Yet, he had his faithful dog. He had his faithful friend there. And now that he has everything, he's like, "I don't need you anymore. You keep bugging me. I don't need you. Why are you here? you I you were taking half of the food anyways. He gets a shotgun and he shoots the dog. He says, "Ah, there. Peace and quiet. I don't need him. I'm going to be the richest man." But that dog was telling him there was danger there. His faithful friend didn't care about the gold. Didn't know anything about all he was saying, "Watch out. Watch out. There's danger. There's danger. There's danger." and he killed his only thing that would help him. And those men took him, killed him, and took all of his gold. Brothers, that's the Holy Spirit today. He's our faithful friend. He's what calls us every single day when we're doing something wrong. When we go and hide and we do what we do, the Lord is calling. the Lord is is crying out when we don't want to listen to the Lord. He's the one. He's the faithful friend every single day. There's a there's a way if anybody has felt like they've they've seared their conscience. There's a way to sens reensitize your conscience. Hebrews 10:22, it says, "Let us draw near with a true heart full of assurance of faith." Who has a true heart full of assurance of faith? Who believes that God can restore them? Who believes that God can continue to work in their heart? He says, "Having our hearts sprinkled from an evil conscience and our bodies washed with pure water, every desire and every guilt will be washed away. If your conscience is evil, defiled, weak, or seared, God can come. We can come to the waters and he can restore to the point where we're in his presence. And those things that we were okay with, they become ugly. They become evil. And we begin to walk in his word. Walk in the Lord. I so thankful for the Lord that God always has a way out for us. Don't ever feel like there is no hope for you. Don't ever feel like your chance is gone. As long as you have breath in your lungs and a heart that is still beating, God is still calling. Maybe you're not sensitive to it yet, but ask the Lord and he will restore you back to that condition. Do you believe it? Amen. I believe it. Let us bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, what a solemn moment, Father, to understand the the severity of our lives that it's just not eating and drinking and doing this and doing that and living life, going to work, but Father, there's a deeper meaning within all of this. That you are with us always, that you're there to protect us from evil. Whenever we're about to find ourselves in a bad situation, Lord, it's you there. When nobody's around, it's you there. When we're about to sin, it's you there. When nobody believes, but you do, it's you there. Praise God. I thank you, Lord, that you are there with us. Even if sometimes we feel like you're not, it doesn't matter what we feel, you are still there. You are not governed by my feeling. You are not governed by anything, but you are a sovereign God. And you are working in each and every person's life. And Lord, I ask that you make yourself known to them this morning. Let that little light shine and understand you're here. I thank you, Lord. name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. Amen. Let's just worship the Lord. Brother Daniel, create in me a [Music] cleaner, oh God. and renew arise spirit within me. [Music] Create in me a clean [Music] heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. [Music] Cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord, and take not thy holy spirit from [Music] me. Restore unto me the joy of thy [Music] salvation and renew a right spirit within me. That feeling that we get when we do wrong, there's that inner voice that speaks to us, says you shouldn't have done that or don't do that. And as our brother said, that voice doesn't stop us from doing it. We make the decision. I'm am I going to listen to my conscience or I'm going am I going to go ahead and sin? And then when I sin after I've done it, am I going to listen to my conscience that says you need to make that right or am I going to go ahead and silent that voice? There will come a time that that voice will not speak anymore. There'll come a time when that conscience won't respond to sin and won't respond to doing wrong. And brothers and sisters, let's never cross that line. We all sin. We sin every day. But we also have a conscience conscience that tells us you shouldn't have done that. Make it right. Don't silent that voice, friends. Never silent it. Listen to it. Obey it. When it says change your way of doing things, change your life, follow that voice, follow what it says. Amen. Amen. Do you appreciate our brother Eli? [Applause] I got to admit, past few days as he was talking, I got to say, you know, I need to make that right. I probably should confess that and yeah, I should probably make that right. And yeah, I need to do that one, too. Over and over and over again. It's like, but but don't you feel good about that voice that tells you it feels good to say, you know what, I was wrong. There's something about saying I'm sorry that just kind of wipes it all away and and then just that love of the Holy Spirit enters back in. Amen. Amen. Daniel, you got another one for [Music] us? Amazing grace, how sweet the son that saved a rich like me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. Was blind, but now I see. It was grace that taught my heart to fear. And grace my fears relie. And how preious did that grace appear the hour I first believe was grace that taught my heart to fear and grace my fears [Music] freely. How preious did that grace appear the hour I first believe. [Music] Amen. [Music] Amen. He said the check engine light comes on in our lives. You know, when that check engine light comes on in the vehicle, it's like, "Oh, man. Something's wrong." That's our conscience, brothers and sisters. That check engine light comes on, it's it's not a check engine light, it's a check your soul light. And that comes on, don't ignore it. as so many us of us do it with our cars. Don't ignore that because it means there's something not firing right. There's something wrong. Let's bow our heads. Our heavenly father, we are grateful. Lord, thank you for a conscience that we all have. Thank you, Father, that that you would place that down deep in our souls that the Holy Spirit could speak to us even in a even even if we're not where we should be with you, Lord. Even if we're we're found in sin or if we're found doing things that are just wrong, Lord, that there is a conscience that speaks to us and tells us you need to get right. We thank you for that, Father. And if there would be someone here in this congregation today that that light is on and something needs to be done, something needs to be corrected. Father, I pray for that person or those people that you would have your way in their life, Lord, that you would give them strength and give them the courage, Father, to change and make things right. Help all of us, Father, for all of us sin that comes short of the glory of God. And Lord, we are grateful that there is a guiding spirit that takes us away from our sins and points us in the right direction. Now Lord, let us just follow that guiding light. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. One more song, buddy, before we dismiss. Chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my savior, your brethren on me. And like a flood, his mercy reigns, unending love, amazing grace. And the Lord has promised good to me. His word my hope secures. He will my shield and portion as long as life ends. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my savior rest on me. And like a flood, his mercy reign unending love. Amazing grace. And the earth shall soon dissolve like snow. The sun for bear to shine. The God who called me here below will be forever mine. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my savior res me in life of love. His mercy reigns, unending love, amazing grace. Amen and amen. Praise God. He is good. He is so good. Brothers and sisters, we have while we have our brother here, if I'm going to uh I'll dismiss the congregation and while we have our brother here, if you would have something on your heart that you would like to be prayed for, have something that that uh you would like to ask our brother to pray with you about, you're welcome to come forward after I dismiss and uh bring it before the Lord in prayer. We'll have tonight we won't have our normal service. We're going to just a prayer service. Tonight we'll sing some songs. I'll say a few words and then we will do the most important thing in a Christian life. We will go before our Lord and our Savior in prayer. We'll take about 30 minutes of quiet prayer before the Lord this evening. You're welcome to come. Thank you all for being here this morning. May God be with you and take care of you and guide you. You're [Music] dismissed. And I was a wretch. I remember who I was. I was lost. I was blind. I was running out of time. [Music] Sin separated. The breach was far too wide. But from the far side of the chasm, you held me in your sight. So you made a way across the great divide. left behind heaven's throne to build it here inside. And there at the cross, you paid the debt I owe. Broke my chains, freed my soul. For the first time I had hope. So thank you Jesus for the blood applied. And thank you Jesus. It has washed me white. And thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. You brought me from the darkness into glorious light. And you took my place, laid inside my tomb, a sin. You were buried for 3 days, but then you walked right out again. Now death has no sting and life has no end. For I have been transformed by the blood of the lamb. So thank you Jesus for the blood applied. Thank you Jesus. You have washed me white. And thank you Jesus. You have saved my life and brought me from the darkness into glorious light. And there is nothing stronger than the wonder working power of the blood. The blood that calls us sons and daughters. We are ransom by our fathers through the blood. The blood. And there is nothing stronger than the wonderworking power of the blood. The blood that calls us sons and daughters. We are ransom by our fathers through the blood. The blood. Thank you Jesus for the blood applied. Thank you Jesus. It has washed me white. And thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. You brought me from the darkness into glorious light. [Music]
